5	Rebel pizza is a must kick it up a notch with bacon! The Victor and hamslaw sandwich are a must have. The bread is on point nice and warm with just the right amount of crunch! Both pack a mouth full of flavor multiple layers of flavors. You won't see all the original menu items from the original shop on on Desert inn & Arville. But a great way to shake up the menu. This location is family friendly kids are able to come in this location. Great chicken wings and fingers. For a new twist try the Italian wings or fingers. They also serve local beer a great way to support local companies
5	I love pizza! I'm also kind of a pizza snob. No chain pizza for me. I like the hole in wall family owned places, because those are the best!We went on a Thursday night. It is located right behind the strip near the hard rock. Naked city's location is hard to find and kind of looks like office buildings but once you find it, it's not hard to miss.We walked in and the staff seemed very friendly. The manager ( from the Arville location) was our server. She was friendly, and very helpful ordering.We ordered a Wee sized Cheese pizza with Basil. It was amazing Super fresh, you can tell everything is made to order.We also order poutine fries, these were yummy as well. The fries were hand cut, not the frozen freezer kind.I definitely suggest this place. Will definitely visit again!!
4	Place was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of their style of pizza but I was a fan of the garlic buns and garlic fries. Both extremely delicious. The ranch was also top notch!
4	Went here on a spur of the moment decision and I'm glad I did. I should say first that I'm a thin, hand tossed pizza crust kind of guy. This was a little thicker than that and not something I would typically have ordered, but they make it work, mostly because of the quality ingredients, from the tangy sauce to the cheese to the toppings.Few things: The half sheet is a huge square cut monster that'll feed a large familyThe wings are awesome, enough by themselves to bring me back. I will definitely come back to try their sandwiches, especially the East coast standard beef on weck
5	Food is good. Portions are big. Service is great. What more can I ask for? I'll definitely be back! Oh and not exactly a deal breaker but they only have green olives! I've never heard of a pizza place that doesn't have black olives! Also love that they serve beer from the Ellis Island brewery!
4	Came for lunch early on Sunday morning and it didn't even look like it was open.  Had to check the door to even see because no other customers were around yet.  Glad we made sure though! We walked in and we we're warmly greeted right away.  We had are choice of anywhere we wanted to sit so we took a table in the middle of the room.  The only reason I'm giving them a 4 is because the tables were kinda uncomfortable other wise it's 5 all the way. We were with another couple and we both wanted different pizza toppings so they got a 1/4 sheet of the Rebel which had pepperoni, sausage, ham, salami, tomato and fresh basil while we had a 1/4 sheet of the chitown which was chunks of Italian beef, giardinare and roasted peppers, olive oil and oregano. We also got an order of wings with the Sicilian hot sauce on half and the put bbq on the other half.  We started it all off with the garlic cheese rolls. Think cinnamon roll only pimped out pizza style.  These were awesome and I'd recommend them to anybody.  The pizza is more of a neoploitan style with a thicker crust and made and served on a cookie sheet and cut in big squares.  They had a nice amount of toppings and cheese along with a tasty sauce and an excellent crust. The wings were cooked to perfection and served with a fair amount of celery and carrot sticks all with a really good quality blue cheese and/or Ranch dressing. Both styles were great but I thought the BBQ was outstanding. We quickly realized we could have easily gotten away with ordering 1 pizza and 1/2 the wings and had more then enough food. Our server was super cute and friendly and gave us great service so it made our visit even better.  All and all this was a great lunch selection and we were very happy.  I'm a big fan of getting off the strip and eating locally where the prices are better and the people are real.
4	After wanting to try this place forever we finally decided to give it a go.. After seeing it on TV & reading all the yelp reviews I couldn't wait! After going to the other location and waiting 20 minutes with nobody greeting us we decided to get up & give the other location a try.. The food was awesome, we got pizza, buffalo dip and fries all of it was bomb! Our server was trying her hardest but they could definitely use another server.. Will probably come back to this location but I would probably order it to go next time.
5	We were on Spring Break and my daughter calls from New Mexico asking us to try a place called Naked City Pizza that she just saw on Food Network Channel. So we thought we give it a try and boy we were in for a surprise. We had Poutine which we never had before and all I have to say is it's was to die for. We also ordered a full sheet of half pepperoni and cheese pizza that also was some good a$$ pizza. We also tried the Guinea Pie that was off the hook. This was the best tasting pizza we had in Las Vegas. I had to order some to fly back to NM to have my family try. They all agreed it was some kick a$$ pizza hot or cold. I plan on visiting again and will recommend this pizza place to friends and family who plan on visiting the 702!! Guy Fierro wasn't joking!!!
5	Got invited here by one of my chef friends and man it was good. I ordered the sicilian wings which were nothing but delicious and the Chicago pizza which was ok but thats just cuz I'm not a fan of so much peppers. But i also tried the sausage pizza and it was heaven. You wont try pizza like this any where else let me tell you.
5	Best in Vegas !!!!! We order almost everyday and everybody is super cool there the pizza is super tasty !
5	The pizza was sooo delicious!! $3 pepperoni pizza slices and two cannoli for $4. Looking for a good eat while in Vegas found this gem. Service was fast we ordered slices of pizza and were pleasantly surprised that they were about the size of a personal pizza. I would recommend anyone to stop by. I will definitely be back. Try this place you won't regret it.
5	Naked city had a quiet opening, snuggled next to the hofbrauhaus across from the hard rock casino. This area has been joe's pizza territory for a while. Well move on over joe's! Having been to naked city well over a handful of time since they opened, I've taken a break from joes and do not look to return. Food is the name of the game and naked city pizza plays it well. The menu features a range of items you'd expect from pizza places these days. Pizza, wings, pasta, burgers. How do you take something done a million times and still make it worth it to eat? You make it better, and that's simply what nc does. I can't speak for their plain or pepperoni pizza, which I'm sure is excellent. Naked city shines with its multiple specialty pizza, ranging from a great steak and cheese pizza with white garlic sauce, to meatball pizza and various other combinations. The pizza is freshly made in a timely manner and comes out with great flavors. No one part of a pizza there is better than the other, you'll find yourself enjoying every bite you take. Away from the pizza norms, nc has an excellent choice for wing lovers. Try the hot sicilian if you want a spicy kick with some excellent flavors! And if you really want some heat, check out the blazing suicide fries! Among the menu is also the ma burger, a heaping size of a burger that skips no shortcuts in the delicious category. And if you need a getaway to a land sweet and savory, grab yourself a cannoli for dessert. You'll thank me later!Naked city is still settling in, but has been nothing short of great. Check it out and I'm sure you'll enjoy!
2	Visited for the second time recently. It was early on a Friday evening. Party of 4. We had 2 meatball parm subs, a pizza, and something else. The food all came out cold. It was horrible. The sandwiches were cold, had very little sauce on them, a few pieces of meat. The food comes out sporadically. One sandwich came out, then the pizza and a little whle later the other sandwich. All food was cold and not good. Was really disappointed. It was not a busy time of night. It was before the rush and there were few other people in the place. It took forever and was bad food. Never again.
4	Pizza by the slice was very good. I got the Back Home and pepperoni slices. Staff was friendly, and the local Weiss beer hit the spot.  Atmosphere was quite, but I was here during an off peck time; however the music selection was nice.
4	Garlic Buns: they look like garlic, cheese cinnamon buns; the filling is wrapped in the dough, then rolled into spirals and served with marinara. I didn't care for the sauce; it still had that "aluminum" taste (or maybe it's just me) that most places are able to mask a little better.Pepperoni pizza: we ordered the 1/4 sheet, the smallest pizza they serve, and it was still a little too much for the two of us. I really liked the toppings and the crust; the crust was chewy, buttery, and soft, the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges. I almost bought some pepperoni to take home, but it was something insane, like $10 for a pint. Yikes.The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another. I hate not having any time to enjoy my appetizer before my entree comes. It takes away from the appetizer. Everything was good, but not great. Pros:Cost effective. Good pizza. Cons: The furniture was a bit wobbly?
4	They have just about all the ingredients to be a success. Menu is great, they promote local breweries and the staff is friendly. The location is a little questionable. I am rooting that they can overcome that problem. It is clear that they use top quality ingredients in their pizza. Cheese that is soft and gooey, tomato sauce that your grandmother would envy and sausage that is superior to any chain store. I would also recommend the Hamslaw sandwich. A good old fashioned hero that you wont find anywhere else. My only complaint was that the dishes do not come out together. The server brings them out one at a time and it is awkward to have entrees for half the party and wait for the rest. (I have seen this complaint on another review)That should be easily corrected.
4	i saw the joint on Triple D a few years ago and decided to try it the next time i was in Vegas.  This weekend i was in Vegas and looked up the details.  I happen to see some negative reviews about the place so i called and spoke to the chef.  Satisfied that it was not terminal, i went to Paradise store with a buddy and ordered the Suicide Fries (OMG hot), two specialty pizzas and the Ma Burger.  Fries were too spicy for me to eat but tasty. The two specialty pizzas (chitown and the one featured on DDD, they were very very good.  The MA burger was insane and recommend it.  Give the place a try and ignore the negative postings.
1	Omg!wish I could give negative stars! Literally everyone who was in that restaurant just now looked just as pissed as me.thE food took FOREVER!!! From what my family got I mean...it was decent. ..just cuz I was starving....but I ordered a burger...I wish I could have an opinion about it but I never got it!!! The girl completely forgot and just said ohh sorry I thought I forgot something. they did nothing to.fix it! The food was fine but I would never come back due to the lack of attentiveness, horrific service and not to mention when I asked about the menu she had no clue..I'm done
1	WARNING: If you're a tourist who saw this place on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" and you are thinking about coming here, please think again.NOTE: If you're a local and want to check this place out, please do so at your own peril.The reason I make this distinction is that I saw a cab pull up with some diners, and I can only surmise that they were wary tourists who saw this place on "Triple D" and thought they'd try it out. If that's you, please save your cab fare (or at least spend it on a GOOD "Triple D" place, like Four Kegs) and go somewhere else. There are PLENTY of great restaurants in this city, but this ain't one of them.I've never given a one-star review, and I'm sad to give this one, but it sure is warranted. My husband and I arrived around 6:15 on a Saturday. There was only one other table of customers, and we had to be somewhere by 8, so we thought we were in good shape. The waitress came by and took our order, and I should have known we were in trouble when it took us 10 minutes to get our first beers. I watched the waitress pour our drafts, and she was having a hard time with it. How hard is it to pour a draft?! And she brought them out one at a time, telling us she was "still pouring" the other one. (?!)Then, we waited an hour to get our order: a "wee" portion of poutine and a "wee" Naked City pizza. I love poutine, but I'm not sure how mozzarella cheese and rosemary figure into the mix. Gravy on fries, yes, but the rest was just weird. And our pizza was certainly nothing to write home about. My husband is a professional cook, and he swears they used pre-packaged dough and canned or frozen toppings (pepperoni, sausage, and green olives). My palate is not that discerning, but I know a Tony's pizza knockoff when I taste it. SO disappointing!The wait was annoying, but it also didn't help that I had an Entertainment book coupon that I was going to use on the poutine, and it wasn't applied to the bill. (A whopping $4 savings, but still...) We didn't get our food until 7:30 and we had to scram to make our engagement, so I didn't stick around to quibble over the bill. I also didn't stick around to eat much of the food, because it wasn't much worth it anyway. One piece of "pizza" and I was done. Thank God we only ordered a small...The place filled up in the 90 minutes we were there, and I can only feel sorry for the other diners in the place -- especially the tourists who I hope don't judge our town by this sorry dining experience. I'm writing this review 9 hours later, and I just hope they're still not there waiting for their food...
2	Good poutine, good service, cheap greasy doughy pizza, really skimpy with toppings - that about sums it up, but keep reading if you feel like it. The poutine was pretty great and a steal for only $4 - fresh cut crispy fries with salty but good peppery gravy and generous amount of cheese. I could be wrong, but they seem to use mozzarella chunks, not cheese curds, which were also cold. The meal started out really well. Then came the pizzas...We got small Guinea and Back Home Pies. Online pricing is wrong btw they were $13 each not $12, but even the wee size was pretty big. You can easily feed 2 with the wee because of how filling the super thick crust is. It was like an equally greasy, but not as crispy version of Pizza Hut pan pizza. They're really generous with the cheese, but stingy as hell with the toppings. This 2nd location recently opened, but don't believe the older pics from the Arville location or their online menu pics, it's super misleading. What they show on one slice is about what you get on half the pizza. The Guinea pie had MAYBE half a meatball on the entire thing, but was loaded with ricotta, mozzarella and spinach. Really dumb because the meatball is cheaper than the cheeses. The moisture from all that spinach also made the crust really soggy. The Guinea sounded awesome, but wasn't. The garlic white sauce also was extremely bland. Back Home was a little better - crust was super crispy in the beginning, but soggy after the first piece. Again, really generous with cheese, and short on sausage and pepperoni. It was better than the Guinea, but still not very good - soggy pretty quickly and literally dripping with grease. Service was great even though there was only 1 person doing the counter, phone orders and playing waitress. She was sweet and attentive. Also their tables are ridiculously small. Do not sit at a 2 top because the pizza pan takes up basically the entire table. They need to invest in the stands that most other pizza places have. I would return for take out on poutine and to try their loaded fries, and maybe the sandwiches. But I am not at all a fan of their pizza. I'd recommend this place if you're with a group and looking for value, but keep in mind that you're only filling up on bread and grease. I'd rather pay more for a smaller, better quality pizza.
2	Had been looking forward to eating there. Was greeted by the woman at the counter, shown to a table, waited 15min then told the wait for pizza was 40. Server offered to call ahead to other location while we drove. There was no call. See other review for part 2. Poor planning on a busy evening.
1	Yelp is my go to for recommendations, but this is my first time writing a review. This was hands down THE worst dining experience I have ever had! I know, I know... I should have listened to the others, so I really have no one to blame but myself, but we had an entertainment coupon and it was on DDD, so how bad could it be, right???  The first red flag should have been the guy alone PASSED OUT in the booth. The server said he was waiting for his party to arrive and acted like it was totally normal for someone to be sleeping, with their mouth wide open in a restaurant. Red flag number 2, besides him, there was only one other family in the restaurant, on a Saturday night at 5:45pm. We ordered our food (1 wee,1 not so wee, 1 salad, and 1 sausage sandwich) and then we waited. Red flag number 3, after we placed our order we had to give our dirty, paper menus to the people next to us that had just say down. I guess they didn't have enough to give them? Weird!!! After waiting 45 minutes we were starting to get really hungry and the restaurant was filling up. We asked about how much longer and the sever said any minute, but that they only had two ovens and there were a lot of orders. She laughed about it like it was a joke and when I said this is not funny, we are starving she said "it's my job to smile" in her snarkiest voice. This is when I started to lose my patience. My 4 year old was starving, (and at this point had eaten all of the snacks I had in my bag) as were the rest of us. When we ordered our food, we were the only table in the restaurant that had no food! The people next to us were already eating and I am pretty sure the guy passed out was not planning on eating. So why then was it taking 45 minutes to get our food!?!?  Finally 15 minutes later our salad came out, but we had no plates. Then one pizza came out, but not the other. The two other tables that came in after us got their pizzas before we got our second pizza and our sandwich!!! So half my family had no food! The other half couldn't eat anyway because they use so much cheese it took forever to cool off enough to be able to eat it. The service was terrible and my husband had to get up four different times to get napkins, knives, extra plates, and a box. The tables are also ridiculous. Every time one of us had to get up we had to move the table to be able to fit. We are regular sized people, but the tables are like picnic tables at a booth and the wood legs block you in. I have never had to move an entire table to be able to get out of my seat. When we were finally done no surprise the bill was wrong. They had said they would take off the sandwich because they messed it up (shocker) but it was still on the bill. As we got in the car to leave we all breathed a sigh of relief that dinner was over. I guess all you can do is laugh about it and of course "yelp" about it. Thanks for reading!
5	If I could give a higher rating I would! AMAZING pizza! I got the 51 and it was so good! I can't wait to go back for more! It's close to UNLV so I will be going for lunch all the time. The prices are great as well, large portions for a great price. I highly recommend Naked City Pizza, you will be very pleased!
5	Great to find a pizza place that doesn't have the typical, bland, pizza flavor. We started with the house salad which amazingly had spinach. The dressing was ultimate. Never tasted a dressing like that before. Already looking forward to the next visit. The pizza had a unique flavor and the toppings were fresh and tasty. Beef and sweet peppers on a delicious crust. Service is fast and pleasurable. Definitely the best pizza in the area. Easy parking too.
5	Had the "Back Home" pizza and it was fantastic! The loaded potato fries were great as well. Waitress was a bit distracted with her friends at another table but overall I'd be back. :)
5	Omg.  That was excellent pizza.   We ordered a not so wee pizza so we could bring some home, but we couldn't stop eating it.   We also ordered the poutine fries.  The gravy was also amazing.   We will be making this a regular stop whenever we are in Las Vegas.
5	Not real poutine (beef gravy with cheese curds....) but very tasty.  Naked salad was outstanding with mounds of delicious roasted peppers.  Wings are big and juicy. Medium buffalo sauce is really mild but very authentic like Anchor Bar. Naked City Pizza was clearly our favorite, excellent crust, pepperoni was juicy with curled edges, marinated meatballs were spicy. Great value and excellent flavor.
4	Pizza crust was a little too thick for me, but there poutine and suicide fries are killer and garlic knots are to die for. FYI they don't have booster or high chairs for kids so come prepared for that. Overall it was good good and nice atmosphere.
4	Nice crispy pizza crust, nice selection of craft beers on tap and decent cheap prices. This was my first visit to this location and I was as pleased with it as i was with the other location. The inside is nice but it does look like an office building on the outside. I'll be back for sure
3	I met three others yesterday to do a tasting of various dishes Naked City has to offer.  Let me first let people know, this is not the location where Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives filmed the segment of the show.  That location is on the west side and is named Naked City Pizza on Arville.  I was wrong in thinking this was the place and I was given the correct information by a fellow diner.We rodered 5 things from the menu before dessert and asked the server to bring them in a certain order.  She did that perfectly! First up, we had an order of roasted garlic buns served on the house sauce.  Along with this, we got an order of chicken wing dip served with grilled, herb flat bread.  The garlic buns were good and the sauce was tasty.  The buns are filled with cheese.  Don't think of the traditional garlic knots if you order this.  I would have liked more garlic flavor--that was lacking.  The chicken wing dip was very good.  Pieces of boneless chicken in a very cheesy sauce with a modicum of heat.  The flat bread was firm enough to allow you to spread the chicken on it.Next up, we got an order of Running egg carbonara and a sandwich that's their take on Croque-madame.  I don't remember it's name.  The Running egg carbonara had pieces of pancetta in the pasta and we broke the egg on top and mixed it in the warm pasta.  A very good dish.  The sandwich also had an egg on top that we pierced to drip down over the sauce.  The sandwich had ham and was topped with a cream sauce.  I thought this was OK. Finally, we got Guinea's pie, a pizza that was shown on the Triple D episode.  It's a pizza made with meatballs, spinach, ricotta, white garlic sauce and mozzarella cheese. The pizza was good but I found myself putting a fair amount of hot pepper flakes on my slices.  There was some good garlic flavor but I needed the added kick of the peppers.When faced with the question of ordering dessert, two of us succumbed.  We ordered the bag of zeppoles.  We were also brought an order of tiramisu which was the winner of the two.  The chocolate and lady fingers were placed on a base of very soft sponge cake that melted in your mouth.  Very good.  The zeppoles were good, too.  However, since the four of us were quite full at this time, I was tasked with bringing the zeppoles home.  It's a terrible thing but someone has to sacrifice.  I froze them and will bring them out for a dessert as the days go along.Overall, a good lunch with very good service.  Good company and good food make for a winning combination!
4	Items Selected:Chicken Wing Dip with Grilled FlatbreadGarlic Buns with Mozzarella and Red SauceRunny Egg Carbonara with PancettaHot Mama - Salami and Ham on House Baked Roasted Garlic Bread, baked with Provolone, Mozzarella, Alfredo and a fried eggGuinea's Pie - Meatballs, spinach, ricotta, white garlic sauce and mozzarella cheese (not so wee)Big Bag of BomboliniDeconstructed TiramisuAdmittedly more than a little surprised at how much I enjoyed my seminal visit to the original Naked City Pizza on Arville I knew it was only a matter of time before I visited Chris Palmeri's latest venture on Paradise and with old friends in town plus a 13-year local who has yet to experience the location at Moondoggies happy to meet for some afternoon eats I'm happy to say that while decidedly different in scene the new Naked City proved every bit as noteworthy as the first.  Still ostensibly a spot for locals but at the same time one more likely to generate tourist traffic given its locale it is obvious on entry that Naked City of Paradise is targeting a more family friendly vibe than the first and with clean lines, dark woods, and walls clad in old photos overlooking a fresh menu of specials serving to compliment the old favorites it was with some indecision that an order was cast; a half dozen items plus one on the house coursed out in four rounds by a young woman who outperformed the majority of her hospitality counterparts on The Strip.  Beginning with appetizers before moving to things more substantial it was with Sinatra playing just a bit too loudly that our first plates arrived and with the spicy dip teaming in buffalo sauce proving the superior of the pair along with housemade flatbread things would only improve from there, the second round featuring a pork packed spin on the Croque Madame beneath a blanket of garlic and cheese alongside fresh cut noodles served steaming hot to render its garnishing egg into a smooth, creamy sauce.  Having opted against the pie made famous by Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins my first go-around but this time unable to resist it was in the $21 'not so wee' half sheet of the Guinea's pie that we indulged next and although the supple meatballs and ample ricotta proved a stellar pairing to the lightly blistered, toothsome crust it was with full bellies and big smiles that we finally gave up - a quarter pie carried home by a friend along with nearly a pound of tender bombolini that we fool heartedly ordered to finish only to be surprised by a complimentary order of the chocolate gilded and feather-light tiramisu, as well.
4	Located down the road from the Hard Rock, this is a LV must. First the prices will make you smile if you have been eating on the strip of a casino. Now its not papa john prices, but once you have a taste you know why.We started with Garlic Roles and they are great. soft stringy cheese warm cheese inside and dip in sauce. We had the naked city a and Margarita Pizza 1/4 tray on each was more then enough for the four of us.You know a good  mozzarella  when it stretches more then a foot. All the topping are fresh tasting and full of flavor. Some might say there are not enough toppings, but their topping have a great full flavor you don't need it loaded. The crust was good and a perfect fit for the pizza, no issues here. Now it is a bit slow, but you are getting a true hand crafted Pizza, not a mega chain assembly line that is made for a 12 year soccer team party.
5	I figured I should write a review since I eat here prettttyyy much every day... anyway, it's all delicious. Hamslaw is my favorite thing on the menu (and the Poutine fries)... it took me forever to even try it. I don't know why. Chef Palmeri's specials are also always delicious... in fact, if you're reading this, sir... I think you should bring back the Reuben. Because I'm Irish and I said so. just kidding... well, I am, but I'm not... hehe. ;) Just a side note for fellow readers, it doesn't matter what day of the week it is, do yourself a favor and make a reservation either via phone or OpenTable, even if it's only 2 people. It does the servers a great deal of help in getting you in and out as it's not a restaurant with party rooms, like Round Table, for instance, that can just seat large parties on a whim. Especially since this restaurant was featured on Triple D (by that I mean it gets a lot of tourist traffic for that reason), and is the only one of two that allows children. :)
5	Our friends treated my wife and I here for our anniversary lunch and it was a super festive fourth of July!  Really, REALLY good pizza!!  I haven't had better in Las Vegas.  This is the real deal.  A small is plenty enough for two people.  Do yourself a favor and save room for some garlic knots, OMG!  Divine!  Two thumbs WAY up for this place!
4	Visiting from Los Angeles, had to try another Diners, Drive-ins & Dives restaurants....this is not the location they filmed at, very close to strip...we were not disappointed!! Great pizza! The crust is amazing! Very thick and filling.  Fries are awesome! My son wanted to order some to go. LOL My other son had the chicken parm sandwich and loved it! Wanted to tell the owners how much he loved it! He just happened to be there watching the Buffalo Bills game...it's a Bills Bar! We went here on our 1st day of our trip and we will be back before we leave! Thanks for the awesome food and service!!
5	Some friends in town wanted some hot wings & I knew right where to go for them. They were definitely pleased with my choice. The pizza is some of the best in town. The peppers appetizers were SOOOO good. The fries are really good. I have also tried the open face steak sandwich and that is good also. Never had a bad meal there for sure.
5	I can't speak for service since I order to go but the food is excellent.  Definitely worth a visit.
2	My sister raved about this place being so good and seeing it on triple D, but I beg to differ... we went here while my family and I took a little mini vacation to Vegas before the kids started school.  I didn't like anything we ordered,  the Sicilian wings were flavor less no hint of lemon what so ever. The white pizza we ordered was way too oily and seemed uncooked in the middle of the pizza. We also ordered garlic fries that could have been fired a little longer, I could keep going but I won't... I will not be ever returning to this established ever. The waitress was nice and helpful,  the sun was hitting us straight in the face and she did everything possible to shade us by putting pizza boxes up on the windows.
4	Atmosphere - simple. Tables are low so it is hard to move in and out from under them.Were the only ones in the shop at 5:30 on a Sunday but by the time we left it got busy. Food - shared the chicken wing dip. Very good. Nice chunks of chicken and the cheese to buffalo sauce ratio is good. A little greasy but the super fluffy and soft dough you dip it in is from the angels :)Also had a slice of cheese pizza ( we do this across many pizza platforms to gauge quality ). A good mix of cheese flavors. Cannot go wrong with it.Shared the 1/3 sheet guinea pie. Not overly garlicy and a good helping of their ricotta on the fluffy dough. The meat is also not super spicey (which I enjoy). A quality pizza with good ingredients. Cannot find this in a typical cheese or pepperoni joint.
1	I am not sure where to start. We started off by ordering beer. Their selection is horrible. Really?? Molson is like your profiled beer? We then ordered some garlic knots. 20 min later they came out in a pool of flavorless marinara sauce. The dough was also flavorless. We then ordered 2 of the smaller pizzas, the Guinea Pie and my friends ordered some arugula pizza with an egg on it. When the waitress brought the arugula/egg pizza out, she started smearing the egg all over it with a fork....and she kept smearing.....and smearing....it was so unappetizing. I took a bite and I'm not even kidding...I thought I was going to gag. It was salty...and tasted like a stink bomb. If you want good pizza, go to Metro or Grimaldis. Hell...I think Dominoes would have been better and that pizza is terrible. My friend decided to take the left overs...I made him put the box in the trunk of my car. When I dropped him off I opened the trunk and I swear I thought Tony Soprano hid a body in there. Ack. Oh! I forgot to add that the waitress brought us the pizza that belonged to the people next to us. When she realized it, my husband was already dishing up a slice and she ran to him, slapped his hand off of it, took it back, and served it to it's rightful owners!! You can't make this up.
3	Cool location near Thomas & Mack.The pizza is good, and has lots of topping options. I really liked the dough-y crust, but my husband wasn't a fan. Depends on your preference.Props for offering local (local Vegas and local Buffalo) beers, but with such a small selection, I couldn't really find one I liked.Prices are good and they have really great specials during NFL games.The tables are low and the chairs are high. So much so that you can't fit your legs underneath. Annoying. On this same note, the decor inside is really simple (no problem there), but it also borders on uncomfortable. Add that to the fact that there's only 2 tvs, and you're not exactly gonna go here to hang out and watch football.
5	This place makes the best pizza and wings I've ever had. I get the wings mild with a bleu cheese sauce and it is perfect. Not too much sauce and not too salty. The wings have a lot of meat on them, which makes it a really good buy. What really stands out is the pizza. This is premium pizza with generous toppings. I've had the slice of the day which you can't get on the menu. So far I've had taco, chicken finger, chicken parmesan, and a couple of others but they were all excellent. I love love love the slices of the day but I also like the traditionals like pepperoni and sausage. The slices are so big and filling. I had only one type I didn't like, and that's cause I don't like horseradish. I can't remember the name but it wasn't too bad. The customer service can improve a little, but rarely do I come to Vegas and get great customer service anywhere. They have two locations and this location is much more generous with the toppings so I only come here. I come here each time I'm in Vegas because I haven't found better wings and pizza! Tip: Get the Parmesan cheese with your pizza. It's good enough to eat on its own!
5	I brought my husband and daughter to Naked City Pizza for lunch and was very impressed with the food.. I ordered loaded cheese fries minus the bacon and sour cream.. Absolutely delicious... The pizza is amazing as well!!!! You have to come here for lunch, the prices are great and the food is even better!!!
4	I really enjoyed the pizza (again) but the service is always lacking (we've visited both locations once each).  I would rather order the pizza for pickup so I dont have to deal with the lack of service.
2	This was our first experience at this location.  We had been to other place and the pizza was amazing but service was beyond horrible.  Had some friends in town and good pizza seemed like the common thought, we came here to get a good pizza that wasn't a 'normal chain' type place.  We ordered two pizza's and they were both just ok, and the staff here was not as bad as the other location but it amazes me in such a small place such as this that your drinks being empty for extended periods of time as well as the one waitress not being seen in the dining room for extended periods of time.  I will order to go from the other location before I do this stop again.  I'm assuming the drinking and the proximity to UNLV is what keeps this location open.
4	The food was great - we ordered WAY too much of it, but we couldn't resist the garlic knots or the fries with gravy.  The waitress was awesome.  If I lived in Vegas, I would definitely go back.
5	The food here is amazing! It's always a debate between this location and the original, because the food is great at both, but the other one is inside a bar. If you want no cigarettes, quiet relaxed restaurant, come to this location. If you want a good place to watch a game, with a full bar, etc then go to the other location.No matter which location you choose, the food will be delicious! I know their highlight is the pizza, but don't be afraid to try out some of the daily specials too. Chris is an actual chef, not just a pizza cook. He always has interesting items that include things like homemade pasta, truffles etc. Go for it!
5	Amazing pizza and wings. Staff was also great. This location is more chill & faster than the location on Arville. Needs a bigger sign though because everyone needs to know about this place.
5	I live half way across the country and Naked City is a must do destination as anything in Vegas for me. That Guinea pie is indescribably good and the buffalo wings were awesome
5	There's nothing really that bad I can say about Naked City Pizza. There are only a few times where they either had to make an ingredient for a certain dish or either warm up the oven for pizza but I wouldn't give that much blame because I show up usually right when I get on lunch from work which is the time they open, 11am. But other than that great food, and the lady is always nice and treats customers very professionally and courteous. Make sure to call up or look at their social network accounts to find their later-in-the-day specials that don't make it to their regular menus. Really affordable for the items they offer.
5	I've lived in Vegas for a little over a year now, and up until this point, was disappointed with all of the pizza places I've been to. For the most part, the local places all serve pizza with really thin crust, but I like a med or thick crust pizza. Naked City Pizza is the first place I've been to that had a really good medium thickness crust, and the sauce is great as well. I usually just get plain cheese, and I get the "Not so wee" size, which is pretty big and goes for $13.00. I've also tried their pizza that had veggies and white sauce, it was pretty good, but I'm not a huge fan of white sauce. I've also tried their suicide fries a couple times. I'm a fan of freakishly spicy food, I think they taste great, and I give it around a 7 on the heat scale. The staff is also very friendly, and the service is prompt. I live walking distance, so I usually call ahead of time, and my order is ready within 10 minutes of me placing it. Naked City Pizza is highly recommended and by far my favorite pizza in Las Vegas.
4	I have to say my experience here was great! Collen took good care of me ( shes super cute too) i rocked the Guinea Pie and it was outstanding , do the 1/4 sheet and get a box. Not traditional but still very flavorful and super chill atmosphere. Ill be back !
5	Let's go Buffalo!!!    The pizza is massive and delicious even a few days later.  I walked by here many times coming back from the Double Down Saloon and I finally stopped in.   For twenty five bucks I got an extra large cheese pizza that was the size of an electric football field to take on the plane home.  I ate a piece waiting for my taxi and when I got into the cab it smelled so good the cab driver pulled over and said that either I gave him a piece or I had to get out and walk.  I gave him two. At TSA they jokingly said that the pizza was too big to go through security but they would happily help make it smaller so that it would fit.  I got on the plane and put it in the overhead bin.  When I got home to Oakland I reheated it in the oven and it was amazing. Had it for breakfast the following morning.  Lunch, then dinner, then lunch and dinner again.  The place has a picture of Alexander Mogilny on the wall, which is amazing even if you don't know who he is.  They serve Genesee cream ale which is reason enough to visit.  Let's go Buffalo indeed.  Can't wait to return.
1	Naked City Pizza? Does the "Naked" in the name refer to the emperor's new clothes? Because I honestly don't get the hype about this place...I've tried it three times...three strikes...and never again.The first time, I didn't go into the actual restaurant but ordered from the Office Bar next door. I paid around $14 for what was supposed to be a pastrami, mozzarella and pesto sandwich, with a side of fries. The bartender who took my order and brought my food told me the guy said they ran out of fries. No substitution was offered, a portion of my money wasn't returned. The person in the restaurant wouldn't open the door to talk to me. The sandwich itself was smaller than I thought it would be given the price. The meat was cut a bit too thick. There was a tiny bit of cheese, and the amount of pesto was so  miniscule that I didn't see the point of it even being there...it was so bland it didn't even add anything to the sandwich.On my second visit....I ordered from the Office Bar again, this time, the sandwiches weren't advertised as coming with any sides. I got a meatball sub.... It was really interesting to say the least. Parts of the bread were burnt...There was hardly any cheese...the sauce was cold. The pieces of meatball themselves ranged from semi frozen to luke warm....They had the consistency of mashed potatoes and tasted somewhat akin to processed gyro "meat" product. I noticed people in the bar throwing much of their pizzas away, and being told that the safest bets from Naked City Pizza are the fries, wings and chicken fingers...On my third visit...I made it to the restaurant itself. I was greeted by a blonde ogre with the grace and femininity of a female Nazi concentration camp guard...while a man I recognized as being one of the regulars who dig through local dumpsters, was sweeping the kitchen floor, his face redolent of an alcoholic's glow, and his pants falling down. Another wannabe valkyrie was complaining about her job and took a cigarette break, while a morbidly obese couple sat  there amidst the dirty tables and refuse ridden floor, contemplating....consuming the two large pizzas set before them at a sloth like pace. I was sober....I had my dignity, I walked out... Never again.Later on, I found out that Naked City Pizza was featured on Channel 13's Dirty Dining...I wasn't at all surprised....had I known that beforehand, I would have never bothered...
4	I dare say the food at this location is better than at moondoggies. Boyfriend and I had wee guinea pizza, poutine, and wings after a 7 mile bike ride. Everything was fantastic and the server gal was pleasant. I was bummed about the beer selection (i had two in mind from their list but both were out) but had a Canadian beer that the gal recommended in lieu and I was pleasantly surprised. -1 star for draft beer being something in the range of 7$ a piece!!!
4	The food here is a 5. The service is a 3. There was one server and even though she was super nice she was struggling despite there only being 6 of us in the restaurant. They were out of draft beer and she didn't really know what they had in bottles. Cans of beer were delivered unopened with no offer of a glass. We had the poutine fries and a pizza. The fries were delicious and had the perfect amount of toppings, there was gravy in every bite. The 1/4 tray pizza had 6 huge slices. The crust was slightly thicker than I prefer but it was cooked perfect and had just the right amount of sauce. Oh, and the restaurant was so hot, it was borderline miserable.
3	my only complaint is customer service,they were very slow to take the order, never checked on us to see how it was and I had to find an employee for the check.keep in mind it was my boyfriend and I and only one other couple in the entire place. So there should not be any excuses there.As for the food. BOMB. A+
5	I seen this dive on Triple D. Started out going to the wrong place the one on Arville not meant for kids, but the were courteous and pointed us in the right direction to the place on Paradise. We drove by it the first time. It is kind of hidden but on one way street on left hand side, and if you take the first left to go around the block, then technically you're there, just need to pull in liquor store parking lot. Anyway, we walked in, maybe a bad sewage day, but it smelled really bad and it almost turned us around, but we stuck it out. We ordered the Guinea Pie, it was awesome, crust was amazing. The sizes are strange, but waitress very courteous and explained the sizes to us, so we ordered the half wee and it still took us 3 days to eat the rest. My son ordered couple of cheese slices, was so good that when he brought it home, he actually ate his leftovers. My opinion, service was no less or more than I would I would expect anywhere else. The food we ordered was awesome. I would totally recommended it!! Oh yea it is a Buffalo Bills place on Sundays or Game Days
2	I dont know what people are talking about. Save your time and money, go to Pizza Rock. Service was ok. Margherita pizza was a mockery of that style of pizza. The naked city pizza was ok.
4	This was a great pizza, period. Had the back home and it was simple and that's just what it needed to be. The crust was a perfect thickness but still crispy. Here is my my only complaint. The signage SUCKS!!! Being a tourist makes it nearly impossible to see unless you drive around a bit.
5	I just kept eating & eating, I'm going to need my fat pants next time. We had the fatboy pizza with added pineapple & mushrooms so good, lots of flavor. We had the medium but they have a 30" big pie for all your friends. The staff friendly and helpful. It's a true bar with lots of locals. Try the pie it's no Pizza Hut! Thank god.
