5	From a recommendation from one of my co-workers and one from the fiance finally sparked my interest enough to try The Human Bean.  I pretty much procrastinated going here and thought the drinks can't be any better than any other coffee house.  I was wrong, The Human Bean makes some fine drinks!  Unlike Starbucks, their drinks do not have the acidic taste left behind and are on the sweeter side.  Every sip of my (caramel hazelnut mocha--hot) was delectable and smooth.  The fiance even commented how delicish it was.I wish the store had a dine-in option because then I could stand there with a glazed over look, take my time, and drool all myself while looking at their menu; you know how it looks, just like everybody at McDonald's who is placing their order at the counter--they know exactly what's on the menu, yet choose to stare at it dumbfoundedly, thinking something has changed.  Hence, the only ways to make your order at The Human Bean is walk-up or drive-thru.  Getting back to the menu, there are an assortment of options of hot, cold, and frozen drinks!  Unfortunately, the menu is a tid bit vague and doesn't describe the ingredients in their specialty drinks.   For instance, what is the "Human Bean Supreme", or "Snowy Mocha" or "Mexican Mocha?"  Luckily, the staff is very friendly and will answer your questions respectfully.  And for the icing on the cake, with each drink ordered, you get a chocolate covered coffee bean that tastes bombtastic!
5	Okay, I am addicted. Actually, I've been addicted ever since the first time they put that little chocolate covered espresso bean on top of my drink. This place is amazing. The specialty drinks are delicious, the coffee is great, and the atmosphere in this small little drive-thru is better than most big name coffee houses in town. The atmosphere has a direct connection to the staff. They are warm and friendly, and since I force my addictions on my husband, they also greet us like we're family. The Human Bean gives customers punch cards to earn free drinks and hand out dog treats to the extra special four-legged coffee connoisseur. Never before have I been so grateful for my inability to make coffee I really enjoy at home. Thank goodness they are only a short drive down the road!
5	I am completely addicted and cannot bring myself to go back to starbucks after tasting the deliciously smooth coffee concoctions at the human bean. With so many more interesting coffee combos like the yummy caramel hazelnut mocha or the meximocha ( a delicious coffee take on Mexican hot chocolate) I was impressed at the first bite of the custom chocolate covered espresso bean. There is none of the acidic after taste found at competitors coffee joints. The only draw back is e lack of a drink/eat in option. Verdict: must go! You'll be hooked gauranteed!
5	I am loving this place and have already stopped by twice this week! The Human Bean is a drive-thru only drink stand that is located right next to the Shell gas station. I like how they have a variety of drinks - coffee, smoothies, granitas, and even a kid's menu. I have tried two drinks so far. The Iced Caramel Mocha was a little too sweet for my liking but it was still pretty good. On my second visit, I wasn't in the mood for coffee so I ordered a Strawberry Smoothie, which tasted great! The next time I am in the area, I want to try the Espresso Granita. I love how they give you a chocolate covered coffee bean with your drink! What a great bonus, it will make you smile for sure!! Be careful not to drop it though, as they place it right on top of the lid of your drink. The employees are very nice and friendly. They gave me a punch card. Buy 10 drinks, get a 16 oz. drink for free! Wednesdays are double punch days.  This is such a great place, I'll be back soon for sure!
5	My new favorite coffee place!!  We found this place on accident a few weeks ago....and I'm sure glad we did.  I was craving the delicious coffee and chocolate covered espresso bean this morning, so we drove 10 minutes across town to get drinks.  It's that good!  Yes, there are other coffee places we drove by on the way, but the Human Bean is top notch.  The convenient drive thru and friendly staff makes it that much better.  If you're in the area definitely give it a try; they have a variety of coffee and non-coffee beverages...you won't be disappointed.
5	The coffee is awesome! & with those prices?! I got their iced white mocha. It was delicious! To say the least! Other places make their white mochas really sweet! This place really stays true to the coffee flavor. They even put a little chocolate covered cocoa bean on top! The staff is very sweet, & outrageously friendly. They answer any questions you might have, & seem really happy working there. This place has a drive thru on both sides of the coffee shop, so it's very convenient no matter which entrance you enter from.Great prices, friendly staff, convenient, & awesome coffee.
5	The coffee is great, but the staff is really what makes this place. Everyone is really friendly and helpful. If you aren't sure what you want or just want to have a chat, they'll be there to help you out. They have car decals and antenna adornments too! The coffee is stellar, far better than Starbucks. They have a punch card system and they'll even hold on to your card for you in their file box. In addition, they are really fast and the chocolate covered espresso bean is awesome.
5	Very friendly staff!! The girl recommend a Mexican mocha and it was amazing
5	THE best place for coffee! I searched through Las Vegas trying to find a great place to grab a drink and my co-worker recommended me this place. I LOVE their drinks the staff is very friendly and recommend drinks to you. I love the chocolate covered coffee bean included with the drinks. I prefer this place out of any cafe!
5	I've been meaning to review this place for a while now.  It's amazing.   It's Addictive.  You've been warned.Staff is awesome- they remember you (or just my husband and me because we're constantly there!) and they're very friendly.And the drinks! Ohhhh the drinks!  Delightful! Move over Starbucks.  Their Coconut Almond Mocha is THE BOMB.  Hot or cold, delicious.  I've had some others there too- the caramel mocha is good, Mexican mocha is yummy too.  And you can't beat the little chocolate covered coffee bean they give you.  Well played, Human Bean, well played.I go out of my way just to get coffee from them.  They're wonderful. Support them.
5	nicest baristas in town.  THE best specialty drinks.  AND they sell chocolate covered coffee beans!
5	best coffee EVER!!! we ordered a hot chocolate almond mocha and a blended Mexican mocha. both were so delicious! and the lid on the hot mocha has an open-closed "switch" so you can open and close the sipping hole!service was also excellent and they even give you a chocolate covered coffee beam with each drink!
5	Everyone is right when they say this place is addicting! It's also quite dangerous that it's close to my house!I've been here 3 times this week and and planning to go back tomorrow!I've only tried 2 things so far. Iced chai is delicious! I also tried the blended Mexican mocha. It was perfectly blended and a great balance between the deep chocolate flavor and coffee and just that hint of cinnamon. I like my "coffee" drinks to not really have that bitter coffee taste, I know that sounds silly. This place does exactly that. I'm sure they have great pure/black coffee for the coffee purist too. My boyfriend had an iced Coconut Almond Mocha, it still had that "coffee" taste but the other flavors shined as well. I had a lemon poppy seed muffin top too and that was so good! Moist and the glaze made a great crust on the top.The prices are GREAT for the quality, flavor and service you get. Keep it up guys!The staff is friendly and QUICK. They don't make you feel rushed when you're trying to make a decision, which I'm sure they get a lot since this place is fairly new.After my last handful of disappointing experiences at my favorite place, Coffee Bean, I am so glad to have found this place. I can't' wait to try other drinks!
5	When I go to a coffee joint, I don't get fancy with my drink. A simple mind gets a simple drink.  Depending on how much "oomph" I need in my morning, I  either go with a regular coffee or green tea.  It's good to know that the friendly folks at The Human Bean make a great green iced tea that can help get me going on these hot Vegas mornings.The service is probably some of the best that I've ever had in a coffee shop. Though I was new, the barista made sure my order was crafted to how I wanted it. Leave the tea bags in the cup? Sure. Honey? Just a dab. Also, they use Stash Green Tea, to which the finished product comes out a light, clear refreshing green. Plus, it doesn't get too bitter if it is over steeped. Not bad, since I have this stuff sitting in my car during commute. It's a fairly light and refreshing tea.I've had the Kahlua Madness on another visit, which turned out to be pretty awesome. For those coffee drinkers that like to satisfy the sweet tooth, while getting a caffeine fix in one blow, you can't go wrong with this.Couple some of the most friendly service with some great drinks, and you've got yourself a real winner. Caffeine may have some hold on me, but the whole package offered at The Human Bean is what keeps me coming back for more.Notes:-They have punch cards to reward regulars with free drinks.-I was greeted with a $1 off coupon for being a newbie.-You get a chocolate covered espresso bean with each order. Tasty.
5	1) Great coffee2) Double drive through3) Friendly staff4) Chocolate coated coffee bean with every cup!'nuf said :)
4	Needed a coffee badly while on the corner of Russel and Ft. Apache, saw this little place by the Shell gas station that read "Human Bean" interesting I thought, pulled up to the window and told the sweet girl with purple hair that it was my first time and asked what was good. She was great, I told her I like my coffee disguised, not a big straight up coffee fan, she recommended a Granita (hopefully that's the correct spelling) Carmel, white choc late macadamia nut snowy... I'M ADDICTED! I wish it was closer I'd be there every day. Hopefully the same girl will be there so I can try another flavor, Oh and when I finished my drink, a sweet surprise, a chocolate coffee bean in the bottom of my cup,that awaited to be consumed.
5	Spotted this place last week while we were on the way to Waffles Cafe and made a comment" "what a weird name, kinda creepy don't ya think?"I decided to yelp it today to see what is it about and I have to say, the reviews were so great that I have to take a detour to check this place out. Like another yelper had said, there are two drive thru lane, each going a different direction. Very convenient. When I pulled up, I was greeted by a cute and friendly barista. She was super helpful. I ordered the Mexican mocha granita and the APB (acai, pomegranate, blueberry) smoothie, 12 Oz each, and the total came out to be a little less than $6. The Mexican mocha was really really (yes, I wrote "really" twice) good. Starbucks who? It has the perfect amount of chocolate, coffee, and cinnamon. The APB smoothie was good, but the Mexican mocha was better.  I also received a punch card where I will get a free 16 Oz drink after buying 10 drinks, along w/$1 off card on my next visit. Oh..and yes, the chocolate covered coffee bean that is given for each drink was the icing on the cake for me.   :). I will probably go back tomorrow to get me another Mexican mocha granita.  It's sooooo good. I am addicted to the human bean!!!!!
5	Really gooD!
5	I've wondered about this drive-thru coffee place for awhile after driving past it on multiple occasions. Finally decided to Yelp it and obviously there are great reviews for this place so we had to try it. I got an iced chai latte and my friend got a green tea smoothie with whipped cream. They were both amazing and we'll definitely be coming back here again.
4	This place is just a shack in the middle of a parking lot, but it was good.  I liked the girl that was there because I ordered an iced green tea latte and the way she made it wasn't very good and we both agreed, so she re made it for me a different way for no charge.Although it's just a shack and no actual dining or anything, I'd go back on occasion.
5	I love this place... feel like coffee but not wasting crazy amounts of $$ go here. They have good coffee, smoothies and always good service.
5	In search for the best frozen coffee beverage; Their Java Chip definitely tops my list. Surpassed my expectations! No excuses; just get here!Okay, downside is that you can't come in and sit; but its Vegas... don't you have places to be?
5	Let's start off by saying the barista was very friendly. Explained the punch card and double punch Wed.Turtle Prailine Hot Chocolate my daughter ordered was fantastic!!!Hubby and I got regular coffee with an add shot of caramel...very very good. All came with a little chocolate coverd coffee bean, yummo.The topper for me was the doggie treat my pup recieved just because.I know where I will be getting coffee tomorrow. :)
3	Had the snowy mocha, it still can't beat Starbuck's white mocha. I will go down the menu until I find what I like. Maybe then this place will earn another star or 2 from me.
4	How can you not frequent a store with "Human" in its name? It is one of my favorite words. This quaint little drive thru only coffee/tea/smoothie/tea/snack shack is a great place to get your daily fix of whatever it is you're addicted to. The staff oh so patiently waits as you read their extensive menu, filled with sweet coffee treats and blends. In the summer I drank a fair share of Mexican Mocha's. YUM. It's made with cacao so it's not super sweet, which I appreciate in a coffee drink. If I wanted dessert I would order it. Cut to the Muddy. White chocolate and dark chocolate mixed (hence mud) it tastes like heaven. They also have chai, all kinds of other teas and their regular coffee is great too. Bold and tasty. One of the best parts of the experience is the little chocolate covered espresso bean. I'm not ashamed to admit that there have been times it has rolled off of my coffee lid and I've picked it up off my floor mat. Don't you judge me! 5 second rule! So word to wise, throw it in your gullet before you pull away, they're fast little suckers. Super nice people and fast service makes this place a win in my book!
5	I already established that I love this place but I gained a new reason when I saw the bountiful list of sugar free syrup options. They go beyond the vanilla, caramel, and cinnamon options of most places. Their list is extensive and boasts at least15 sugar free options (I am not certain about how many). The almond rocca was referred to me by one of the employees and was delicious. I also appreciate that they have almond milk as an option in addition to soy. Being health conscious I struggle with my need for caffeinated concoctions but the Human Bean makes it very easy to find something to fit in any lifestyle. I will continue to be a huge fan!!!
5	Coffee is delicious and the service is always friendly. They always make me feel welcome. Can't say enough good things about the service. A little chocolate covered espresso bean with your drink is a nice touch.Double sided drive though keeps the customers flowing with ease.One of the only places on my side of town that has a good variety of sugar free flavors for the coffee.
4	I'm obsessed with the iced human bean supreme. Coffee with a vanilla mocha syrup which is perfectly but not overly sweet (stir a little before you drink).  I've gone through 3 punch cards in the past 2 months (which is not a lot for some coffee drinkers but I brew at home in the mornings, so this is my afternoon treat). The people are always super friendly and i love the complimentary chocolate covered espresso bean you get with each drink!TIP: Wednesday is double punch day!
5	Friendly staff, and great coffee.  The prices are likely great - including the coffee punch card.  I'd much rather support The Human Bean over Starbucks, anyday!
5	The Human Bean has some freaking kick ass coffee served from a tiny little building.  It reminds me of the old in-n-out's with the dual-drive through.The staff is very friendly and happy. I would not be happy working in a building the size of a photo-mat but these guys are. Kudos on that!Their coffee sizes are single, double, triple and quad, but they really need to add a sextuplet sized coffee. The Mexi-Mocha is so good its like liquid crack and a quad is just not enough of a hit in the morning. Five Stars!
5	I love when I'm in the neighborhood -- great service and a delish brew!
5	Their Mexican Mocha is my ideal coffee! Service is friendly, and I have to admit that I do love the chocolate covered espresso bean.
5	the human bean is hands down the best coffee place in vegas....and do i dare say its the best coffee place EVER? even tho i worked at a coffee shop!? hmmmm, dont know who might be reading this review but you probably get my drift right!? service every time we go here is always amazing. if we lived in vegas, we'd be here multiple times a day. i might be part mexican by now with all the blended mexican mochas ive ordered. they are SO good. best coffee drink ive ever had. and they can even make it decaf for you prego women too! awesome? i think SO!
1	WAYY too much sugar!!!! I'm sorry for all of those who love this place. I went here because I wanted something nice and cool on a hot day. I ordered the green tea blended drink, and got my friend the lemonade. They were disgusting and tasted like I was drinking liquid sugar. I haven't had their regular coffee, so I cannot say anything about that, but, their blended drinks were awful.
5	Awesome customer service. Love all the choices. Favorite, chai tea latte!
5	Had my first Human Bean this morning and I was impressed. Service was very pleasant which is always a good way to start anyone's morning. I'm just a coffee and cream drinking and I really enjoyed the taste. I love the lid on my cup. No way was any coffee spilling out!  The chocolate covered espresso bean was a nice touch. I will be returning
5	Yelp 365 Challenge #142/365 (Las Vegas Adventures: The Hunt for Coffee)My husband is a coffee fanatic and is a big fan of Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Since we weren't familiar with the Las Vegas area, I yelped the nearest coffee joints around our vacation rental instead of hunting for Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.Enters in: Human BeanWhile my husband was playing pool in the den area, I  read aloud the reviews to my husband suggesting that we sneak away since the rest of the household were still asleep! (Yes, parents with young adults do sneak away because they will end up ordering for everyone on our own money!)Location: Easy to find on Fort Apache! Remember those little houses in the parking lot that you used to drop off your camera film (Note: This is only for people who were born before the 1980's) to develop? Well, Human Bean is located in a little house in the middle of a parking lot AND you drive up to place your order.Service: EXCELLENT. The baristas (or should I say window ladies?) were very friendly as we gave our order AND they also gave a candy coffee bean on top of the coffee. The lids are pretty neat because it had a little open and close lever to prevent any spilling as you drive (I can see why because the speed limit was higher here than Hawaii!).Menu: Pretty interesting because of the different names and types of coffee or beverage they serve. I wanted to try the Mexi-Mocha but I never got the chance to return here :(Price: Your typical coffee and tea prices.Recommendation: HIGH RECOMMENDATION if you are looking to branch away from Starbucks or other Coffee establishments.Nevertheless, my husband was satisfied as we drove on because I located a Jamba Juice that was 3-4 miles down the road when lo and behold...there was a grand opening of a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf right next to the Jamba Juice. But, that is another story.A Very Random Thought: Who uses GPS? I will only use a Tom Tom and no other because the one that my husband attempted to use while on vacation was irritating since we would drive past the Freeway cutoff and had to do a U-turn!Thus, my going back to Google Maps and doing it the old fashioned way of looking for a restaurant, store, or community centers.
5	The human bean is hands down the best Coffee Pit Stop in Las Vegas. You must try the Mexi-Mocha! Freaking Fantastic!  All the five star reviews are well deserved. Bravo..The human bean... Bravo!
5	I'm a believer. This is some of the best, and fastest, coffee I've had in general. Very friendly staff, and you get the chocolate covered espresso bean! What more could you want?
4	Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Only thing that takes them down is the price.
2	Wow the only reason I went here was because of all the positive reviews! I just went here this morning and ordered the iced Mexi mocha and 10 minutes after drinking it and STILL right now more than 8 hours later, my stomache is churning. I've felt like crap all day and I'm sure it was expired milk. The Mexi mocha did NOT taste good. It had a weird powder after taste, which was disappointing because so many reviewers said it was delicious. Maybe I just got a new barista or something. I will give it one more chance, but maybe check the dates on the milk?
3	I like having an alternative to Starbucks and Coffee Bean when I want some caffeine fix. I'm glad I found out about Human Bean from a friend semesters ago. Now that I live in the neighborhood, I wouldn't mind frequenting this drive-thru coffee place. The first time I was here the barista was definitely friendly and bubbly. However, the last two times I've been here the lady in there was looking a little tired and lacking in energy. I've tried their green tea smoothie, iced mexi mocha, and caramel hazelnut latte, and all of them tasted really good. I try to go more than one visit before writing a review so that I could get a better, overall, opinion about the place. After three visits, however, I'm still unsure about some things. I know someone mentioned about how they got an upset stomach after ordering from here, and I've experienced it twice already. So that's my main concern here. If I were to rate just by the drinks itself, I definitely think this place is A+ however, it would be nice for the business to fix some minor issues. I don't mind coming back and see some improvements, but for now I give it 3.5 stars.
4	After a bad experience from Perfect Scoop and Boba due to the perverted Chinese dude behind the counter my Asian ass went straight here and got snowy mocha instead. Yes it's a drive thru but customer service with a smie & it is great. Price is a bit expensive but it's a good change from Starbucks or Coffee Bean. I will definitely go back.
5	Great coffee and fast service! I'd be back her again
4	Coffee addict.  4 years and still going strong.I love coffee I have no idea what got me started on coffee. I have to give this place kuddos though because their coffee is excelente.I just had a regular cup of Joe and the chocolated coated coffee bean for free. My friend had a Rockstar with fruitpunch in it. It was really good, the rockstar seemed a little pointless being that they already sell fruit punch Rockstars at your local stores.On the plus side they have double drive through. Prices seem way cheaper than Starbucks. Most importanly the staff is super duper diddly friendly :)Here comes debbie downer, the only reason why I can't give 5 stars is because their menu is so overwhelming. I didn't know what to get. There are way to many options maybe they can minimize or make the font on the menu larger. I can highly  recommend  you give it a try. If you love coffee and other fun drinks.
5	Best Coffee Shop In Las Vegas! I am sort of a Coffee snob, and would never give this high of rating to a Coffee Shop, but this place should get as much credit as possible! Upon arriving their Menu seems a little overwhelming especially with all the pictures on the windows however each time the super Friendly Barista's know exactly what im in the mood for, ive tried their Mexi Mocha, Irish cream breve, white chocolate snowy with Macadamia nut, each drink is well made with high quality ingredients, the staff is always friendly and very knowledgeable, most importantly their fast and getting your coffee fix fast is very important and they understand! This place is heaven for Coffee lovers, i push everyone to boycott Starfucks and expand Human Bean, its not just coffee its an experience!
4	The baristas are always extremely happy and their products reflect their energy. By far the best mexi-mocha I have had. Their prices are very competitve and stand behind high quality products. They offer almond or soy milk for non-dairy lovers. They have an excellent rewards program (punch card), honoring double punch Wednesdays. The only down fall is, it is a drive thru coffee shop so no sitting and socializing. With such awesome coffee, I wish I could sit and enjoy it sometimes.
4	Quick and good. No place to sit, though?
5	The Human Bean is a great place to stop in if you're in a rush and want a fresh cup of coffee or tea. Plus, you get a delicious espresso bean right on top of your drink every time you order! But the best part is definitely that the Baristas are always super helpful. (Especially if you like to try new things but want to find out just what the hell you're actually getting)What more could you ask for?
5	Another good coffee joint for this girl to go to!!! =)Kind of weird that it was a small square building that only have drive-thru service. But oh wells...if they serve good coffee, I don't care if they were in a hut. (well they kinda were...)We told the barista that this was our first time here and she was very friendly and patient with us. The menu was pretty high up so she explained what the popular drinks were, what kind of syrups they have, what her recommendations were..etc.So I ordered what I've been obsessing over lately: an iced coconut latte. I think for a small...it was around $3.45?These drinks were cheaper than MadHouse coffee but I feel they are giving MadHouse a run for their coffee. It had the perfect mix of the caffeine that I needed plus a hint of coconut. Yum! (damn...now I'm craving for one of these again...but I can't drink coffee now. its freakin 3:12am!!!!)p.s. I love how she topped off both our coffee drinks with a cute round coffee bean candy type thing!! =) Little touches like that always gets me. Ah, the simple things like this can make me such a happy lady!
5	This is my FAVORITE coffee spot.  The coffee is inexpensive and the variety of flavors are extensive.  This place also has the most sugar free coffee options (more than 12).  If you are a little more health conscious you can get a sugar free/ fat free drink and don't feel like you are sacrificing flavor. WIN!  They add a nice touch by topping your coffee with a chocolate covered coffee bean :-)This isn't a dine-in cafe. You have to either park and place your order at the front window or go through their two drive-thru's.  Be sure to get a rewards card so that you get a free coffee after your 10th visit.  I recommend this place to everyone!
3	What happened!? Did I catch them on a bad day?! =( I ordered my usual (an iced coconut latte) and it was extremely watered down....I couldn't taste any coffee in my drink. Hmmm....You're slacking here, Human Bean. If I'm ever in/around this side of town again I MIGHT give you one more try. If it still taste watery/lacking in flavor again, sorry...it's back to MadHouse or Starbucks I go.
4	Human Bean has the best coffee in this area, which is mostly Starbucks on every corner (there's one other place hidden behind Southern Hills Hospital, but I'm not sure if they're even open any more). I'm a no-frills coffee drinker, so I've never tried any of the specialty/blended drinks. Judging by the menu they're up to a dollar cheaper than most coffee chains; a lot of other reviewers seem to love them. That being said, the coffee and espresso, while not the best I've ever had, is VERY tasty - I could probably drink it black, though I usually ask for a little bit of cream, just so it cools down quicker. The chocolate covered espresso bean that comes with every drink is a nice touch too.The baristas are super friendly, helpful, speedy and always remember what you prefer, even if you only show up once every couple weeks (I'll admit that it doesn't hurt that all the baristas that have served me here are pretty girls with cheery personalities). My first time there, about a year ago, they explained their punch card and specials - there's a double punch day (Wednesday), you get a free drink once the card is full and I'm pretty sure they have a happy hour, I think it's from 4-6.My only complaint is that I don't live very close to this location any more! It was really convenient on days that I didn't have time to make my own coffee at home. I wish they'd open more locations. Lucky for me, my mom still lives in this area, so when I visit her I always make a stop.Bottom line: Convenient if you're in the area, great staff, fast service and damn good espresso.
5	Fresh coffee and tons of favors! The girls are super sweet and very personable. They have a quick drive through and great service. Also loyalty cards and a happy hour for their blended coffees.
5	convenient, quick, great selection, and some of the friendliest barristas I have ever encountered. Theyre always in a great mood which is nice. Prices are great too! definitely my new fave coffee spot. Just remember to tip them cash cause you cant tip on your credit card, I felt so bad when I couldn't leave a tip cause the young man totally deserved one, will tip extra next time!
5	Great and friendly love this place
5	Among the best customer service ever! It's inexpensive and have lots of options for everyone in your car. I'm always a walk-up (I live in the neighborhood) I bring my dog and baby with me every time - the pup gets a little biscuit and my little one gets a little shot of whip cream at the end of the straw. We're hooked!!!! When we move, they will be the hardest thing to leave! With that said, I'm into a stronger cup of coffee (I think the iced coffee could definitely use some help), but considering its cost, expediency and the EXCELLENT customer service, I will continue to include Human Bean in my morning walk.
4	Good coffee with a good cause. I wish they had more of a selection as far as pastries go but the coffee is the focus. I love the little chocolate bean they have that come with the coffee. Very creative touch. Love the drive thru because I am always on the go. If I had to choose Human Bean or Starbucks across the street, Human Bean always wins.
3	Great coffee but the wait is long. The coffee here is 5 times better than Starbuck's, but the speed could use some work. I usually wait in line for about 10 minutes, sometimes more. The ladies who work in there are nice, but sometimes they are a bit short. Either way, if I have a little extra time in the morning, I head to Human Bean.
5	Fav new coffee stop! Cute/sweet workers, less expensive than the competitors, free chocolate covered espresso bean with every drink, 11th is always free, AND they have almond milk! HALLELUJAH!
4	All of their coffee drinks here are stronger than Starbucks. You can really smell and taste the aroma of the coffee beans. So far I've had the snowy mocha frap and the java chip frap. Both very good and I also love the espresso bean. Adds a nice touch. Definitely ask for a punch card if you know you're going back. Every Wednesday is double-punch. The girls working are all very nice and know what they're doing. The wait is never too long.. about 3-5min at most for me. Not only are the drinks here better than Starbucks, they are cheaper too. Bonus!
4	A small franchise coffee buzzthrough that's a million times better than mass commericial coffee drive thrus. More coffee bang for the buck!My husband and I made a quick stop and we must have come at the best time because there was no line.  The menu had plenty of options if you're feeling healthy or hearty. I opted for an iced snowy mocha and my husband had a Mocha con Breve (hot). The chocolate covered espresso treat was adorable. The drinks were just spot on fantastic. My husband isn't a big mocha person so wasn't excited that I picked that out for him...but he really enjoyed it, "The mocha wasn't overpowering" is his way of saying it was strong enough for him to get his coffee kick.I asked for an extra shot of espresso in mine and I probably didn't need to - but it was still exactly what I wanted. The espresso flavor had a unique bite to it that I liked. I definitely want to try their espresso straight up just for my own enjoyment.The Human Bean was quite a Sunday treat for us. I think we went in with high expectations because of all the solid reviews and we were definitely not disappointed!
5	The is the best tasting coffee I've had here in Vegas and so smooth. Everyone who works there seems to love their job since I have yet to come across anyone who is unpleasant. I've tried their smoothies too and they are good too. Of course who doesn't love the little chocolate covered expresso bean, it's the little touches like that keeps you coming back.
4	Looking for delicious and quick coffee place outside of Starbucks? This place is definitely worth a try! The baristas here are very nice and efficient. And definitely less expensive than most coffee places these days. Kinda a bummer it's a tiny drive-thru place without any seating. And easy to miss the first time you look for the place.Tried the mexi-mocha blended the first time. Delicious and chocolatey. The second time (double punch Wednesday!) enjoyed the coconut almond mocha. Both has great flavor, but kinda hoped for a stronger coffee taste. Maybe because I am used to the very strong brew of Vietnamese style coffee. But love this place nonetheless. Will definitely stop by for my morning coffee-to-go.And the chocolate covered espresso bean with each drink, YUM! A note on that, when having an iced coffee drink with whip cream, eat the bean first! I took a big sip of my drink before having my chocolatey bean, and it fell into the coffee and so I had to down the coffee to get to it!
5	I am always searching for great locally owned coffee houses. Don't get me wrong, I like the Seattle based chain, but small business is the heart of our community. Enter the Human Bean. This coffee hut on Ft. Apache is pure caffeinated goodness.  The girls who work there are upbeat and they were so excited that it was my first time there. (They even gave me two drink coupons)They have almond milk, which is a rare find at most local coffee spots and their prices were pretty reasonable for the fancy latte flavored drinks. All in all, our drinks were yummy, the service was great and I have found my new morning java spot.
5	This is by far the best place to get coffee, espresso, etc. I've been coming here for years. I love the fresh taste of the espresso and the uber friendly service!! I used to live right behind it but we moved and I still will drive completely out of the way to have my coffee from them. Love the chocolate covered espresso bean you get with every drink...puts a smile on my face every time!!
5	LOVE this place. I love supporting local businesses. Delish coffee and great service...what more can you ask for?!
5	We discovered this place a year a ago and have been going regularly since. The coffee is amazing and other coffee shops can't compare! The Vanilla Granita is delicious! The staff is extremely kind too.
2	I don't know if it was just cause an Asian dude, and Indian man were ordering (me and my friend), but the lady that took our order was snobby as heck.We were trying to order other things. She was blending some drinks, and told us that she couldn't hear us. Of course you can't hear us, you're using the B-L-E-N-D-E-R.Stick to Starbucks. Or a McCafe.
5	So fast! Always have new suggestions and r great at remembering your regular orders. Plus, they always give a chocolate covered espresso bean :) and have a punch card for regulars
4	I am addicted! This little joint makes delicious blends of coffee drinks at a reasonable price. Cheaper then the overrated/overpriced drinks at Starbucks. Drinks are delicious and the coffee always tastes fresh unlike burnt coffee you will sometimes get at other coffee shops. I visit on average at least 2-3 times a week even after purchasing a Keurig, I can't seem to get enough. Try the snowy mocha with soy milk. AMAZING! Ohhh and they also give you a chocolate coffee bean with every drink order, whaaaaaaat...score! .Why thank you coffee bean barista(s) for making my morning commute to work so much more enjoyable.
3	I wanted to try a new coffee place and so I tried the human bean, cute little shack the service was great friendly and kind. The coffee was good but I am still a fan of coffee bean and Starbucks first, but I will definitely give this place another try in the future . I did think it was a nice touch of the malted coffee bean with every drink
4	'Tis the season for hot beverages that make you feel toasty on the inside.Today's drink of choice was the Mexi-Mocha at the Human Bean even though its location is not part of my regular work commute to Henderson.  Verdict?  I wish that it was part of my regular work commute to Henderson.  Friendly service at the window, almond milk for my drink, and an 8 oz. size for folks like me who are satisfied with just that amount.  You get a punch card and a chocolate-covered espresso bean with your order.  1 drink down, 9 to go until I get a free one, up to 20 oz. at that!  Cheers!
5	Finding different coffee houses that offer something new is almost an obsession of mine. Although My mainstays remain as sambalatte, sunrise and leone cafe, sometimes I have no time to stop by, enjoy the ambiance and take a breather---which is where this magnificent little hut only 5mins away from my house comes in. The service here is great, there are 2 drive through windows and although it can get busy, the gals and guys who work there hardly show any pressure on their faces and are quick to offer a smile and useful suggestions. Their mocha cafe is the best I've tasted and their snowy mocha hot but especially Ice blended is to die for. The Italian breve is another that clearly knocked out Starbucks and the coffee bean out of the ballpark or my conscious  train of thought. Their signature giant almost mini dinosaur egg chocolate covered coffee bean garnish is enough to make anyone smile and is that small detail of presentation that is simply lost in mass chains such as Starbucks.And Did I also mention that they also have a granita happy hour? :)
5	I discovered this gem when I worked down by Southern Hills hospital. Even months later, with me working all over the NW and SW part of town I still make it a point to stop by here every opportunity I get. The service is alway great and the coffee is amazing. I have recommended this place to so many people. I wish this place nothing but success.
4	I'm happy I decided to give this place a second chance. I must have had a rare unpleasant experience on my first visit, because I've been here at least a dozen times since then. Still hesitant to try the Mexi mocha, but have fallen in love with the iced granitas.  I taketh away 1 star, only because I feel it is a bit overpriced.
5	Awesome coffee! Each time I go there the staff is extra friendly. I highly recommend!
3	Went by the drive in this morning. I told the barista that I had never been before and she suggested trying their "snowy mocha". The coffee was eh, ok. Not much flavor.The place is very convenient and the staff was friendly, but I would rather drive the extra couple miles and go to Samba latte. My favorite part was the chocolate covered espresso bean. Nice touch!! Also tried the chocolate chip muffin top from their menu, disappointed it wasn't freshly made it came in a plastic wrapper :( but was still pretty tasty.
5	This little coffee hut is so great. They have a lot if great flavors and it's fast service. They have drive up on both sides of the hut for easy service. Thank you.
4	This is a drive-through. I had no idea. I read several reviews, and I guess I just didn't realize that "coffee hut" or "pit stop" meant drive through. Just a warning in case anyone else out there is as out of the loop as I am. I arranged to meet a friend here for coffee not too long ago, and then felt like a total dufus.I swung by today to check it out, and for a drive-through, it was great! But when comparing it to other coffee houses, I just can't give it 5 stars because the whole "let's hang out a coffee shop and chat" has been taken away from me. So it is really 4 out 4 stars - a perfect rating for a drive-through, but missing 20% of a coffee house.I had read some reviews, and ordered the Mexi-Mocha - my very fist one, and I asked for soy milk. Holy Yum! This might have been the very best coffee drink I have ever had. And the little white chocolate dinosaur egg was a really nice touch.Oh, I almost forgot my other dufus tip: I don't know how many other places use a fancy coffee cup cover like the Human Bean does, but it is worth it to take a minute to figure it out before you start driving. There is a little sliding tab on the top; push it toward the sippy hole to "close" the hole, and push it away in order to "open" the hole and take a sip. Otherwise you might find yourself driving down the highway like me, trying to figure out why no coffee is coming out!
5	Excellent bend of coffee. The staff is always nice too. Gotta try the Snowy Mocha hot coffee.
4	Two drive-thru windows + decent coffee + free chocolate covered coffee bean = Instant winnerNow, I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to coffee. I like it black.  No lattes, no frappucino.  Black.  Coffee.  So, I cannot advise as to whether their blended blah blahs or iced whatever whatevers are delicious.But, I can say the coffee is good.  I think it's also fair trade, which makes the hippie in me happy.  Also, I don't have to get out of my car, so they win all of my money, all of the time. The end.
5	This place is literally down the street from the house, so it is super convenient for me. Been going to this place for a while now, and their customer service is always top notch. Went here the other day and one of the employees told me that they are closing down this location (as of 4/5/2014). Don't know if this location is still in operation, but I'll sure miss them.
5	:( they closed this location. Super sad. Came 3-4 times a week! Always good service, and the best frappe/granita. They offered punch cards which was a great gesture for frequent coffee drinkers and also gave free yummy chocolate coffee beans with each drink. Now they are closed ;( please come back to the Summerlin area soon otherwise I won't get good coffee unless I visit North Las Vegas and that is rare! I lovvvvvvvvvved The Human Bean!!
5	Loved this place...went yesterday and it is not just closed...the whole building is gone...big empty hole in the parking lot where it used to sit.  I hope this means that it will reopen somewhere else close by.  I guess it is back to Starfuc*s
