5	So a few months ago I moved to AZ from Los Angeles (korea town to be specific) and have not been able to find a descent little korean restaurant, until now!  What make this place even more special is that they are (or the cook is)  Koreans that grew up in China and are able to cook both, very well. The place is new, only in business about 5 month. The owner also owns the AYCE sushi bar in front (which is how I found this place).  For me, walking into the restaurant was like being home.  The first time I went they were about to close but stayed open and make my food.  The owner, Sunny, was so sweet and hooked me up with kim chee and a lot of other side dishes.I've been back a few time since and have enjoyed it each time.  I'm so happy I found my new little korean spot!
4	I couldn't make it to Great Wall for some Dim Sum, so my family came here for lunch. They recently changed hands, Koi( next building over)'s owner owns this place. Korean style Chinese food. When we pulled into parking spot, one of the owner was smoking right outside the door. I gave him dirty look (where's 20 feet away from door?) We had kids and pregnant woman, so I'm not a fan of smoke.There's about 10 tables inside. Very tiny store. Ordered cha jang myun( noodle with black bean sauce), seafood champong, tang soo yook (sweet and sour pork) pal bo che ( spicy seafood in brown sauce). All tasted good. Bay scallop had little bit of fishy taste to it, but other than that, it was good. 1 waitress, 1 cook, so each plate of food came out every 5 minutes. Food is big, so you can share too. After stuffing outselves, total bill came out to $88 (pre-tip) between 5 adults, 2 kids.
4	I had a craving for some Korean food and decided to give this place a try. It's hidden in an old strip mall but once you walk in, it's a nice little place. Clean and well kept. There was only one server but she was attentive. I got the seafood & beef tofu soup ($8.98) while my boyfriend got the bulgogi plate ($15.99). Both were pretty good and my Korean food craving was satisfied. It was nice to see Korean families eating there too - I figure if they eat here it must be pretty authentic. Overall, we enjoyed it.
5	WoW!  Located in the weirdest strip mall on the west side of town, is this piece of asian food heaven.   There's a Japanese restaurant, Cafe Ga Hyang, tattoo parlor, Siamese Kitchen then what looks like a heavy metal/rock bar..so strange but great at the same time!  Gotta love it!They have an array of Chinese and Korean dishes which range from $5 for appetizers to $16.95 for one of their Korean dishes.  I had Kalbi dish, and it was delicious!  And I didn't share, because it was so good! It's a small restaurant, however, friendly staff and just great food to enjoy with friends and family!
5	It is not your Vegas buffet, but you can find a tour of Asia in this west side strip mall sampling cuisine from Japan, Thai, Chinese, and Korean.  We had a party of 13 which took up 1/2 of the restaurant.  I had ordered the cha jang myun (black bean sauce with noodles) and sweet and sour pork.  It is not the typical Chinese version of sweet and sour pork.   The rest of party had ordered Kalbi, sul lung tang (a hearty, luxuriant beef broth made from ox bones), and champong (hot spicy noodle).    The dishes were huge.  I think I over ate, but it was just so good.  Our server was great and she thought of everything before we thought of requesting extra plates for our birthday cake.    They were very accommodating for a large group.  It's a great place I will definitely go back.
5	Great little family owned restaurant.  We are so excited that we don't have to drive to Mesa for good Korean food!  The woman who helped (possibly the owner?) us was very friendly and attentive. The food was excellent and comparable in price to other Korean restaurants.  They also have great green tea ice cream. :)
5	They have a new and improved menu and added more Korean dishes. Very good!!! I've been there 4 times since they added the new menu, and it's been good every time. Very authentic Korean food. This is my favorite spot now!! The dishes I had so far:Champong, Bulgogi, Sul-lung-tang, Neng-myun, Galbi, Yukgejang. All were very good. I can't wait to go back and try other food! Neng-myun (cold noodle) was especially good on muggy hot summer days.
4	This is a new korean place in phoenix that just open for about 4 months. Service was impressive! The lady was very nice and keep coming over to ask how we are doing and how was the food. And wow, i was really surprise by how many side dishes she bring out for two of us - 12 dishes! But they were all mainly vege and fish cakes.As for the food - I always order Kalbi and Seafood Tofu Soup. Kalbi was pricy ($21.95) but decent, although the portion was a bit small. Then again, with the economy, everything is downside. The soup was not bad, but I was looking forward to cracking an egg in the sizzling soup, but none of that. I don't think there was even an egg inside.I would definitely come back and try some of their other items on the menu. I also like the decorating inside with bamboo wall forming a cubicle, which give you a bit of privacy. OH yeh - they open till 2am, so if you feel like having a late night meal, this might be a good hangout place.
4	The REAL deal for Korean Cuisine !This is only the second Korean Restaurant I've been too and the other one seemed like  normal everyday American Food compared to here .The decor is a mix of Asia , Gilligan's Island , and a disco .We started with the OH MY GOD if your looking for SPICY fish cakes with chili sauce and added assorted peppers appetizer dish . I wouldn't say #10 Thai hot but maybe almost a nine hot since the sauce had a nice sweetness to cut the heat . I am not 100% sure if we got what we ordered since neither of us recognized anything on our plate as fish but whatever it was it really did taste good . The what we think ( and hope ) were fish cakes looked like logs of gnocchi pasta but had an unusual texture that was chewy and light . I saw slices of what looked like beef through the platter but passed on trying since they were unknown to me but my husband ate them and said they were just beef . Our server was so HAPPY and enthusiastic we ordered this dish she actually JUMPED in the air for joy . I was afraid to ask if this was what we ordered since I also didn't want to know if it was something I would never eat .I tried what was basically chicken on a sizzling skillet with vegetables in a sort of sriracha tasting sauce . This dish was good . We were given eight little dishes of pickled sides . I found it interesting that each side really did change the taste of the meal and the anchovies with peppers made the taste change to a Thai food taste and I liked that one the best until I saw heads on the tiny fish and had to stop with that one . My meal also came with a large bowl of fresh steamed sticky rice .My husband had the beef rib soup . The soup came out SIZZLING really sizzling . The soup seemed like a beef stock with some sriracia added and in the middle of the soup was a big beef rib the soup also had crumbled tofu in it . The soup also came with a big bowl of rice . Portions were big for sharing .
4	Authentic and delicious. The food was phenomenal and the service was attentive and quick. My boyfriend had his old stand by, bul go gi, and I had bi him bop (mostly so he could try it so I can broaden his Korean food horizons).. and they were both great. The ban chan (side dishes) were varied and had some authentic items that you don't regularly see in other Korean restaurants in the Valley. What I'm really excited about and can't wait to go back and try is the other menu items such as cha jjang myun (delicious noodles in black bean sauce) and cham pong (spicy seafood noodles)... These are also items rarely seen on a menu outside of k town.
5	The kalbi and champon was excellent!  Will be heading back there again soon!
5	Finally found a restaurant that serves quality korean food. Had to travel a bit, but well worth it. Host was friendly and explained things thoroughly. The food is authentic with side dishes served and all. I was incredibly skeptical of trying korean food in Arizona, but this place while not the best I have ever had, was enough to quench my craving.
4	love this place.don't expect great service, since they only have 1 person doing most of the things. taking order, clean the table, bring food to the table, fill the water and casher.but so far, their food has been consistently good. I have tried a bunch of their dishes, so far. quite satisfying (for phoenix area).still can't compare to what I had in the bay area. (snob...) but it is useful as a guidance standard. come here and can't go wrong with the korean food.
5	I want the original chef who went to LA to come back and make the awesome foods.Never mind guys, the new chef's dishes were awesome too !
4	A friend of mine who is keen on looking out for my best interests brought up an interesting idea. "Why don't you delete your old reviews and start fresh for the new year and do the same next year"It does make sense. Is a review from 2009 really relevant in 2012? Probably not. But I do like the idea and will take this into serious consideration and wipe my entire review data base from the cyber world and start fresh. But this is a rather daunting task and it will have to wait till after the weekend.Fish head stew, an off the menu item here is one of those that I tried towards the end of 2011. I consider myself an adventurous eater, but the thought of fish heads in my belly would require serious amounts of sojou in my system. I was not that confident when the Concierge suggested we check out Ga Hyang and we would be amazed and "blown away" by this place. I must admit, there is better Korean in LA, but being this is the desert it really isn't bad. Effort is put into putting together quality dishes, but one piece of advice. You can tone down on the spice and just let the pork belly speak for itself.
4	Okay, I'll admit that I was a LITTLE bit worried about this place after we pulled into the somewhat sketchy looking parking lot. But knowing that sometimes the best places to eat are the sketchiest and that yelp usually leads me in the right direction, my parents and I ended up here on a recent trip to Arizona.We had the ddukbogi as an appetizer which had just the right amount of flavor without being overwhelming, although I think the rice cakes were a bit too chewy. But that was absolutely forgiveable considering the rest of the delicious entrees and side dishes.The star of the meal was the champong, which my dad is EXTREMELY picky about, but he agreed that it was one of the best he's ever had since leaving Korea. My mom ordered sul-lung-tang which was also excellent, and I had the bibimbab. I would totally come back here repeatedly if given the opportunity!
4	The first time I walked in I was greeted by a cute door chime that said hello in Korean.  Inside it has the nice look of a Korean village.  Food is delicious, and I am always a fan of the side dishes.  Korean food tends to be on the more expensive side, but those little side dishes are great and the service was great here too.  If you are a white boy like me, they will automatically serve you regular water.  So, if you want a more authentic experience, ask for the barley tea that is customary for Koreans.  They will also explain how to eat Korean food, if you have never eaten bibim bap and start eating it as is!  :)  The last time I was here service was great, but other times we had to go get the server.  Don't be shy, there isn't many people working here.Don't mind the outside area, definitely come eat here!
5	I have tried Korean food in many places in the PHX Metro and I have to say this is one of my absolute favorites.  They offer a wonderful selection of Banchan (side dishes typical of Korean dining.) usually serving up to 8 cheop (dishes) along with steamed rice and the table's entre(s).  Their BBQ items are priced in line with other Korean restaurants in town (a little pricy but average) but the bottomless banchan makes up for it. My go to dish here is the Kimchi Stew, especially on a cloudy cool day or after a overindulged night on the town.  I have also made a great lunch out of just the banchan and rice.  The service has always been excellent and polite.  Finding it may be a little tricky as it is in a strip mall between 43rd and 44th Ave Next to a large AYCE Sushi place and tucked between a Dry Cleaners and a Tattoo Parlor. I have found myself willing to drive all the way up here from Downtown PHX just to get my fix, it is THAT good.
5	My second visit to Cafe Ga Hyang confirmed everything about the first visit: 100% authentic Korean cuisine! It's as if I was back on Korea going for lunch on a lazy day off. If you're looking for the real deal on Korean food, then put Cafe Ga Hyang at the top of your list!
4	I'll be honest and say I have no idea what I ate, but it was filling and delicious. (Brief English descriptions and pictures available). It sort of looks like mud but I can guarantee it tastes much better. It was some sort of seafood bean sauce rice stone pot and the last item on the lunch specials. The boyfriend would give it a three for his dal bulgogi. It was good, but nothing to write home about and I would agree with his food rating. The sides were of varying delicious rating with our favorite being the tofu which we fought viciously for.  Korean expert said this location is good with quality meat and his favorite tofu soup. I'll take his word for it.
5	I love this place. The women who run this place are very nice and will custom make anything for you. Food is really good but if you say spicy, be carefull because its gonna really be spicy. Best tai food i have had.
4	I was fortunate enough to read the article in Phoenix Mag that mentioned this wonderful place. I had the BiBim Bap with beef for lunch and the serving was so plentiful I did not have dinner that evening. Everything was great and the home made hot sauce was very flavorful with almost a hit of BBQ/smoky flavor, I would not consider it a "traditional" hot sauce, but it was wonderful! I gave a four star rating since this is the second time I've tried BiBim Bap and DO NOT consider myself an expert on Korean food, but will be back for more in the future. Don't let the unasuming strip mall turn you away, it is worth the visit.
5	My girlfriend and I just came back from this place and we were really impressed.Both of us are from Southern California, and I am Korean. We've had our share of Korean food and I can say this is one of the best Korean places  have ever eaten. I was just really shocked because the other other Korean places in Arizona were just horrible. And those places had 4 stars on yelp. But we decided to try this place today and it was awesomeIt is a nice hole in the wall place, very clean and they seated us in the corner which had three walls so we felt like VIPs. It was very empty, there were two other couples, and by the time we were done it was completely empty. -Side dishes! All the pickled dishes were great and the seasoned potato and anchovies were amazing too (one of the best!). The kimchii was okay, I had better but it was still good.-I had yu gae jang, it is a spicy beef soup. It wasn't the best one I had but it was still surprisingly delicious!-My girlfriend had the duk mahn doo gook. Which is a beef broth with rice cakes, dumplings and slices of flank. The soup was seasoned very well too.Overall, GREAT FIND. If you want good Korean food with good side dishes, come here. Of course I didn't have their other dishes like the cold noodles or bbq, but if their soup dishes were good, I am sure the others would be just as good.The pricing was very reasonable too, and the portion were good. Only disappointment was they ran out of anchovies when we wanted refills :(
4	Came back because it was so good!This time had sul lang tang (beef soup) and kalbi tang. As usual, they both tasted great!We had a different waitress this time. Not sure if this is an Arizona thing, but they are kind of hesitant in refilling your side dishes. All the other places I went to automatically refill it for you once they see it is empty or close to empty. And they give you a tiny amount in the beginning. Not a big deal, but they do kind of making it awkward when you ask for more, as if you are making it very inconvenient for them.But who cares, it is still the best korean food I had in a long time.
3	Ultra cool peeps, great service. Nice and quant decor and atmosphere. Nice ma and pa Asian restaurant !
5	So incredibly happy to have found this place! Yay YELP!!!!  My husband and I come from NJ/NYC area where good Korean food was plentiful.  Since moving here to Arizona, we have had such difficulty finding our ethnic restaurants, including Korean restaurants. Thanks to the fellow yelpers, this small mom and pop restaurant was exactly what we were looking for since we have made our move.   And I must admit, the soft tofu soup with seafood (Haemul Soon Du Bu) was better than the ones back home.  The bimbim bap was also amazingly delicious, as was the spicy squid with veggies (Oh Jing Uh Bokeum).  The Banchan (little dishes) also hit the spot as they were all equally tasty and spicy.  The service was great and we love our waitress!  In fact, she informed us that within a couple of weeks, they will be receiving their liquor license along with karaoke.  I don't care much for the bad singing, but I am happy to be drinking Soju soon and have some Bonchon (fried Korean chicken) to wash it down with...WINNING!
5	This is yet another restaurant that my grandmother and I visited. I had extolled about the virtues of Korean for the past year since returning from there in September 2K11, and eventually we decided to go here. The restaurant has a real cozy atmosphere and the people who run this restaurant do an excellent job of waiting on you as well as being very friendly. We both had the bulgogi bi bim bap and the man du guk w/ sliced rice cake and they were just as good as I remembered. This restaurant does everything right and it makes me glad that I am able to find a restaurant here in Phoenix that serves excellent authentic Korean cuisine.I have only two minor complaints. 1. The side dishes are a little skimpy even for two people and if you want extra you have to pay more, as opposed to most restaurants in South Korea which mostly gave you unlimited side dishes, and 2. they don't let you do the grilling. You order it and they cook it like most American restaurants do, which is disappointing if that's what you are looking for. Don't let this deter you from trying this restaurant as you'll miss out on some of the best food ever.
4	Stop here for lunch with my girlfriend. I ordered the seafood bibimbap and it was delicious. It was served inside the hot stone pot and i love how the rich burn at the bottom making it crispy. The seafood sauce was very flavorful. The side dishes kim chi was marinated well. 2nd time visiting this place and the owner lady was always nice and thoughtful. The price was reasonable for lunch meals. Will definitely come back to try their cold noodles one day.
4	Lately I have had a bad hankering for some Korean food, but the valley sucks in numerous locations. This is my fourth Korean place and I was quite satisfied. I was about to head to another restaurant near ASU West because it was pretty good, but finally decided to try a different one. Gladly I did. I did not care about driving to the west valley from near the airport during rush hour because my craving was that bad. We finally get the the place and only one other table was there. We get seated and I had to get barley tea.Browsing the menu I was pleased to see samgyupsal (pork belly) on the menu! We debated on an appetizer, mandu (gyoza) or ddukbokki. I've made the spicy rice cakes at home but never ordered at a restaurant yet, so we choose the latter. I wanted to see how HOT they really were. Bf ordered the usual bulgogi. We waited in anticipation for the food, and ddukbokki came first, large rice cakes and nice chewy texture. BOY! They were spicy, but sooo good. I enjoyed it as much as I could before I burned my mouth anymore. Then she brought out the banchan, nice large selection, some I have have yet to try until then. Also she brought the lettuce/onion salad with sesame oil dip and ssamjang. By this time I had to stop eating the spicy rice cakes and order a soda since the barley tea wasn't cutting it anymore.Finally the meats were at our table and plentiful portions. I asked about lettuce wraps for the samgyupsal but she said I could eat it with without the wraps. Having not done so before, she actually helped me how to do so. I wasn't a fan of ssamjang before until she slapped it on my chopsticks and I was hooked. She also suggested that my bf try the bulgogi the same way, dipping in the sesame oil and with lettuce. I enjoyed the whole meal and was pleased with the quality and helpfulness of the waitress. I would go back and try other menu items without hesitation. When they say spicy, they mean spicy...my kind of people!
5	A true gem for PHX and the west valley area. The owner provides an intimate experience and isn't afraid to offer insight on the best way to partake of the dishes. All the food was absolutely fantastic!
4	Nice people. Bomb a$$ bibimbap. I'm sold.
2	We had 13 of us and it was nice they told us to come at 7:30pm on a Saturday so they can set up for us.  When we got there we still had to wait 15 mins.  It was cold outside!!!  We finally got in and noticed they only had 1 server for the whole place to do everything (ordering, busing, serving, etc.).  The service was slow but she is really nice.  The food took FOREVER!!!  I got gyoza, they were ok.  I got the dumpling with rice cake soup.  It was not that flavorful.  So bummed...
5	This was an amazing restaurant!  I have never really had Korean food in a restaurant before.  When I was a kid a friend's mom would make me Korean food, but it's been 20 years.  Because I've never ordered Korean food, I became quickly aware that I had no idea what I was looking for.  I read through the menu and picked what I thought would be best for me.  When I ordered it, the waitress shared that this was not a good choice for a "beginner".  She suggested another type of Bip Bim Bap- which was exceptional!  Our group also ordered gyoza and another appetizer (can't remember what...) the gyoza was amazing!The restaurant does not currently have a liquor license, so their menu is incorrect, but the staff will tell you this right away.
4	Yes.I tried their dduk man doo guk (dumpling and rice cake soup in anchovy broth) -- AWESOME.Soon doo boo is pretty good too.Spicy tofu soup.Their dduk bokki (spicy rice cakes) are SPICY and yummy.Yook Gae Jang -- spicy broth, beef, clear noodles, veggies.Spicy and yummy!Jja Jang (soy bean paste noodle) and Neng Myun (spicy buckwheat noodle),first few bites were good but then I got kinda tired of it.Their sidedishes are well flavored.Would recommend.
5	An absolute gem! As authentic as you get!
5	The side dishes are amazing. This is authentic Korea home cooking at it's best.
4	Nummy num numOne of the best Korean restaurants in the Valley.  In a somewhat seedy area, but you're in for a treat once you make it past the tattoo parlor and the rough looking guy staring folks down outside.They serve kimchee sides with meals as you find in real Korean eateries-- all very good.  Kalbi and bulgogi dishes are tasty and flavorful.  Service is very pleasant, as well.  Cafe GH reminds of the small Korean restaurants in Chicago and LA.  May just want to keep an eye on your car while you eat.Tip: You can hit Seoul Market across the intersection to stock up after eating.  Good prices on basics.  Best kimchee selection we've found in Phoenix.
1	This is a second visit to this restaurant, I must say I had a lasting impression of the cham pong the first visit so I decided to put it in the list of restaurants to frequent. The food tonight 2/26/13 is just mediocre, the soups are more watery than the first time. I ordered the kimchi chigae (kimchi stew) and my boyfriend ordered the cham pong. The middle aged owner brought out only pickled daikon for my boyfriend, and pushed the banchan(side dishes) to my side of the table. That was fine, but my food came first, so I offered some of my sides to my boyfriend who was still waiting for his entree. She threw us a look of distaste.When we finish some of the sides, I asked for a refill...and she told me "We don't do refills, it's too expensive." Fine, if  she had left it at that, I would have waived it off...but she refilled the sides of the table next to us after she told me that. I've never been to a korean restaurant where they don't refill the side dishes. And on top of that I've never been to a korean restaurant where they discriminate between asian customers and white customers in the next table.We finished our meal, and asked for boxes for leftovers. The lady shakes her head as though we shouldn't take out our leftovers and reluctantly brings us two boxes. I've never had such poor service at a korean restaurant...and I probably won't be back for this type of treatment.
5	The best place in the valley so far to really good Korean. Service is always good, mama gives you hints on what else to do with your leftovers. Great place. all the sides are to die for.
4	good
4	This is my favorite Korean restaurant in the Glendale area.  When I have cravings for soft tofu soup and good variety of small side dishes, this is the place I would go!  Ingredients taste fresh and kimchi is marinated very well. Very friendly service and takes all major credit cards!
4	I am figuring out slowly that Korean restaurants are far and few between here in Phoenix.  Considering the slim pickings here, I'd say this is pretty good.  Not Korea Town good but not bad.  I had the duk mahn du guk which is the Korean Dumpling Soup with rice cake.  Good and simple.  BF had the Kalbi and he loved every bit of it right down to the sucking the meat off the bones.  Decent variety of ban chan but other reviewers are right - they don't refill.  Wha?!  That is a first for me!  I had to do a little persuading for the waitress to refill one of the dishes.  So when you do ask for a refill, choose wisely.  If the waitress didn't refill, I would have given it 3 stars just for that reason.Will be back again though to try all the other dishes.  The fact that they have Soon dae guk (pork intestine/blood sausage) is a reason for me to think it's pretty authentic and legit.  I don't see that often and was surprised to see it here.  WIll have to see how good it is next time.But beware, we went in and the bf tried to order a beer and she covered up the alcohol section and said they were out.  Korean restaurant...that is open until 2 a.m....that doesn't have alcohol...HUH??!! Is that possible??!!
5	Best Korean food yet in Phoenix.  They have an awesome seafood pancake and their bulgogi is great.  I love the fact that you can order the small tiny fishes, these are almost never part of the variety of dishes, but they have them here.  Great place and not very expensive.
5	Cafe Ga Hyang is not only one of the best Korean restaurants in Phoenix, but one of the best eateries in the city period. Phoenix sadly lacks restaurants that are open past 10pm, and Cafe Ga Hyang fills that void, staying open until 2am. My husband and I went around midnight, the restaurant was quiet but not barren. I love the entire set up, with private canopied tables on one side of the restaurant. Sitting there felt very intimate and comfortable. I ordered the Kalbi Dolsot Bimbim Bop and my husband ordered the dumpling soup. Both dishes were fantastic! Lots of amazing spices and unctuous flavors. We both loved it! At the end of the meal, I wanted to get ice cream and ginger ice cream was recommenced. It was the most delicious ice cream I've had, possibly ever, and was the perfect way to end the meal.Before we left, we chatted a bit with our waitress (owner?) who gave me a hug on the way out. Very sweet lady!We will be coming back and recommending it to everybody!
2	ehh...no.
5	Yes says our 5 year old friend. She liked everything, and the three adults with her. We had two different hot pots and one soup. All were great!
4	Wanted Korean food, decided to try this place. Got the bulgogi, roommate got the soup with dumplings and rice cake. Friendly fast service and wonderful banchan. Love the cucumber, spinach, napa, but the radish (daikon) was my favorite! Will definitely be back!
4	The place is a bit of a hole in the wall in strip mall but the food makes up for it. We ordered the chicken and short ribs BBQ and both were really delicious. It came with a lot of traditional pickled sides and individual rice bowls.  Will definitely be back
4	When you first walk into this place, it definitely fits the description of a hole in the wall restaurant. They don't have the best decoration or ambiance. There is Korean TV running in the background (luckily with subtitles). The A/C seemed like it wasn't working full power, they had multiple fans around the room and it was still pretty warm. Our waitress was a very nice lady. She didn't talk much but had a very nice smile on her face and she was quick and left a pitcher of water on the table. I think prices are a little high for the location and that is the only thing that maybe I wouldn't expect from a whole in the wall place. What do I expect? Cheap and delicious food. And the food definitely makes it worth it. We ordered the Bulgogi and a glass-noodle-with-beef dish. They both tasted fresh and flavorful. Portions were generous and I even had left overs for my next days lunch. The Korean sides were definitely some of the best I have had so far.
4	The BF and I went here tonight with the International Supper Club and it was really good! I have only had Korean food a few times before and this was by far the best I've had (the other places were in Seattle, so that's pretty good). The lady who worked there was helpful, a little stressed out, but helpful. She managed to get everyone's food out at around the same time and it was all steaming hot...literally steaming. I had the spicy soup with sliced beef and it was really good. I thought it could be a little spicier, but it had a lot of flavor and the beef fell apart. The BF had the bulgogi and it was amazing! Very soft and flavorful. The sides were all interesting...we got 4 sets of 7-8 side dishes to share. The tofu side was the best, and I don't particularly like tofu, but this was firm, spicy, and delicious. The bok choy, spicy potato, cucumbery thing, and kim chi were all very good. Now, this place is not particularly cheap, but we had so much food, it was crazy! Plus, it all tasted good. I would definitely come back here in the future!
4	If you are unfamiliar with Korean cuisine, this would be a good place to start.  What's great about this place is its super low key.  It's situated in a really run down plaza so you wouldn't even know it existed.  Honestly, you would have to do a Yelp Search just to find out.What I like:+ Bibimbap: It's pretty good here, the flavors shine through while keeping the rice slightly crisped for that stone cooking taste.  I can have these weekly!+ Banchan: super good+ Ambiance: its dimmed and chill+ Staff: I've always come here late so I've only known the one lady that takes your order, she is super sweet.+ Hours: Opens till 2am daily.  Awesome! If I ever have a late night crave, I'm coming here for sure+ Pricing: Not terrible but reasonable.The menu  offers plenty of your typical Korean and more.  This place is legit, so if you never had, drop by.
4	So I was here for the this months installment of the International Supper Club UYE. I have never had Koren food before. I wondered if I would like it but I am always willing to try new things. When we arrived I questioned if I would like it again because it is in a shady shopping center in a shady part of town. But again sometimes the best food comes out of little run down shops.When we walked in our large table was all set up for us. It took up most of the restaurant because the place is not that big. We were greeted by what seemed like the owner but was our Koren mother for the night. She was very helpful and explained what dishes were and made suggestions. She even told a few people what they ordered wasn't good for dinner and they should get something else.We sat down and waited for the rest of the group to arrive. It was growing by the minute as people brought more people with them. We even lost two because it was getting last and still had 15 in the party. Water was passed out in glasses and also large carafes for refills. Menus were handed around and indecision struck. What do I get? Lucky Ursula D was to the rescue and let people know what was good and what she had had at other places. So I picked the Bul Goki which I am spelling wrong I'm sure and still can't pronounce correctly. It is thinly sliced beef with onions and possibly a few other things. All stir fried up. Whatever it was it was really good. Everyones orders started coming out after just a little while and they were all steaming hot. Even with 100 plus degrees outside they were still steaming. Some of up got sucked into the Korean soap opera that was playing on the TVs all around us but the food more than distracted us from it.All the food smelled good and everyone was raving about it. It made up for the fact that there was no beer to be served and soda was served in a can. The restaurant was very nice and our Korean mother waitress owner was very nice and handled our large group with no problems. Even split the bill up easily. Which can get tough with our group. I will definitely be back to try more delicious Korean food and say hello to my new Korean mother.International Supper Club UYE has not gone to a bad place yet.
4	Real Korean food! Finally. I have had a craving all week and just as I am heading to the airport, I checked Yelp on last time and boom! Just around a mile from where I was staying, I find this little gem.  Small nicely decorated dining area but a little hard to find.  Don't let the outside fool you.  The inside is really nice.    Tucked into the northwest corner strip mall at 43rd and Olive; there appears to be a small collection of little south Asian restaurants.  The store front windows are covered in newspaper or some kind of board in the windows, to defuse the direct assault of the afternoon sun.  I was surprised to find this happy little Korean cafe for lunch stop on my way to the airport.  109 degrees outside, nice dark and cool inside. The prices were normal for Korean BBQ and the menu had everything I craved. It was hard not to try the Seafood pancake, spicy rice cakes and an entree. I wanted to make it quick and kept myself from ordering more than one item.  I am sure the others on the plane would not have appreciated the smell from leftover seafood pancake. I ordered Duk Mando Guk - Dumpling and rice cake soup.  Huge bowl of tasty rice cakes and dumplings in a light broth with dropped egg, green onion and pieces of carrot. This restaurant is not a steakhouse or BBQ grill house - the difference is rice cake.  The Korean restaurant that wants to be considered more upscale will not have rice cake in any dish on their menu.  It is considered street food (like french fires) and not worthy.  I love rice cakes.  Spicy rice cakes, rice cake soup, hot pots with rice cakes -  Service was good. Not too crowded. The soup was perfect, as well as, the banchan that can with it.  I was in and out in 45 minutes.
3	You know that old saying, "Don't judge a book by its cover?" That definitely applies when it comes to Cafe Ga Hyang. My husband and I have been trying to find a decent Korean place in Phoenix for a while, and after less-than-stellar experiences at a couple of other places, we decided to try this place out, after reading about it in Phoenix Magazine. It was only about 15 minutes from our house; who knew? Upon arriving, we were a bit apprehensive; the restaurant is located next door to a tattoo parlor in a pretty sketchy, half-empty strip mall in Glendale. The decor is straight out of the 1970s, and the night we were there, the air conditioning was basically not working. But keeping in mind that "don't judge a book..." thing, we decided to stay. (We also took the fact that we were the only non-Koreans in the place as a good sign.)I ordered the bibimbap with beef, which arrived in a sizzling hot bowl, as it should. Our server, who I am pretty sure was also the owner, asked if I had ever eaten Korean food. Before I could answer, she instructed me on the proper way to stir the ingredients in the bowl together. Almost immediately everything began to sizzle and the smell of cooking food wafted across the table! It tasted delicious, the perfect combination of spicy, savory and sweet, with a mixture of sticky and crunchy rice (the pieces that had cooked to the sides and bottom of the bowl.) If there is such a thing as Korean comfort food, this might be it!My husband ordered the kimchi chigae, which is basically a stew made of  kimchi, pork and tofu. He was a bit disappointed that it wasn't spicier, and had more tofu than meat. I had a few bites and found it nice and savory - I will probably order it next time. The stew also arrived in a stone pot so hot it was still boiling, so while we waited for it to cool off, we helped ourselves to the Banchan, which consists of several small plates of side dishes that are served with every meal. Most of them are served cold or chilled, a nice counterpoint to the heat of our main dishes. I liked the pickled vegetables, the bean sprouts tossed with what tasted like a mixture of salt and vinegar, the pickled radishes, and the kimchi (again, more savory than spicy.) I did not really care for the steamed eggs.  Again, our server was kind enough to explain what everything was. All and all our experience at Cafe Ga Hyang was a pleasant one, and we will probably be back at some point. I especially think this would be a great place to come in the winter; a sizzling/steaming hot bowl of bibimbap or chigae would really hit the spot on a cold night!
5	It was my first time trying out a new place for some late night eats, I had just got off work and was craving some Korean food and remembered hearing this place opens late and one thing led to another and boom I was there. I also took along my little brother for his first experience and he fell in love with it. Our waiter which was the owner I believe served us we weren't sure what to order but she definitely steered us in the right direction to some delicious food. We had sliced pork belly that came out sizzling on a skillet over glazed onions.. A type of beef rib soup which was so good I devoured the whole thing.. Also we had another dish which was recommended by her which was pictured at the bottom of the menu, yes she pointed and we agreed. Best decision made in a very long time. She also showed us how to eat the pork belly correctly which was very sweet of her. And last but not least the sides that comes with the meal was great as well there was a massive selection on the table to choose  from. We came there pretty late and were just having dinner I'm not sure how the service would have been with more people but I will definitely come back for the food and the sweet lady that was too kind to me and little brother.
4	Ahhh if only this place was closer to my house! I love it!  I usually come and order the kalbi and a bowl of duk mandu soup.  But this time I decided to order the dolsot bibimbap which is basically a Korean version of fried rice in a stone hot pot. I usually let it sit for a while so the bottom of my rice gets crunchy.  This is true comfort food.  The lady (assuming the owner) is very friendly and will help you with any questions you have.  The only odd thing was that my son wanted to drink an iced tea and she gave me a confused look and questioned how a little boy would like an iced tea.  Weird.  They also state they are open until 2 am every night, but the hubs came one night at 1 am with his buddies and they were closed - it must have been a slow night.
2	Met friends here for lunch.  the only thing on the menu which looked familiar was chicken terriyaki.YUK.  Never again.  They used dark meat which was fatty and grissly.  Those are parts of the chicken I throw away. Not even fit for my cat.I will stick to Tokyo Express for my chicken terriyaki from now on.
3	OK, so I have searched high and low for decent jja jiang myun in Phoenix so I was really excited to try this new place.  I was kind of disappointed... it was super watery and slightly bland.  I actually prefer this to salty, but the watery broth made black sauce go everywhere while I was trying to eat it.  I also got the dduk bok gi - a little heavy on the red pepper flakes but pretty tasty overall.  Those are jalapenos, not green pepper slivers btw.We also tried the Tang Su Yuk which was delicious and pretty close to what I was looking for!So ding ding ding - I want to try this place again before updating my review, but so far I think I like the Korean homestyle cooking this place offers!  I'm pretty sure their sullong tang will be much better so that's what I'll be getting next time.  :)
3	After a year in Korea, the food was dang close to what I'm used to. There wasn't anything too off the wall, like I've experienced.
5	The interior is very cool - all dark wood and bamboo and it is spotless! My husband and I both loved our dinners. I had the Dumpling  Soup and he had the Bibim Bab. The little, complimentary side dishes are yummy as well. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit here.
4	A pretty good good Korean Bunshik Jib (Everything Restaurants)Banchan is 7-8 dishes, food is above average and the atmosphere is pretty spot on~A caveat is that it is a tad pricey especially when compared to   and other restaurants like this in LA. The two ladies that helped me on my visits don't shy away from suggestions and are pretty helpful!
2	Highly disappointed in my last meal. I was happy to have found this place earlier this year but I will now just cook my food at home. I was the first person in the restaurant and placed my order. Family members of the waitress walked in and became priority. They received multiple banchan right away and had food served to them after they ordered while I sat around with just barley water. Initially when I had even asked for barley water the waitress acted like it was a hassle to even have to serve it and told me they didn't have any. My banchan came with my meal and there were three items. A couple came in next to me and ordered and asked for cabbage kimchi and was told they couldn't have any because it didn't go with the meal. Excuse me?! As a Korean, I have never seen ANYONE been told they can't have banchan. I told the couple that wasn't standard service that is usually received from that waitress in other occasions. I asked the waitress for more banchan and in a serious tone she told me she didn't have any more to give me.I had planned on ordering food for my husband to take home and she put the check on my table while I was still in the middle of my meal.  Her priority became watching the soap opera on tv rather than service. Speaking of the meal, my jampong consisted mostly of peppers. Pure disappointment. I felt as though I received prejudiced service. I was speaking Korean and attempting to be polite, but all she saw in her eyes was a half white person who she didn't have time for. I called my mom enraged after the meal and she agreed that for some meals you don't necessarily serve certain banchan but if someone asks for it you should oblige. I will not enter this establishment again.
5	After our trip to Koreatown in LA a couple of weeks ago, we were craving some Korean BBQ! The only problem is we are not in Cali anymore and live in AZ. : ( If you are looking to grill your own meat, this place is not it. However, if you are looking for great Korean food, abundant amount of banchan and friendly service- then come to this restaurant!! We had the sweet n sour pork (not your typical Chinese food sweet n sour entree) for our 3yr old, kalbi tang, and grilled pork belly. In our previous visit we had bulgogi, kalbi, and chapjae. Everything we've tried has been delicious and reminiscent of our experience in Koreatown.
5	Best Korean food I have had since being here in Arizona! Side dishes are perfect and fresh, Bulgogi was spot on! I'll be back...frequently! My new favorite restaurant.
3	We went here today for lunch and it wasn't as good as it has been in the past. I only go for the jajangmyun, and it was disappointing. It was too bland, and just lacking in flavor. They used to offer a gan jajangmyun if you asked, but today they refused to accommodate this request. The ban chan was plentiful, but they give it to you about 15 min before your meal arrives. My husband ordered the daeji bulgogi. It was dry, and also lacked in seasoning. I've definitely had better Chinese Korean food in Arizona.
5	Freakin Rad!!! It was so fun and such a good meal. Everyone ordered something different and it was all good.
5	In "the valley" where there is a plethora of faux vietnamese and kitschy chinese food, a lone beacon of light shines upon cafe ga hyang.  I'm a californian, which means i'm both a foodie and a cultural snob.  Judge as you may, I am more than happy to hide behind the cloak of anonymity that is the internet.  So here goes the experience.As soon as we entered the glass-shattered door, we were welcomed and seated promptly by what seemed to be the waitress/hostess/owner of said establishment.  She provided menus and asked us what we would like to drink.  Pretty standard, really.  Upon brief inspection of the menu and realizing we are new to the restaurant, we tested the classic dishes of such an establishment: bulgoki and japhae.  After ordering, we were greeted with traditional banchan: kim chee, pickled cabbage, cucumber salad, pickled tofu skins, pickled radish, dehydrated fish, etc.  The banchan as well as the service was both timely and fantastic.  The japchae and bulgoki were as expected.  The bulgoki was NOT ribeye or some prime cut of beef but passed as both tender and flavorful.  The japchae was not exceedingly oily but passed with flying colors.  The banchan really was the highlight of the lunch.  The variety and quantity really warranted a repeat visit.  I'll end with a world to the locals.  As far as authentic korean cuisine goes, visit this place.  It is authentic as you can get outside of large korean communities.  It may not be the best, but it is likely the best in the area!Keep in mind I've given this place a 5 star review only to offset the poorly rated reviews provided on yelp.  Compared the the establishments in Seoul, Korea or at the very least those at Incheon, this place pales n comparison.  But as far as Phoenix is concerned, this place is lightyears ahead of it's time.
4	We went with friends who frequent this restaurant and love it.  It was worth the drive from Downtown Phoenix.  I had the cold noodles bowl and my husband had the hot rice bowl (don't recall the names).  I have been enjoying leftovers for the last two days.
5	This was our first visit to Cafe Ga Hyang and enjoyed the everything we ordered, including spicy ddukboki, mulnengmun with Kalbi, and dolsot bibimbap.  The server warned us that ddukboki will be very spicy.... and it was....and we loved it.   Kalbi was very flavorful. Steaming Dolsot bibimbap had several different vegetables that I liked and it was sooo delicious.   The burnt rice in the bottom was also yummy.   Great food. Good service.  We will be back soon.
1	The most terrible service I have ever had, the actress's attitude is awful, order so slowly, if you separate you bill, she gives long face to customer, and this time I find a bug's wing in soup. I would never come here again.
1	Authentic? I can't believe people think this is authentic korean food, because IT'S NOT!!!. This place is more geared towards chinese style korean cooking. There's no such thing as dol sot(stone pot) black bean sauce dish in Korea. Yes, the black bean sauce is sometimes used to mix in rice. However, the black bean sauce is served as a noodle dish. This idea came from when you order/eat black bean sauce noodles and you have left overs of the black bean sauce,but still have room to eat and your stomach is not content and all you have is rice, you would mix the rice with the left over black bean sauce you have in your bowl. Well, that's fine. Maybe they decided to add something new to their menu....But that's not the problem, the flavor of each dish is nowhere near what authentic traditional korean food should taste like. Even my vietnamese friend who is in love with Korean culture told me at the table that the seafood Soon Du bu (Tofu) soup was nothing like she has ever tasted. The shrimp they used is wrong. Shrimp that goes in the seafood Tofu soup should have the skin on with whiskers or whatever those things are called on the shrimps head. It maintains freshness of the soup broth and tastes 100% times better. The shrimp Ga Hyang used had to be frozen shrimp. They smell too fishy. The quality of the food was not good. The fish cake side dish had the flavor but it was really cold and the texture was dry. The thing that I was most disappointed about  was that my favorite side dish, the soy sauce/viniger marinated jalepeno, was sweet and gross. :( So sad... It should be crunchy and slightly tangy/sour? from the vinegar. Plus, it's not that hard to split checks. The lady gave a big sigh and an attitude when my friend asked for separate checks. Why ask and allow it in the first place then? I wouldn't do that in front of my customers, especially if you want them to come back. This just made me miss Los Angeles a lot. The korean restaurants in La outbeats any restaurant in Arizona. If anyone knows any good quality Korean restaurants in Arizona, I dare you to recommend me one. Till then, I'll have to make Korean food at home or wait till I go back to Cali. (I know I'm a harsh critic, but I'm a foodie....deal with it! :p ....and I'm korean)
5	The female owner is awesome. We pulled in around 1am after a hard night of drinking and the owner took care of us.  I let her know that we are used to the really good Korean food in Los Angeles and she accepted the challenge. She made some great suggestions and the food was wonderful. The complimentary side dishes were great and we ate it up as fast as it hit the table. She even came over and cut up our meat and stirred our food for us so that we didn't burn ourselves. Overall, a GREAT late night spot that blows away it's competition.
5	Excellent side dishes. I come here every Friday night. Soondae soup is excellent. This restaurant open late till 2Am. It's good for me. Now gah yang is my favorite restaurant.
4	Very good selection of side dishes. Sweet and sour pork, teriyaki salmon, and kalbi dolsot bibimbap were spot on. Waiters were attentive and atmosphere very Korean... Just a bit pricey, esp 11.99 for the bibimbap and 13 for the salmon. The sweet and sour was also 13 or so but that plate was huge and could feed two. Unfortunately the sweet and sour dish doesn't come with rice so its another 1.50 for a small bowl. What was unique about the sweet and sour dish was that it also had cooked strawberries in it!
5	I love Korean food. This place was awesome. They spoke Korean which was nice, nothing lost in translation then. but they also speak fluent English as well. I has the black bean paste noodles and they were the best i have ever had. Service was typical for a small cafe style. every time i go there is only like two other parties there. The food is top notch and the service is fine. They very traditional Korean dishes and actual Korean beer! Tables give you seclusion which i like. atmosphere is very nice, i feel like i could spend a couple of hours there eating and drinking
5	I took a huge detour to try their Sul Lung Tang, a beef broth Korean dish that's easy to find back home in LA. Along with the Korean drama that was playing on a huge flat screen, it kinda reminded me of my mom's cooking. If this place was any closer, I would be their number one customer.
3	We ended up here on a Friday night close to 10pm, partly because there aren't many restaurants in the Valley open this late and partly, because we tried it before and found it "okay".  This time, I wanted to order the campong; but the waitress made it clear, in both word and facial expression, that it would take a long time to make and it was obvious she didn't want me ordering it for that reason.  That was fine.  I had instead a dish, which basically took most of what is presented as cold appetizers in multiple dishes brought to the table, except mixed together, served very hot on a bed of rice and included an egg and a little meat.  While I do enjoy the cold appetizer dishes, I have to admit, they taste better very hot.  My partner had a soup, which could be best described as pot stickers in broth.  The amount of food was copious and we were quite happy with what we got  (which was not the case the first time we came here).  The fact that neither of us are Koreaphiles and know Korean food doesn't exactly help in choosing items.  For one thing, almost every dish on the "entree" page is soup.  While I readily admit that Vietnamese Pho, for example, could easily fill you up, because everything and anything is thrown into the soup, I come from a background where soup is something served as an accompaniment to a meal, not a meal in itself.  So, mentally, a soup for dinner wouldn't cut it with me.  The 'non-soup' entrees are limited and are on the menu's back page; so don't despair if you can't seem to find items that aren't soup!The restaurant is small and intimate.  There are a few booths made to look like stereotypical Korean "huts".  I feel like I'm in a cage sitting in one of them; my partner likes the privacy and cozy feeling they provide.  A TV plays in the background, which might be fine, if you understand Korean.  However, the scenes from a report about some hospital and skin diseases (along with a blurred image of a man doing his business at a urinal) is not really something I want to be seeing while I eat.There have been complaints on Yelp, that they're not very attentive when it comes to filling the appetizer dishes.  I can only say, that these appetizers arrived after we were sitting a very long time and (coincidentally?) very close before the main meals came out.  Whether this is done on purpose to limit how much of the appetizers you'll eat before your dinner shows up so they don't have to refill it, I don't know.  But the coincidence seems pretty strange; especially considering other complaints about this very topic.To sum up, while I would enjoy a bi-yearly trip here (six months ... two years ... you choose the meaning!), Korean food simply isn't something that wows me enough to make the effort to make a special trip out here ... especially from the west valley, some 45 minutes away.  The food is hearty; can be very spicy (though I didn't think overly so ... maybe I'm just very used to spicy food); and, let's face it, "basic".  I've yet to have ANY Korean food that I'd describe as "finessed" or "subtly spiced".  That may just be me.  Sushi will always get top billing with me (but not other Japanese food!); followed by Vietnamese and then Szechuan.  Korean food just seems to be something that I find "collides violently" with my taste buds and assaults the senses.  As proletarian as my taste in food can be, I just don't find enough variety in taste to make the cuisine something I can get excited over.  Add to that a small restaurant, which is very hot in summer (when we last went), crowded, not cheap and has slow service and my enthusiasm drops even more.I don't dispute fans, who've written that this is the next best place to Inchon or Seoul in the Valley.  Like I said, I'm no aficionado of this cuisine, so I wouldn't know.  I can only say, my taste buds told me, that this food and the service in this restaurant is more "Pyongyang" than it is anything down south.Acceptable; but no "wow"
4	Fantastic! How often can we say in Arizona that we have a Korean restaurant open until 2am?!? Not only is that great, but to top it off, the food was excellent. My girlfriend had the squid stir fry which they cut the squid the cross pattern which allowed it to stay soft, and I had the kimchi soup, which was fantastic as well. It's a bit far from where I live, but I would love to give it another try when I'm near this area of town!
5	I can't say enough about this place.  It's open late (but not on Mondays...watch it!) and it is good comfort food.  I always eat the Seafood Bibim Bap (Haemul Dolsot Bibim Bap) and it is excellent!  They bring you several sides of vegetable dishes, along with the main dish sizzling in a hot stone bowl.  If you like Korean food -- or want to try it -- this is the place to go.  Enjoy!
4	I would give this place a full five if it wasn't for some of the service. The food? It's amazing. Cafe Ga Hyang is a constant for me, and never fails to satisfy the craving for some delicious Korean food. The menu is a bit pricey, but know that the restaurant does give big portions and there is a 9/10 chance you'll be taking some of your meal home with you. The menu has a wide variety- from basic chicken teriyaki for those afraid to try new things, to japchae and bibimbap and a menagerie of seafood dishes for those who go to the Korean cafe for, well, actual Korean food. The banchan (small side dishes for those who don't know by know) are always tasty and from them I've discovered my love of bean sprouts. My only warning is that if you are new to Korean food, don't try to be exponentially brave. It's always good to ask questions and to listen to the servers- they have served plenty of people and know what they're saying. My first time there I ordered something at random and ignored the advice of the waitress, only to end up eating nothing because the dish was such a surprise to me and I had no idea what half of it was (nor that egg would be in it, yulk). For those who want smaller prices and a smaller serving portion, ask for the lunch menu.. which brings me to my next point: the service.At first we were offered the lunch menu when we happened to make the time (I believe it's 11 to 2? Don't quote me on that), but afterwards we always had to ask. When we did this, it was always an obvious look of dissatisfaction from the waitress before she left to get the menus, or "just tell me what you want" and no lunch menu was brought to be looked over. Well.. I was asking for the menu to see what I want to order, perhaps I wanted to try something different? Aside from this, the wait staff is friendly. You get refills often or if it's a busier day, they simply leave a pitcher of your choice of drink and you can feel free to converse without interruption. You always get a 'hello' and a 'goodbye' and if you frequent the place, they do care to recognize you as a regular. As I said, aside from the peeve with the lunch menu, I have zero complaints about the staff.Last up? Ambiance. I always go when it's around lunch time or earlier in the morning so I've always entered the place when it's quiet. I love that they have the tables out in the open, or the much more private booths. There has never been an issue with cleanliness concerning the tables or the overall restaurant, and the tv's there make interesting enough conversation if you don't know Korean, to where you can try to figure it out (for those who care to be interested in other cultures. I find my brother is irritated with the fact he can't understand but that's just him). It's quiet. Nice. Peaceful. It's an A+ place for conversation and trying something new. Overall I love the place, and I'm only sad that I can't frequent it more often as I live a bit far.
1	We came in tired from a long drive from Grand Canyon. But we were not even greeted.. after being seated they didnt come get our order until we finally got their attention.. they rudely told us that what we ordered was not available.. A young child in our group asked the server if he can borrow a pen to play games on his napkin while waiting for the food. She snatched the pen from his hand and walked into the kitchen. An elderly woman in our group asked for water with no ice. Server rolled her eyes and never came back with the water. Of course our food came out really late. Seriously I've never seen such rude service straight up in our faces.. overall the service was so so bad. It put us in a bad mood before we even ate the food.
3	The service was very slow. We had to wait 15 minutes just to get water. And then another 20 for our meal!Food was pretty good. Bulgogi was on point. If I were to come back, I would have that they would up the ante in terms of speed and staff.
4	Please don't judge this place by the "I'm entitled to everything because I'm the customer and the customer is always right" mentality, because the ladies don't give a crap.  If you're hungry, they'll feed you.  If you're looking for the royal treatment, go somewhere else.  This place reminds me of a lot of the restaurants in Korea, where ahjumma's () take your order and treat you like a niece or nephew.  At least they bring you water; a lot of places in Korea are self-service.  In that regards, I can say this place is the most authentic Korean restaurant in the state.  Also, they're open until like 2 AM.  Hell yes.  Most of the food is great.  I'm Korean, and I've tried most of everything on the menu. Yes, their kimchee-jjigae is made differently than my moms, but it's still tasty as hell.  So are a lot of the other dishes and banchans.  You can't expect the same style of Korean food in every restaurants, considering even in the tiny country of Korea, there's an estimated 200 types of kimchee.  That's not accounting for how each family makes theirs a little differently.I'll give you a quick rundown of all the dishes I can remember.Sullung-tang(/):  The one soup I was disappointed with here.  The broth is weak and not very flavorful.  It's so simple and yet so difficult to get this soup right.  It's no wonder there are many restaurants in Korea that specialize in this one soup only.  Galbi-tang():  My go-to soup.  OMG this soup is good.  Go have some and thank me later.  Best combo bite with this: put your rice in the soup.  Get a spoonful of soup and rice and then place a nice fermented piece of kimchee/ggahkdugi on top.  Then place in mouth.  Chew and moan.  Repeat.Shrimp gganpoongi ():  Every person I've taken to this place has loved this.  So much pepper and garlic on it, and yet so good.  They don't skimp out on the shrimp nor the quality/size of the shrimp they use.  Worth every penny.  Don't get as a main dish because that's weird.  Order one for the table and share.  Ddukbok-i ():  I order this without fail every time I go as the standard starting dish.  It's slightly different every time, because it's actually cooked here with fresh veggies and peppers.  So so good.  Again, order this as something to share with your loved ones, ordering it as a main dish is weird.dolsot galbi bibimbap ():  This sizzling bowl of rice with assorted veggies and rib meat is amazing.  See the red ketchup bottle she gives you?  It's not ketchup.  It's magical pepper paste sauce.  Squeeze a pretty pattern on your bowl and mix.  Borrow your neighbors spoon.  It's easier.  Just give them the spoon back full, not empty.  soon dae guk ():  Pork blood sausage soup.  The sausage isn't homemade, but I don't expect it to be.  It'll do to satisfy my craving for it while I'm away from Korea.  The soup?  Amazeballs.  Fresh perilla leaves with roasted seeds gives this soup a new taste you've probably never tasted before.   Jjam-bbong():  It's never been my choice, since I've always been on the Jjajangmyun () side of the Jjajang or Jjambbong (  ?) choice.  Huuuge portions though, and everyone I've seen that ordered it loves it.  If you love seafood and noodles, this is for you.Jjajangmyun (): I've tried this once and didn't really care for it.  Not bad but not amazing like some of the dishes I've reviewed above.  Another reason many restaurants in Korea specialize in this dish.  It's the #1 delivery food in Korea.  Jaeyook-bokkeum ():  stir-fried well-ripened kimchee and pork-belly pieces are a little sweet for my taste but still very good.  One downside, they are very stingy with the meat in this dish.  You've got to go fishing around for it and there's not much to go around.  I've ordered this 2-3 times and it hasn't changed.  Final word:  The Korean law of "Jung" () dictates that when you go enough to be a regular and develop a likable relationship with the staff, the number and amount of premium side dishes and meat chunks in your galbi-tang or fish cakes in your ddukbok-i doubles.Edited:  I typed in all the Korean in parentheses, but I guess yelp doesn't support it.
5	I feel in love with Korean food!! This place has never disappointed on satisfying my taste buds. I have to admit at first I didn't like this type of food, but I gave it a second chance and now all I think about is Korean, Korean, Korean, I'm turning Korean! I really recommend this place. You have to try the duk boki and kalbi dolsot bibimbap they're out if this world!
5	Best korean food! Best service!!They don't use MSG.  food was great. What can I say~I will come back this restaurant when I have a chance to visit Phoenix again..
3	Like another Yelper has mentioned-hey, I'm from California too and Korean food is something I seriously love. Don't get me wrong, I don't mean to say Cafe Ga Hyang isn't authentic but it's just A-OK. Then again my sweet, sassy Ahjummas who run the cafe you are probably the best Korean spot in this town, so... nolja~!Ate here with my family and noticed the slow service, this seems to be an apparent trend amongst Korean restaurants where the owners are a pair of women running the entire place on their own. We finally got to order after being served waters, banchan and ordered the: Jajangmyeon, Kalbi Dolsot Bibimbap and Bulgogi. The food took a while, but came out in huge portions. Banchan- tasted alright, though my favorites were the cucumber kimchi, fishcake and shredded daikon kimchi. Everything else was a bit too sweet or lacked in flavor.Jajangmyeon- noodles not as chewy, sauce was good with pieces of carrot, potato, onion and beef, garnished with cucumber slices and had a portion enough to feed 3 people. Was told this dish takes long because they make their own noodles, but wish they were a bit more chewy.Bulgogi- good flavor, but seems to be marinated for too long as the meat's texture started to feel grainy and overly tender. perhaps if there was a more meaty chew to it, it would be good.The service here does lack, but it is understaffed. Saw a lot of parties leave, after being left to wait for one of the women to take their oder. Food is okay in terms of taste, price on the menu does not reflect actual price on the bill and is a bit expensive. For 3 orders, our bill was about $50 which seems a bit excessive. The only good thing I would say is that they are open late and is one of the few Korean restaurants in the area.
5	This is the best Korean food I've had in Arizona and given that we have a decent sized Asian population, stores and restaurants here that's a big compliment! I had the Kalbi Bibimbap and the Jap Chae noodles. This is what I always order in every Korean reastaurant so I have a lot to compare it to. Both were very fresh with excellent flavor. Service was great, very friendly and helpful wait staff. The garnishes were fresh and very tasty as well. Damn I love those little potatoe cubes. If you've never had Korean food they had photos on the wall of the most popular menu items.  My only complaint is that it's a bit expensive but that's not a bad mark against this particular restaurant because I feel like all Korean restaurants are about the same price, $10-$12 for an entree with very little meat.  However, I still loved it and although I wished I had a little more protein it was still a value in that it was well prepared and tasted great!
5	Wasn't sure about this place due to previous reviews but I was really craving Korean food. The food did not disappoint. My wife and I lived everything they brought out. I could see how some one could say the service was slow due to there only being one server but we didn't experience this at all. The server was so friendly and welcoming. When the place did full up she still made time for us. When our food came out it was rather fast. We will be coming back again but next time will be splitting one of their great entrees.
5	My all time top favorite Korean places to go to. Great side dishes and Sue is such a sweetheart. I always order the Jap Chae (sp?) and it is really great! try it if you haven't had it yet. You wont be disappointed. Also Open very late which is always great
3	Just average korean food. Kalbi was too dry & overall not worth the money. Kalbi Tang was also not the best. Ddok boki was just alright. The banchan was the best part of our meals. Waitress didn't want to serve us dessert so we left to get dessert else. Service was below average.
4	my wife was not feeling well so we ordered to take out. They were so accomodating and friendly and willing to help me order.The food was memorable and I go back often. Priced right, not flashy...give this one a try
1	Horrible, just horrible! Went there last night for Korean food and the lady server was so mean to us we had to walk out of there while waiting for our food.First of all, when I asked her about the menu and what her recommendation was, she was like "What do you want me to say? Just order what you like." OK, shook my head and ordered. Then we asked for ban-chan and she said she is not going to give it to us until we get our meal and that we had no common sense. She tried to give us a full lecture about how traditional way of eating Korean food should be. I did not go to this restaurant to get a lecture from this lady. I am Korean and I know how to eat Korean food! I have never received this kind of customer service in my life and I really think this lady needs to learn the basics of customer service. I'm from New York and I thought at least the people would be nicer than this. This is truly a shame that she treats people of her own kind like she did. People, be aware of this restaurant and go to Ohya restaurant which we went to after we escaped this hell hole. The customer service was amazing at Ohya! I don't know if the food might have been better at Cafe Gahyang but I certainly do not want to eat at a restaurant that has a kind of service she provided. Good thing I don't live around this area so I don't have to think about going back there LOL
5	Very inventive side dishes! Persimmon kimchi is out of this world! The owner makes it herself. Awesome
4	LOVE KOREAN FOOD. Good place, great authentic people. Love the small side dishes. always ready to eat. Though recently they started serving smaller portions of their side dishes which is really disappointing. Servers though do have good recommendations and will provide helpful answers to any questions you may have about the menu.
5	I heard of this place from a friend so I stopped by there with another mutual friend and it really felt like I was in Seoul. I ordered Bibimbap and it was delicious, my friend ordered Kimchi Chigae and her little sister ordered the Samgyupsal. I had a taste of everything and it was FABULOUS. There were soooo many side dishes. The older lady who works there is just SO amazing. She is super friendly and helped me mix my food and told me many things the first time I ever had Korean food. It was really nice! I go there quite a lot now and the older lady knows me and my friends. She is an amazing lady and will help you with everything and start convo's with you.I do admit the food was slow, but I cant blame them because there is only one chef and when there is a lot of people in the restaurant, the older lady will help cook. So dont blame them, they don't have a lot of staff :c I would really recommend this place (:
1	Came at 1 am , STARVING. They close at 2 am; clearly the signs says it as well. There must not have been any customers tonight because as we were pulling up and entering, they turned off the open sign and saw their feet shuffling away. I scoffed in dismay, they looked like they were hiding from the cops lol.The door was open so we peeked our heads in and asked if they were open. They were pissed and the cook forcefully  waved his hand in ANNOYANCE.The girl asked us "how many" ... If it'll be worth it for them to stay and serve us.Horrible treatment to their customers. This is not the first time we've received attitude from them for eating late. Will not be back, no grilling anyways.
3	I've eaten at a Korean restaurant one other time where we got to sit on pillows on the floor.  This was in a different city, in a different state, in a different time, in a different point of my life....My experience at Cafe Ga Hyang was not as good as that time, but I'll give it three stars for the food.I was anticipating the banchan because I like little bowls of numerous treats on the table, but most of the items were too tangy for my palate.  Also, I made the mistake of not grabbing my bowl of food right way.  The woman serving our table mixed it "for me" and added sauce while saying, "This is how you eat it."I kept calm and carried on, but I was seething inside.  I don't like my food mixed with rice - ever!  And how could she possibly know whether or not I wanted any sauce!!  I didn't touch a bite so the other folks at the table ate it up and said it was good.The other platter which I ordered (something fish-y) was good as were the spring rolls too.  Someone else ordered a salmon plate and that was okay.  If it weren't for the tasty garnish, it would not have impressed me.
5	Went here for the first time recently and absolutely loved it!!!  The service was great and our server answered all of our questions about the menu. I don't eat meat, so she made some recommendations and modified a dish to have more veggies and tofu!  The small dishes they bring out were great and the dish I got was served in a hot stone bowl and was just incredible.  Cannot wait to go back and try more items!!!!
5	I am from Los Angeles California, which I visited it  numerous restaurants in Korea town in L.A.. I was not expecting a great tastes like my town....it was very surprise!!! Even better than many of great restaurants in L.A.!!!! All side dishes r tastes great too!!!!! Owner knows how to cook with out MSG!!!! It's AWSOME!!!!
4	Great food and service! We have been here twice so far. 2nd time, we brought a group of friends with us to share in the yummy food. They all enjoyed it, even my friend who was a bit skeptical since she is not familiar with Korean food. Traditional Korean style, they bring out small dishes of various treats before your meal comes out (included with your meal, not a separate charge, what a deal!). Don't judge a book by it's cover...the location may not look 5 star, but the food is! Prices are also very reasonable. Waitress was helpful in making suggestions. Parking is good. I picked this place because someone on Yelp said they don't use MSG. They don't state it on their menu, but as someone who gets migraines from MSG, I have not had any issues after eating their food...yeah, since I love Asian food and it's hard to find places who don't use MSG.
3	Against all odds, this place is decent. Just expect slow service. This Korean restaurant is like pretty much every other - loud, quick, has Korean tv shows blasting 24/7, etc. You've probably been somewhere like this before, and that's fine. The only thing to note of any merit is the location is smaller than normal. The food here is good. While I have had better bibimbap and similar dishes, those available here are rather good and adequately spicey. No punches are pulled, which I greatly appreciate. The winner here was probably the soups available, but I may be biased due to the relatively colder weather. The service here deserves mention and half-complaint. There was one - that is, ONE- lady running the entire show here. Taking orders, refilling drinks, etc. While the place is small, this setup nonetheless still fails horribly: refills are a bit too slow, food is a bit too delayed, food sits on the counter a little too long, etc.  Thing is, despite her slightly impatient personality, this isn't the server's fault - no one could handle the volume at a place like this singlehandedly. It just doesn't make sense, and it makes the experience somewhat unpleasant. Long story short, the food here is good, but the service problem needs to be rectified immediately.
3	Pros:The food tasted very good. (Bibim bap & duk buki) The atmosphere was nice. Had private tables and nice decorations. A unique date idea if you are hungry up until 2amCons:Slow serviceNever refilled side dishes or water. Waved for attentions. Not the friendliest servers Only came up to us 3 times: give us menus,  give us water/take order,  give us food and check. Walk passed us but didn't come to us when cup was empty and at end of the table
5	Fantastic!  We were greeted so warmly and treated so well that it set the tone for the evening.  Restaurant a bit difficult to find as it's in a small plaza.  The bibimbap was absolutely outstanding.  Also impressive is the full array of mini tasters that come before the meal. So much fun.  Would highly recommend this.
