5	I read about this new attraction in the Las Vegas Sun and decided to make a trip down to Fremont Street to give it a try.  Since my Son was off of school today, I brought him along.  The attraction is located on the far East side of Fremont Street, which is closest to Las Vegas Blvd.  The best place to park is the parking garage on the corner of Fremont Street & Las Vegas Blvd.  It's pretty cheap for parking....we were there for 2 hours and paid $3.I posted a video on YouTube if you want to see the experience:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxzOl3TXeJsThe ticket office for this attraction is on the Fremont Street level next to the Walgreens.  Tickets are $15 each for 1 ride, $25 for 2 rides, $30 for 3 rides....that's per person.  In other words, 3 people riding once will pay $45 total.....capiche?  Cool....Since we didn't know if we'd enjoy it, we paid $15 each for the single ride.  We should have paid $30 each for the 3 pack.....because we ended up riding a 2nd time.  The girl was cool and only charged us $10 each for the 2nd ride as if we paid for the 2 pack....not sure she'll hook you up like that though, so don't expect that.  (see pics for full price list and all day discount pricing)The launch pad is I think 60 ft in the air and you access it by going to the 5th floor (roof) of the parking garage, which is the same building the ticket office is located.  We made our way up there and waited in line.  Everyone in line was pretty nervous, including myself.  I'm not a fan of heights, but wanted to give this a try.  My Son was pretty brave....he wasn't nervous at all....until we got up to the edge of the platform.You get strapped into a harness and get some instruction.  Here are some tips:- Don't wear flip flops or sandals with no ankle straps....if you do, they'll make you take them off and put them in a netted bag.- Purses or bags without secure straps will not be allowed on the ride.- Don't wear anything with loose pockets or if you do, don't put anything in them because it could fly out easily.- Don't wear loose sunglasses.  They could fly of easily with the airflow generated during the ride.- They don't allow pictures to be taken during the ride, for obvious reasons...ie your camera could slip out of your hands and seriously injure someone on the ground.It sounds like a lot of rules, but it's common sense.  Knowing this in advance will save you a trip back to your car or hotel room.The zipline can handle groups up to 4 people at one time.  A quick hint if you want to get on/off the ride fast.....ride as a single.  They're always looking for a single to fill up a group of three, which happened often while we were there.We were nervous on the final walk up the stairs to the launch pad....when you get up there the instructor will attach you to a cable until you're secured on the zipline.  Each person will be hooked up to the zipline and given instructions on what to do.  I admit, I was nervous all the way up until the launch of our 1st ride.  It looks much higher from the launch pad than from the ground.After everyone is given instructions, he releases the safety clip and you lift up your legs and your body weight launches you down the zipline.  If you want to go really fast, tuck your knees up to your chest like a cannon ball dive in a pool.....you'll pick up speed right away.  If you stay in this position, you'll maximize your speed all the way through the ride.....this was a tip given to us by the instructor.The ride itself is very fun.....you feel like you're flying above everyone, because you are.  It was very exhilarating and I felt free.  The landing is the roughest part.....you slam into a padded stopping mechanism and your momentum swings you up quickly while an employee secures your line with a rope.  I was amazed at how fast we came in on the landing.....the 2nd time around I nailed the employee in the shoulder with my knee....I'm surprised he didn't go down.  He said it happens all day long.....I wouldn't want his job.After your ride, you get your picture taken and you have the option to purchase pictures of your ride.....prices are $10 each for the 1st 2 pics, then $5 a pic after that.  I paid for 4 pics since we couldn't take any on the ride itself.....nice to have as a souvenir for the 1st time, won't pay for it again though.  I didn't post those pics because I don't have a scanner.  The pics I posted of people on the zipline were other riders.  The pics from the launch pad was from my perspective....I put the camera away just before launch.Overall, it was an exhilarating ride and we had a blast.Will we return?  There's no doubt about it.....I'm taking all of my friends who visit from out of town to ride.
5	Way cool!  My wife and I did this zip line before 6 pm, only $15 to fly about a third of Fremont St.  It was smooth.  We did it and we are both 50 year olds.  You get strapped in and you just have to lift your legs to go.  My wife had a bit of difficulty lifting one leg but the assistant "guided her" off the platform.  She enjoyed it and even bought a picture of her trip.
5	We went to Fremont Street to try and catch the light show.  While waiting, we saw this zipline attraction. I was excited to try but I have to admit the moment I was up on the deck I froze.  I was mortified and scared of heights.  Took me about 10 minutes or so to calm down and the guy assisting was a little frustrated and annoyed with me because I was holding up the line.  But eventually I went while screaming on top my lungs like I was about to get killed in a horror movie.  In the end, it was a fun ride.  I'm glad I tried it.
4	This is cool.  Heard about it on the news and decided to trek over.  By the way, the last time that I actually ziplined was in Mexico and it was in the forest.  So, I was looking forward to this experience.The zipline is actually located within the Fremont Street Experience.  It cost about $15 bucks for one ride before 6pm... after 6pm, it bumps up to $20 per ride.  If you want an all day pass, it costs $50... By the way, if you have the $50, I would scurry up and dish it out.  It is worth the multiple rides.The ride itself lasts only 15-30 seconds or so (depending on whether you canonball it or do spread-eagle... honestly, it was too exhilirating and I didn't time it... next time though.  It is cool to fly over the crowds (especially at night!!!!) when it is packed below.  By the way, if you have not done this before, head to the BATHROOM before you jump on this ride.  Like bungy jumping, you can piss in your pants... Trust me, the crowd likes to drink the yellow liquid ~ beer... not the other liquid...LOL.!!!Anyways, this is worth the trip.  However, I would say that I would have liked the ride to be LONGER!!!  Also, this would be amazing if they somehow manage to add a ZIP line on the Las Vegas strip.  Imagine going several miles down the zip line.  Also, imagine if they can have it at the top of one building going to another.... hell, I shell out some serious cash to get that rush...Cheers,
5	Awesome great! I noticed there was a zip line running where the Fremont lights are. I saw the sign and it was cheap considering only $15 before 6pm. I was totally down to go - there was no line and the service was really fast. I walked up the five stories to the launch pad and the guys hook you up to a harnest. They can either push you or you can jump - so I jumped lol. My skinny best friend got stuck 3/4 down the line cause she was so light - so a guy had to jump on the line to save her while I already made it to the other side laughing my brains off. It was such a great time and a great experience! I wanted to do it more than once!
5	This was awesome! Soaring above the glitter gulch that is Fremont Street - crowds beneath your feet and neon flooding your vision. So awesome!And it is relatively cheap too (when you consider how much other attractions in Vegas can cost). $20 at night and $15 during the day. And the wait, even though the line seemed long, was only about 30 minutes (there's a sign in the window where you purchase tickets that lets you know ahead of time how long you will likely wait).I got some stomach flutters as I approached the launch deck. But it's a little hard to be even slightly scared when right behind you is a 10-yr old telling you how this his 12th ride today (just $50 for an unlimited day pass).It was such a great experience. And it doesn't go that fast. You really can take in all of the sights as you zip down. As soon as it was over, I wanted to go again. I will definitely be doing this again and bringing more out-of-town visitors here. Someday I will convince my mom to actually participate, instead of waiting below and holding my purse.
5	Okay- as good as it gets in Las Vegas and on Fremont Street!  For $15 per person, it was cheap fun/thrill/excitement that lasted a whole 30 seconds!Haha, it was my first time and my girls first time zip-lining.  My girls are all 13/14 years old and they thoroughly enjoyed it.  They've already planned the next trip when my daughter comes back to spend the summer here.  They want to stay at Golden Nugget ( for the pool and water-slide) and get a day pass for the zip-lining and do that all day...woo lucky me!!
5	Peter A. recommended me to the zip lines on Fremont Street as a 'must do' while in Vegas for Christmas. So what did I do Christmas Day? I flew over Fremont street 5 stories high! The Flightlines did not disappoint! It was fun, interesting, and an adrenaline rush! We went at night so it was $20, but worth it for the experience! The line moved quickly after you signed your life away on their release form. They weight you (I mean everyone no matter how you look) and hold you to their 250lbs. weight limit. They ask if you want to buy a t-shirt (I did not). Then you take an elevator 5 stories up and get in line to fly. The line moves quick and they take 4 at a time. We had a group of four so it worked great. But, if it's just a single rider you could jump the line to fill a group of three up. You feel really secure on the line and are strapped in tight. I had no fear of falling, surprisingly. Time flies when you're flying so, try and take in all the scenery and senses. They take your photo pretty close to landing (I didn't know this). So, make all you sweet action faces as you approach the landing! You can look at them and purchase them after the ride.Don't be scared when you zip in to land. Those guys actually do catch you! I'll second Peter A. and say this is a must do' in Vegas!
3	Not the best Zip Line you can ever experience but what more can you do when its located in downtown Vegas.  $20 for one try but I believe it's cheaper before 6pm.  If its your first time ever ziplining, I'm sure you'll have a blast and if you're a lady I suggest wearing a skirt if you like attention.  Law of physics will also play a part of how fast you will go. I estimate the zip line having about a 25% angle going down from start to finish, so the more junk you have in your trunk, the faster your ride will be.Go at night because the experience is better with the ceiling light of fremont putting on a show while you're up there.  Next time maybe I'll wear a skirt to put on a show for the ladies.  Who am I kidding, i'm filipino....not that much to show if you're comparing me to your ex black boyfriend.
5	Rockstar!!  It goes by faster than you want...but well worth 20$...I will do it again!!!!
4	The most creative Christmas present I have ever received. You basically pay $20 (for night rides...the best time to go), take an elevator 5 stories up, strap in and go sailing. It was sooooo much fun and made me giggle with glee. My only complaint (and why I didn't give it 5 stars) was that it was too short. They take your picture somewhere towards the end. Mine looked like somebody goosed me. To the guys out there...when they put the harness on you...it makes your junk more noticeable...and you know that made me laugh. Overall it was an awesome experience that you have to do at least once. Great  first date ice breaker (your date will think you are a creative genius).
4	We recently go a Groupon for Fremont Street Flightlines. I had this bookmarked as something I wanted to try, so when I saw the Groupon, I snatched it up. You start at the top of a parking structure and zoom across Fremont Street Experience, flying above the head of tourists. You go quick enough for it to be fun but slow enough to get a good view of everything. It was quite a bit of fun, and I'd definitely consider going back. I would definitely recommend this to tourists.
4	I'm not sure I would have done this if I had to pay full price, but thanks to the Groupon deal for $10 a few weeks ago, I decided to go for it. After signing my life away I was in a package-accentuating safety harness in about 5 minutes. The harness itself was in good condition, but the nylon rope connecting you to the steel cable itself was worn and didn't really ease my nerves. Once you get going on the zip-line, its exhilarating for maybe the first five seconds, but as you get lower and start to slow down, it loses its excitement. My recommendation would be to do this after 6pm when the light shows start, or if you have never done a zip-line before. Otherwise its probably not worth the cost.
4	Totally worth $10! I'm not saying it's not worth $15 (before 6pm) or $20 (after 6pm). But with our $10 Groupons, it was a steal. I'm not sure if the experience is enhanced by the lights of the Fremont Street canopy. If I didn't have a Groupon, I'd definitely try to go before 6pm.The zip down Fremont Street is nice and relaxing. I would never say this is an adrenaline rush, but then again, I didn't get nervous about skydiving for the first time last year. If you have a fear of heights, you might find it intimidating.I ended up buying a few of the photos they take of you both on and off the ride. Just a word of warning: the photo quality is much better on their screen than in the print. They must have crappy printers or something. In this case, the "they" is Cashman Photo, so I can't fault Fremont Street Flightlines for this.p.s. I find it amazing that girls ride this thing in skirts and dresses. But honestly, who's complaining?
5	I only wish we were in Boulder to do this but I'm settling for Las Vegas Downtown.  I didn't think this was going to be a big deal watching people zip down from one end to the other.  Until I got up to the top with my cousins.  The tingly sensation of being way up high gave the sensation of excitement and fear of falling and breaking my bones if something happened.Awesome thing is the employees who hooked me up to the line and secured my harnesses knew what they were doing.  They definitely gave me a sense of security of doing this and not hurting any part of my body.  The zip from one end to the other was thrilling and exciting.  I wish I could do it again.  I had so much fun!Anyone in Vegas should do this.  It's worth every dollar and would pay to go on it again.  Just watch out for drunk guys who starts chatting you up for no apparent reason and won't leave you alone unless you move to the front of the line unnoticed.  That just makes the experience annoyingly funny.
5	Super fun! Just such a perfect Vegas over-the-top crazy thing, while the videos play loud over your head and the people below cheer at you zooming by... I was a little nervous but it was not scary even a little bit. Still very fun though, and the people that worked there were fast and friendly, making you feel secure, if a bit rushed. Worth the $20. I was surprised it didn't cost more, especially since it's cheaper before 6pm. Would do it again in a second.
4	A lot of fun and worth every penny, which was not expensive either. We encountered a total of 11 people.  Everyone was great, excited and made the experience fun EXCEPT for 2 people (please read below).  The two females that we first encountered to sign up.  The girl that has you sign the contract and the one that takes your money have the worst customer service.  I actually wasn't going to do it because they were rude and had attitudes.  That was my first impression of the company.  They should move those two girls to a position that does not involve public interaction.  I wish I could separate the two ratings but unfortunately I cannot so I will only give it 4 stars.  Try it, you will like it and want to do it over and over again.
4	This is a very fun thing to do.  I thought I'd have problems with the platform because it's 5 stories above the street.  However, not to worry.  When you walk up the stairs to get ready to go to the launch area, you are clipped in with a wire that's attached to a cable.  Besides, looking at the neon signs on Fremont Street East and then the canopy west was a wonderful sight.Anyone who wants to know step by step what the procedure is should read P A.'s review.  They have really explained everything well!The ride is short, you don't go very fast, but it is a lot of fun!  I'll be back to do it again!
4	This is both a cautionary tale and a review.  Don't do this on weekend if you have to be somewhere at a particular time and, for the love of God, keep your hands low!  I will explain.My husband and I got groupons for this and decided to give it a try on a Saturday night.  The computer screen in the window said it was a 45 minute wait.  It was 7pm and we had 8pm dinner reservations so, perfect, plenty of time.They weigh you (no one over 250 lbs) and then make you sign a waiver, which actually went pretty quick.  The staff took our groupons no problem and actually seemed excited to get them.  However, there was some confusion as to whether I could take my purse up there, which was completely zipped up.  The lady ended up taking my purse, putting it in the locker, closing the locker with a plastic tie, and giving me a little piece of paper with the number 86 on it.  Ok.The staff also didn't tell us where to go but we figured the elevators were our best bet.  In the elevator on the way up to the 5th floor, we met up with a family who had done it earlier in the day.  And the kid had a black eye.  He explained that he got a black eye when they hit the brake at the end.  He abruptly stopped and his face went into the sling holding him up.  His advice - keep your face to the side.I was completely confused and concerned about how this kid could have gotten a black eye.  I thought about the whole time waiting in line, which took forever.I also noticed that people had purses.  WTF.  Turns out they will tether the purse to you so you don't drop it.  As long as the purse can be closed so stuff doesn't fall out, it doesn't seem to be an issue.My husband and I rock climb and we had plenty of time to look at the set up while waiting in line.  My husband, who understands more about physics than I do, determined that it is possible to flip yourself upside down on this thing because the harnesses are basic sit harnesses, not like the rock climbing ones we use.  After hearing this, I was determined to hold on. Upside down bad.Meanwhile, 8pm came and went.  So much for dinner reservations.Finally, we got up there and went through the set up.  The guy kept telling me to hold onto the sling connecting me to the zipline, but hold on low.  He even bothered to move my hands down again when I shifted them up and repeated the instructions.  The zipline ride was cool but, unfortunately, I was more focused on the end trying to figure out how the kid in the elevator got a black eye.  During all this, my hands worked their way up on the sling and when I came to a stop, bam, my own fist in my face.Luckily, it just hit my cheek and I did not have a black eye.  Just a tiny bruise on my cheek that did hurt a bit.  It could have been a lot worse.  At least now I understand how the kid got a black eye.  In the end, it took over 1.5 hours to do this on a Saturday night.  Plus, I had to run back to the start to get my purse.  In the end, we did not make our dinner reservation until 8:45pm and got glared at by the hostess who thought we were complete goobers.That being said, it's a lot of fun.  We got to see a bride and groom do the zipline and it was interesting seeing how they got the bride in the harness with a huge wedding dress.  Also funny to see girls in mini skirts try to get into the harnesses.  Not sure what they were thinking.  Wear pants, ladies.I came back again on a Wednesday just before 6pm for a UYE and it was much quicker.  Plus $15 instead of $20 if you buy your wristband before 6pm.  And I didn't punch myself in the face this time.  Yay!
4	Finally, I did this with a group of some Yelp pals (old and new) for a UYE.  I've been wanting to do this for a while.  You can't go down Fremont Street anymore without some person or two zooming above your head these days.  So it got to me, and I had to add it to my "Things I've Done" list.Admittedly, the sign up sheet is a little scary.  They talk of waiving all liabilities, fooling around may cause death, etc., and I know it's all "CYA" legalese, but for some reason, it made me a little nervous.Getting up there, I was fitted with my harness (a little snug in the nethers, but I'd prefer a tight fit if I'm going to be flinging about for two blocks or more).  My main concern, being that I am of a light build, was that I'm going to get halfway across, run out of momentum, and just sit there, swinging back and forth saying "Well, crap" with a hint of resignation.  But I fit the weight limit, so all was well.Getting up there, the height didn't bother me.  Sure, I had a case of "twitchy leg" before they launched me, but once out and on my way, I enjoyed the ride.  It actually fairly relaxing cruising along Fremont Street, and kind of fun seeing the casinos at that level.  If you think you're going to be scared, don't be.  It really is enjoyable once you get going.At the end, I actually wanted a picture as I got a good action pose going, but the photos are $20.  Really?  That's way to expensive for a photo.  It's actually more expensive than the pre-6 o'clock prices.  The souvenir shouldn't cost more than the experience, and I'm going to be a little haughty in saying this, but if they had a local's discount, I would have bought one.  You pay for the ride, they have a tip jar, then they want to charge a potential third fee that's the most expensive?  No thank you.  Shame, really.  I wanted the picture. It's a cool experience.  I'd highly recommend it, and I'll more than likely go again because it's fun and novel and different.  And the staff was nice.  But I'd really suggest they drop the photo prices, as there's no reason why a print-out of a digital picture should cost that much.
5	Bored on Fremont Street? Walk your sober/drunk butt over to flightlinez., thats if youre chicken? *bak bak bak , sorry for the crappy sound effects lol* 1) if youre  250 lbs or more , theres no point gettin into line (I felt bad for one of my colleagues who stood in line for 30 mins and got turned away). Yes they will weigh you.If youre under the weight restriction, congrats. next you get to sign a waiver form and stand in another line.Then you walk over to the garage elevator on the 5th floor.  then wait in 3 other lines on the 5th floor of the garage.The total time it took for me from the entrance to the end of the ride was about 45 mins..again waiting time varies on times and crowds, etcThe HARNESS: Lord have mercy, that thing will give you a wedgie. Wear pants, dont wear booty shorts or skirts. Those harness' will hold you in securely.2)ladies, if youre wearing a skirt. Go next door to walgreens and buy some shorts. Some of the folk below dont want to see your undies or goods. besides have a lil decency for yourselves.3)Dress for the freaking weather, some girls just annoyed the hell out of me last night "we demand blankets". Uh excuse me, You knew it was a cold night in vegas. Suck it up! (as you can tell I dislike whine bags lol)This is worth every penny. May I suggest buying the all day pass? cause it adds up very quickly if you keep going back for more zip lining.however the most entertaining part is hearing the drunks talk how tough they are because they are doing this...lol. yeah, some people need liquid encouragement. some of the attire that I see on these people just crack me up. stilettos? really now?I tried to record my zip flight, but they told me to put away my camera..those bastards! maybe next time *evil laugh* oh where was I?However, My flight was at night and they were doing one of the shows, so that was pretty cool flying over a huge crowd, while I distracted the show lolMe? I was looking something fun to do on the street and I will be back for more (when I'm on that side of town of course).
5	Omigosh, the scariest and most fun thing I have ever done thus far in Vegas. DID I MENTION I'M AFRAID OF HEIGHTS!!?!!Like Nelson S. said in his review, not the best zip line you can experience but, for me it was the first step to bigger and better.It's cheap ($15) and it's short (don't ask me how long it was).Initially, I wasn't sure on even doing it because...let's be honest, I was hungover from St. Patty's night festivities! And I was more afraid of puking on someone below me than the actually heights thing.But, when I heard the cost of it; maaan, I just had to do it!!! The harness they put you in isn't the most comfortable thing to get strapped into but, TRUST ME, I strapped myself into that sucker so tight that I prolly needed to be cut out of it......I take no risks :pBtw, WEAR PANTS AND SNEAKERS (or shoes/slipper/heels that don't fly off your feet) for obvious reasons! I should def take note next time because I was in shorts and clogs :sThe hardest part of the whole experience was standing on the platform waiting to zipline cuz you're just standing there waiting "to be pushed off the scaffolding.."Once I was air, I screamed like no other. Then when I was in the, actually, Fremont Street Experience it was quite fun where I was yelling for more =) Kind of like an amusement park ride!When it was all said and done: I forgot I was hungover AND I wanted to do it alllllllllllllll over again!!!
5	I spent way too much money during my visit to Las Vegas over the weekend, but I can honestly say that this was the best $20 I spent.  Props to the ever-wonderful Guy C. for introducing me to this!
3	I finally tried this zipline last week since my Groupon was about to expire. Overall, I think it was a bit of a letdown. It was fun, but I was expecting a thrill ride and what I got was a leisurely slide above Fremont Street. Maybe my expectations were a little too high... I dunno. It was fun to do once (esp. at a discounted price) but not sure if I'd do it again. It would be cool if it was faster. It would be cool if it was longer. It's worth a shot if you're looking for something different to do, just don't expect a world-class zipline.
5	It's really cheap and fun.  I wish the zip line was longer, but very much worth it.  The actual wait in line can be misleading.  You wait in line to buy a ticket on the ground level, but once you take the elevator up to the platform there is another longer line to go on the zip line.  Just a heads up if you are in a rush.  Keep your eyes closed so you won't be detained as a witness to the shady drug deals going on below.  Remember this is Freemont Street.  Definitely a good time and will be back soon.
4	definitely overpriced, but if you buy the package deal it's not as bad. way fun if you're under the influence and have a big group.
4	At a high-end club it isn't unheard of for drinks to run from $10-15.  It sucks, but it it is what it is.  The cool thing is that, for this same cost, you could head over Fremont Street and you could zipline down the whole damn street.After stuffing myself at the Wicked Spoon Buffet, that's exactly what I did.  I came at about 9:00 on a Friday night and it took me about 75 minutes to get on the zipline.  It was definitely a unique experience and it was a lot of fun to swing down Fremont over thousands of people.  It's an awesome sight and it's a fun ride.  The cost is $15 if you come before 6.  After 6pm, it's $20.  If you want a picture of yourself on the zipline, they have pictures available for purchase, but they are a costly $20.Overall, I thought it was a cool experience and it's definitely one to try with a few friends.  Parking is available on the corner of 4th and Carson, by Walgreens.
5	A definite must do in Las Vegas. Absolutely some of the funnest fun you can have for $15 downtown. So, in summary. Must. Do. Fun.
4	Came with the fam-bam to visit briefly. Tried the Flightlinez zip line attraction. I thought that was the best attraction there. Lots going on here - you may catch a live concert or magician
4	Did not know you could Zipline in Vegas!!! Buddy Ken C told me that you can zipline down Freemont Street for about 20 bucks. This definitely peaked my interest, but when the time came, i didn't feel like it- maybe it was the fear of getting stuck in the middle of the zipline and having to wait for someone to come fetch me, while i hang over hundreds of people (which did happen to a girl we saw). The wait on a friday night took a very long time, over an hour. But from all the smiling faces i saw ziplining above me while i watched, it looked like a lot of fun. We videotaped our friend coming down - they sell pictures of you ziplining for $20.00. If ur lucky, you might get to zipline during the Queen show, where they dim the lights a bit and play "We Will Rock You". You can zipline at the same time with 3 other people, so it would be a cool group activity (you can get group prices). Maybe next time, if i get buzzed enough, i might take the "leap". I'll be sure to take a considerate plastic bag with me.
4	I complained the entire way up.  I did.  "Is it safe?"  "I don't do zip lines."  "It's not a question of whether it's fun:  it's a question of remaining alive."  I stopped short (barely) of hyperventiliating.  I hope I entertained the folks in line because I was at my most annoying.  Only when I heard that the guy behind me was from Skerries, Ireland (a town where a friend lives) did I stop.  Then we had to have our picture taken with him, and now our friend knows I'm kind of a freak.  (Maybe he knew that already.)I had a good time.  I'm not sure it was worth $20 but it was fun.
5	Fremont Street Flightlinez - Yep, me & hubby ziplined over Fremont.  Our first zipline.  Part of hubby's 60th B-day.  Fitgeralds actually paid for it from hubby's slot winnings - the Fitz still has coin machines.  The waiver you sign is 2 pages....they weigh you, no one over 250 pounds.  $15.00 pp before 6:00pm.  No-one ahead of us.  We took the elevator up, walked out on the scaffolding, they put the harness on, told us to hold on low (by tummy), keep your legs tucked under when you land (so you don't kick the guys who catch you).  They'll give you a bag for your shoes (I had flip-flops) and purse (if not too big) dangling from the harness between your legs, tell you to lean to steer and then shove you off the edge - Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!  Anyway, I'd do this again in a heartbeat, sooooo fun.  Make sure you hold on low (or you'll hit your face) as you stop pretty abruptly.  Lean back from the cable on the harness too.  I punched myself in the tummy when I stopped, but better than getting a black eye.  They take pictures and you can buy them - $20 or $25.00 for the first, and $5.00 for additional - we bought 2.  BFF was on the patio at the View Bar on the 2nd floor of the Fitz and got a couple of photos of us as we whizzed by:https://picasaweb.google.com/3ChihuahuasMama/ZiplineOnFremontSt?authkey=Gv1sRgCKXr-sjIqfyzhgE#
4	Nice fun ride across part of Fremont St.!!!!
5	What a fantastic way to spend $20!! I had been wanting to check out the Fremont Street Flightlines for a while now, I finally did so last Friday evening.It is cheaper to ride before 6 pm ($15 before, $20 after), we wanted the full effect of riding after dark when the light show was going so we got in line right around 7 pm. After about a 10 minute wait we were weighed, signed some waivers and headed up to the 5th floor of the parking garage to get strapped in. Once you are actually on the platform you realize you are 60 feet up and about to dangle from some straps as you fly thought the air. It's a little nerve-racking but in a good way. The employees double and triple checked to make sure we were strapped in securely but still comfortable enough to enjoy the ride, told us three common-sense rules for riding, and off we were! I ended up spinning around a few times which I was trying to avoid but turning yourself back around is really simple. I loved the free feeling you get from the wind on your face... And the sounds of tourists on the street enjoying another exciting evening downtown...  It's a cool combination. Before you know it, you are coming to an abrupt stop at the end. This is a quick ride, we spent far more time waiting in line then enjoying the attraction but that's to be expected. Spending $30 on three photos ($20 for the first and then $5 for each additional one) at the end was the most painful part of the experience, but it's not like there was a cheaper way to remember the evening. Overall, I would do this again in a heartbeat. Highly recommended anyone that visits or lives in Vegas try this at least once.
5	This was a fantastic way to spend some time on fremont street.  We went during the day and between standing in the ticket line, and the line up top it probably took about an hour all together.  I was a little freaked out, but it was such a cool thing to do.  It was bananas how fast you finish up.  Obviously I knew I had to come to a stop, but as i got closer to the podium I started to question how I was going to stop at the speed that I had picked up.  The guys who hook you in and get you ready are all good people, joke around a lot, and are overall good people.  Definitely recommend doing this as I think its only a limited time thing in vegas.
5	This was a fun thing to do downtown.  I am not a fan of most of the stinky casinos on freemont street, so it was nice to be able to go downtown and enjoy the night outside the smoke filled old hotels.  We had fun zipping through the air under the light canopy.
1	What could have been a fun and amazing experience was surprisingly disappointing and frustrating. Be prepared for sassy punk kids to help you gear up and get off the zip line. Rude and unhelpful!! They make you feel very uncomfortable and basically talk down to you. One kid literally got mad at be because I was holding my harness the wrong way. He yelled at me saying "we told you not to touch it" and then proceeded to over tighten it. Would not do it again. There is more fun to be had elsewhere.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best cheap thrills around!!  Had a friend from Australia in town and that gave us the perfect excuse to do something very touristy.  We went on a Thursday night around 10pm and it took about an hour from the line downstairs to actually ziplining.  But watching the people in front of us ride down the cable was enough entertainment to pass the time.I'm not that afraid of heights but my blood was pumping as soon as we stood on the "really stable" looking scaffolding.  The most exciting part for me were those few seconds before actually ziplining and looking at how long the cable goes and the people on Fremont.  The anticipation!  The ride itself went pretty quick but it was a blast.  Hooting and hollering with both hands in the air makes it fun and funnier.  I would strongly recommend this for any tourist visiting Fremont.
5	Definitely worth the money.My wife and I tried this after hearing some friends talk about it.We got there around 6:30pm on a Wednesday night.  It wasn't very busy, but we still waited in line for about 20-30 minutes to get on.  The experience was pretty awesome though.I ended up going down backwards the whole way.  It was fun watching other people watch from the ground in awe. Not sure if anyone else mentioned it, but the weight limit is 60-250lbs.
3	So I have mixed emotions about my zip lining experience....I went for 4th of july week and you pay $15 bucks to zip line...seems good to me...when you get up to the roof there is a huge line and smoldering hot sun with no tent or cover...so make sure you load up with sunscreen and bring water!!! its a must...I went with my girlfriend and were suppose to ride together which means you ride side by side...but they let her go first and then let me go with another group which sucked because why do they ask who ur riding with if they dont get it right...so make sure you tell the dudes up there before they let you go that ur with someone so they can let you both go at the same time...another thing my experience was enjoyed backwards....I didnt get to really enjoy the ride because my zipline went backwards instead of forward like everyone elses so overall I was bummed out but it is a cool thing to try and hope you get a better experience then i did :)
5	The flight lines are inexpensive and fun.  Get two rides. Ull be glad u did. Do not buy the photos afterwards. Just let someone hold ur camera lol
3	Best 30 sec of my Vegas trip! Got their around 5 or 6, bought me and my pal a zip line pass, then hit the bar next to the elevators. Had a jager bomb or two, then went up to the 4th or 5th floor and got in line. Line moved kinda slow and the 100 degree weather did not help. Port o Potty upstairs is the only bathroom they have. Staff was pretty knowledgeable and got us in our zip line gear promptly. Once your in your gear, You move up to this sketchy platform area (about 20 ft above you) where they strap you up on 1 of 4 zip lines, then off you go! My dumb ass went backwards at first and finally flipped around in time to enjoy most of this 30 sec thrill ride. For newbies, Id say the scariest part of this joint is right before they push you off the platform. After that, its pretty cool. If you're with a group, make sure you ask them to let you all go at the same time so you can get your pictures taken at the other end. Also, so you can enjoy the ride near each other. Feel free to flip off the tourist staring up at you. Also, unless you dont mind people seeing your vajayjay don't wear skirts. For 15-20 dollars, It cannot be beat. No one over 250 pounds allowed. Min weight is 60 i believe and I saw kids on here too so feel free to endanger them as well. You rock Flightlines!
3	It was okkaayyy. It was really short and you felt like you were in an assembly line and they won't let you use your camera (so you're forced to buy the photos they take). We came to Fremont Street just for the ziplines and I can understand why most people stay on the strip now. It was depressing - especially when we saw all the cartoon character folks without their head on the side (ps: they are all male, yep even Minnie mouse).
1	NOT FAT MAN FRIENDLY!!! I was excited to hear they made this a permanent addition to the Fremont experience. They use to have it as a seasonal attraction and it was a lot smaller. I'm giving it a 1 star because it's not FAT man friendly. I'm 6'5 and around 300lbs and I'm over the limit by 50lbs!!! I went Bungee jumping and you're telling me I can't do the ZIP-LINE??? Kinda gay but o well...I guess if I really wanted to go I could just lose the weight but come on...lets be real!! I guess I'll just watch the skinny people have fun while I drink my football beer and wear my beads I got from the ugly mermaid girls.
2	WORTH THE PRICE, BUT NOT WORTH THE WAIT!Don't be fooled, the line outside the office at street level is NOT the real line. After you purchase your ticket, you proceed up the elevator to the line you don't see! Be ready for an hour wait. No restrooms or concessions up there. Suck it up!We were there on a Sunday afternoon and the 15 second ride took us 3 hours! Just like going to six flags theme park. The pictures they take of you while in flight are very un-flattering. High pressure to purchase them.
5	SO FUN!!!! Nervous at first, then I had a GREAT time! Staff was helpful and knew what they were doing! Very inexpensive for such an experience! A MUST try if you are downtown at Fremont! The pictures cost more than the actual flight!
5	Ok, so the waiting in line part of this place truly is a bummer, but when you finally get through all the red tape and (or) the reality show that was shooting that night which forced us to wait another 30 minutes until the "Bad Girls Club" cast members went through, and you finally get up on the top level strapped into your harness holding on for dear life to that cable and they let you fly through the air in downtown Vegas....you seem to forget all the waiting in line and the $20 it cost to experience such a cool ride.
1	I knew it was expensive ($20 for about 60 seconds of fun... that's expensive!) but i figured it would be SO fun and SO awesome and SO different it would be worth it. One of the things that was going to help it be worth the dough was me taking video of my trip down the line... THEY DONT ALLOW IT !! They make DAMN sure your phone was put away  before you took off.    And then of course at the end they try to sell you pix at the outrageous rate of $25 for 2 pix! Overall it  WAS kindof cool, but only kindof and definitely NOT worth the money. Could have bought a cute pair of shoes at Ross and gotten WAY more enjoyment...
2	First of all it was fun !  But the people they hired to work for them are jerks !  Pushy- RUDE oh did I mention RUDE !
5	This was a fun activity to do while Downtown!  My BF and I tried to go as late in the day as possible, but time was of the essence and we weren't able to fly out while the Fremont St. Experience Light show thingy was on.It still was fun...first you go in their little office area thingy where they have you sign a waiver and weigh you - I forget what the weight limit was, but may I just say: "THAT SCALE IS WAAAAY OFF!!  LIKE IN THE DOUBLE DIGITS!!"  Seriously - it says that you weigh more than you actually and honestly are!!  OK, now that I've gotten that off my chest!The guys that strapped us in were very nice and professional - I guess it can get pretty monotonous day in and day out.  But they made sure that we were safe in our harnesses and our bags and what-not were secure in the little bag that they give you - so you don't "accidentally" drop anything on anyone below!It was a pretty fast trip, but fun while it lasted - I found out that when you spread your legs, you turn more!  Haha...they even warned us to make sure that we hold on to the cable in front of us, but to make sure that we keep it below our faces, for the end...I read a review before our trip that said some poor little kid got a pretty bad black eye from not keeping his or her hands below the face :(Of course, like every attraction in Vegas - there are pictures to be bought and we made sure we did!  There were some good shots of us zipping down the line and they also took a picture of us at the END of our ride...it's OK, I use it as our BEFORE picture!  Hahaha...
5	Very fun!  Too bad it goes so quickly!  We went at night which turned out to be good since we didn't have to wait in line in the sun.  Definitely a fun thing to do in Vegas!
4	DO IT.  Although if I could do it again, I'd rather go at night when everything is lit up.  The only reason we had to go in the day time is because there was a 60 minute wait the night before - even at 11 pm.
3	For a $20 ONE minute zip over Fremont Street, it was worth it... Especially after a couple drinks.  It's a great tease for a person like me who's always dreamed of doing zip lining in Costa Rica...  Tip:  You get a $25 Off Coupon to try the Bootleg Canyon Zip Lines @ Red Canyon, near Boulder City.  Cost is $149, so you can do it for $125 :)
4	The Fremont Street Flightlines were a great stop in Vegas, and well needed on one of the hot and steamy nights that we were there.$20 gets you suited up and taking flight down the infamous neon and LED-lined Fremont Street. After you pay downstairs, you go to a nearby elevator to the top of a parking garage and to a corner of it where you wait through a series of turnbacks. I'm sure the wait wasn't as long as we made it out to be, but when it's 95 degrees at 8:30pm, you just want to get to where you're going and FAST.Once you get into the suiting area, the boys instruct you on how to suit up and you head up to the flight deck. If you're a guy and you get a tight feeling in the area down below, make sure you tell the boys at the suit up area. TRUST ME, it only gets worse from here.At the flight deck, the zip line crew hooks you and your party up to their respective zip lines and then your stomach starts to sink...even I got a little nervous, and I've bungee jumped before.The flight down lasts a good 30-45 seconds, but it's so much fun! The breeze is a great break from the baking desert sun.The crew offers photos of your journey via strategically-placed cameras throughout your journey. I was hot and sweating throughout the ride, so I didn't want a Hi-Def photo of that...But some people would!Great attraction and I'd definitely do it again the next time I'm in Downtown Las Vegas.
3	Though some research the photo people and the zipline employees are not the same !  Their trying to resolve the rudeness right now with Cashman photos !  I'll keep ya posted on how there going to make this better !  Cashman photos did an awesome job on handling the issue !! They e-mailed me my pictures after searching for them all day !! Thank you for fixing this problem !!
4	Vegas isn't just about gambling, eating and drinking.  Sometimes you have to have to take in the sights doing something fun coupled with an adrenaline rush.  And I'm not talking about spending a night in a sleazy hotel room with two hookers, an ounce of coke, and a bottle of Viagra.  Fremont Street Flightlines is a great way to see the Fremont Street...approximately 50 feet above it moving at 30 miles an hour.  $20 ($15 before 6pm) gets you a zip line ride down Fremont Street that is a definite change of pace during your normal trip to Vegas.  It was a hoot!  I only wish it were a longer ride.  Do it after the sun goes down and the lights turn on.  Just don't puke on the pedestrians below.  That wouldn't be cool!
4	This was alot of fun. I saw it on "Millionaire MatchMaker" and knew we had to put this on the list for things to do in Vegas. It's on freemont street which some people say is better than the strip, but I prefer not to return...We walked in, they weigh you, you sign a form, and then go up to the 5th floor to zipline. It was freezing that night, but we waited in line for about an hour or more to have our turn. They put you in the straps you walk up and then zipline down freemont street! It was a fun experience. I'm super scared of heights so standing at the top waiting my turn was terrfying but fun. It's $20 to do it at night where you can see all of the lights. If your in town and just want something fun to do, give it a try!
4	We were looking for something to do in Vegas that wasn't the usual Vegas fare and came across Fremont Street Flightlines while in downtown Vegas.  During the daytime, it's $20 for 2 rides (or $15 for one).  I would recommend doing the two rides since it's not that much more expensive.  Plus, after your first ride you'll most likely think to yourself, "I wish I had done..." during my ride.  The ride itself is fun and super mellow.  It looks like it's really high up, but you go at such a low speed that you won't get an adrenaline rush.  It's a bit disappointing that you can't bring your own camera on the ride (they say it's for safety reasons) because they take your photo several times during the ride and try to sell you the pictures for a hefty price.  We went on a Saturday around 1pm and it wasn't that crowded by the by the time we went on our second ride, the line had grown and we had to wait 30 minutes.  I'm not sure it would have been worth it to wait much longer than that for the second ride.   Quick tip -Yyou have to get harnessed up so don't wear a skirt or dress.  Also, it helps if you're not wearing bulky clothing because the harness is tight.
4	Half of me has always wanted to zip line, and the other half has always thought that I would pee my pants if that time ever came. However, what better place to face my 50% fear than Vegas...while a bit intoxicated and for the low, low price of only $20! ...in the middle of December...at 11:30 at night...when it was 40 degrees....now looking back I must have been more than just a tad intoxicated.My fiance, friend, and I all decided we'd go ahead and try it since it was so freakin cheap. PROs: PRICE! I think they could charge almost double the price and do as much business, so it's cool that they don't take advantage. It's also something DIFFERENT to do once you've spent all your money on gambling and booze & need a break. It's also cool b/c there are a lot of people watching and making fun of you, but it's easy to get a friend to video the whole thing (such as we did). We didn't have to wait too long, but again, it was a Tuesday night at 11:30 in the middle of December. I'm almost POSITIVE it could take HOURS during the on-season. We, however, only needed to wait about 30 mins. It was a good experience all-in-all.CONs: You do a majority of your waiting outside in the elements...so if it's freezing (which it was for me) OR ridiculoiusly hot which it often is in Vegas. I also wasn't a fan of being weighed in front of everyone, I think there could be some kind of little curtain area to go in real quick or something...it's a girl thing. The entire strappy thing is very, very uncomfortable, but I'm sure it's like that everywhere for this.All-in-all I would def. go zip lining somewhere again, and maybe even do this one again if another group wanted to go. It was a good experience and for the price I'd recommend it!
3	came during the day for the zipline, and found that if you get the daytime flight for $15 before 6 pm, you can get an additional flight for $5, which you can use at night.  since the night flight is $20 anyway, I got the additional flight.  this was my first time ziplining, and it was fun, though short.  at night the lights on the roof are on, and there are more people walking around below, so that's a bit more fun.  during the day, there weren't many people there so you're just zooming above an empty outdoor shopping mall.minus 1 star for them not allowing you to take pictures while you're on the zipline, since they want to sell you their $20-40 pictures.
4	A fun, albeit it very short ride, but worth the $15-20 fee. Fremont street is pretty dead in the day and looks a little rough around the edges in the daytime sun. To get the full "Fremont Street" experience I suggest you go at night when the lights are on.
5	Go during the day and during the week! The guy told us that during the weekend it can be an 1 hour 45 minute wait!
2	I think they should supply glasses chains  for people who need glasses to see. No one told me I wouldnt be able to wear my glasses until I was strapped in ready to go, I paid 20 dollars waited in line for an hour and I couldn't see a thing. I wish someone would have told me before  I was harnessed in about to go across, I wouldn't have gone had i known i wouldn't be able to see anything. I really recommend they start supplying glasses chains for people that need glasses to see.
4	The sole reason for coming to Fremont Street, thanks to seeing this done on an episode of Millionaire Matchmaker.  Even though there was a crowd of 11 of us, only my 2 daughters went on the zipline.  I was super impressed by their bravery because while I was excited that THEY try it, I was way too fearful of it.  Even my niece and nephews were too chicken.  At least, I made use of my time, though...... I stayed on the ground attempting to photograph them as they zipped on by.  Unfortunately, to ensure I kept the camera lens on a large enough area, I ended up not getting close enough in to see the details of their faces.  Who knew?  I did have enough sense to put the camera on continuous picture mode (one after the other), so I got their bodies flying by, but I totally failed in the details department.  I took a picture of their purchased picture.  Yeh, I know, that's cheating.  Anyway, it was $20 per person after 6 pm.  I think going at night is much more fun because it's all lit up.  The ride is not long, doesn't go real fast, but it's high enough off the ground that it freaks me out.  My younger daughter said she was terrified (was ready to cry, pee in her pants and throw up all at once), but once she got underway, it wasn't bad at all (and she didn't do any of the above... lol).  My older daughter is as fearless as they come, and I don't know why... or how.... but she is.  STILL not reason enough for me to try it.  I'm just glad THEY did !!!
5	My daughter, Sister and me went and What an awesome way to spend Christmas Eve. Aside from the fact it was a bit chilly, we had a blast. The staff was exceptional and the experience fabulous!  Zipping through downtown with the lights show above was such a kool experience!The only want would be for the experience to be longer. Definitely a must try!
4	My cousins and I were stuck in Vegas during the holidays so we wanted to do something fun and different.With a bunch of convincing (I'm afraid of heights), I decided to go zip lining in downtown Las Vegas with them.  I'm seriously glad I did it because it was an awesome experience.  It's pretty cool because you glide through a mall type of area and everyone can see you.  Haha.  Anyway, if you wanna do something besides go to a bar/club... try this place out!
4	Zip-lining in Vegas for $15? EFFFF YEA. Wait is about 45 minutes in the afternoon so try to get there early morning. If you feel like turning back - they totes trick you. So once you are up the stairs, dont even think they will compromise because they say they will work with you but nope: before you know it you've been pushed. FUN TIME. MUST DO IF U'VE NEVER BEEN. ESP IN VEGAS WITH THE GALS. PROMISE.
3	We came here because my husband wanted the kids to do something crazy for fathers day after a big dinner at Maggiano's.   SO, this is where we ended up.  The wait time wasn't so bad... maybe like 20-30 minutes, just like any normal amusement park line... minus the amusement park..  We're a young hip family [:P] so we had lots to talk about and lots to watch!Once we got into the room where they set you up and give you the guidelines and rules, sign all the official paperwork, accept all liability, etc., etc..  you go up an elevator to where the top of the zip line begins and get suited and fitted.  Parents... if you are NOT going to hop on the zip line, then you can make your way up and watch them suit up and inch there way up in line.    The kids loved it.  It was an awesome experience for them and they want to do it again. It was at night so they were able to cruise past all the lights and craziness of fremont street crazy with a lot of crazy.So.............. try it!  I don't remember the age requirement.. but I'm gonna say over 10.
5	Whhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Was me during my zip-line.. but prior I was so scuureed, it's weird even thou I'm terrified of heights I love rollar coasters and thrill rides so of course I had to try this.We had been here the night before and the line was way tooo long so we attempted on the day of our departure, which works better since it's a few dollars less and the line is much shorter.You basically sign away your life.. Initial here_______ !Then they weight you, YES they weight to make sure your of safety weight and with a nice red marker put your weight on your release form... augh!!!Next you pay the cashier , given a wrist band ticket and up to the rooftop you go.. There is another line but goes much faster since your watching people freak out.. The men here take safety very seriously, and know your nervous so they do their best to calm you down.You are set up in a harness and it's funny because you know these poor men are risking potential infertility but it's for their safety and I never had something so far up areas that I walked even funnier then I do now..Okay so they take you by pairs of four..so you go up the stair to the launch pad your harness is clicked to the safety line and when it's your turn you stand on a tiny ladder then you are basically asked to sit back and that's where the fear kicks in because your reclined so you can't see till your basically pushed off the ledge and that's where the feeling of being free kicks in...You just look down and everyone is looking up at you or your just trying to turn yourself in circles,your busting the move from Titanic and have your arms wide open and before you know it ......JOLT!!!!! Your body still swinging back and forth and it's time to get you back to the safety line and the harness off.I didn't know till we got done with the zip-line that they take several pictures of you, but for us ladies who wanted to feel the wind in our hair did not make for good picture moments.. however they got the most epic of my nephew. I've never seen a bigger smile on his face.. made for the most epic 18th birthday!
5	Loved it!   Went on a Saturday at 4 pm, waited in the ticket line for 20 min then 15 min wait for harness hook up.   Flew over Fremont Street and loved every second of it.   We purchased the photos at the end too, with the $15 flight we could not resist the $20 photo plus $5 for all additional pics.   Was a great time.   Will be going back.
5	This was amazing I loved it at first I was scared but after it was really fun I love that you take pictures during and after the ride I Definately recommend this to Anyone who wants to do something fun n exciting in Vegas. I can't wait for them to extend it all the way next summer
4	Wee Wee Weeeeee!Ok, I didn't really make that annoying damn sound like that punk ass pig does in the Geico commercials. Although after days of over eating I did look like a little porker zipping over Fremont Street.I'll make this quick. For $15 you get to partake in a ten second ride high above the famous Fremont Street in Downtown LV. After 6pm, it's $20 (still not a bad deal).The only downfall is that it took me almost fifteen minutes to pay for my ride and then another hour just to zip down. I thought because I went during the day the wait wouldn't be too long but I was wrong. I can only imagine the lengthy wait one may encounter at night. If you're looking for something fun and exciting to do while in Downtown LV, check out the Fremont Street Flightlines.
5	My friends and I decided to do something a little different in Vegas.. you know aside from all the drinking, partying, and getting stupid (lol).. this was definitely a great experience. We went at night, so there was no line at all. It was so much fun. They have cameras set up at all angles so be prepared to see your silly faces.. well at least my face was pretty darn silly lol. I had tons of fun. although, i wish it was a little longer.
4	Have you ever wanted to feel like Buzz Lightyear?  Literally... you could go to infinity, and beyond.  Especially when you are in fact buzzed and NOT drunk (that would be bad).  To get there, ziplining across Fremont Street's seizure inducing ceiling lights will do just that.Fellow buddy Francis C. ended up having some free passes for us to catch a ride across this zipline.  I've done ziplining before, but never one where it was over a crowd of drunken tourists in a city of neon lights.  To say I was stoked is a complete understatement.  There are a lot of ways to get reduced tickets/free passes for the zipline, so be sure to ask your hotel or travel agent to see if they can hook it up.Keep these in mind when you are preparing to zipline across Fremont Street:1. Leave your larger personal belongings with your friends or in a locker.  There are pouches provided that are latched onto you for your smaller items (phones, cameras, etc.) but there is always a slight chance it may fall while you're riding down.2. You're going to be on your gluteus maximus as you zip down.  Fellas, your package IS going to be a bit tight, so be ready for some pushing.3. Avoid being smashed.  You don't want to projectile vomit on the civilians below you.Aside from that, strap on tight and enjoy the ride.  At the end of the zipline, a photographer will be there to capture your final moments.  We had a ball going down, even after signing away our lives in case the strap comes loose.  However, this ride is very safe, and is not scary at all.  I think the swirling tea cups at Disneyland are more prone to sickness than this.Make sure you get a friend to snap some shots while you're going down!  It'll make for some epic Yelp profile pics.
3	Really fun, but they lose a star for rude guy at the photo booth. If you plan to ride twice and you want to buy their pics, let them know after the first ride and don't buy until after the second. We bought pics after the first and wanted one from the second but Lee said we would have to pay another $20 for it instead of the $5 you pay for additional pics after the first one when you buy them together. Apparently he would rather have the $0 he got than the $5 he would have gotten. And he wasn't friendly about it. He snapped at and sighed angrily at several customers and spit out an expletive when the credit card machine stopped working. Would also be nice if they had some shade for those waiting in line to ride during the daytime. I got a sunburn waiting in line.  Staff in ticket office were nice enough, but not overly friendly. The guys at the beginning of the ride who hook you up were also nice enough and were very safety conscious. The only ones who I thought really had the customer service down were the guys at the end who catch you and help you unhook, and the photographer, who were really friendly and nice.The actual ride is really fun, but they could work on their customer service skills all around. Except the guy at the end of the third line, who was super friendly.
5	Really cool experience to fly over people on Fremont street. It was a very cool experience!
5	This is one of the coolest experiences in Las Vegas! Take a night flight through the heart of Fremont Street under the light show, and it'll be an experience you'll never forget!Thrilling! A must see & do! So awesome! Well worth the half hour wait in line! (250 pound limit :: $14 pp.)
4	That was fun. I will make a point to come back.
5	The price? hell yes sister only $15 bucks to zip line down fremont street! The people down below cheer you on! it handles four people at a time so grab your friends and fly downtown! The was a great experience, the wait was about a hour, however you feel like the pig on the kia commercials, it was amazing.
4	I'm rating this 4 stars, because it was a once in a lifetime experience, and I would do it again. It was raining the night we went, so the line was not too long. We waited about 30 minutes, and then were funneled into a small room that resembled a cell phone store. We were asked to sign liability forms, and get weighed before paying. The liability form asks you to sign in a BILLION places, so by the end, your initials are looking pretty sloppy. The person at the front desk asked everyone I was with the REDO our liability forms.. and upon doing so, she told half of our party that we were 'too drunk' to ride, based on the fact that our liability forms were a bit sloppy..since we were rushing through them! It was our first stop in Vegas, and nobody was above the legal limit, so I found that very annoying that they would judge us on handwriting.I was one of the fortunate ones deemed 'not drunk', so I was allowed to go on the ride. It was a bit of a wait until the top, but they provided port-a-potties so it wasn't too bad to be waiting on the stairs. Once you get strapped in, the ride goes by pretty fast, but you can't beat the speed and the views! It's actually pretty comfortable all strapped in. I just wish it was longer! As for price, it is $15 during the day, and $20 at night. Not bad!
5	It was a lot of fun. waited a long time for a min of fun but still worth it.
4	This was FUN! I did it for my first time in May of 2011 with 2 friends. I had never done anything like it before so I didn't know what to expect. When you enter, you sign a few waivers, pay $15 (before 6pm or $20 after 6pm which isn't bad), and then you take an elevator up a few stories. The crew straps you in (and checks you several times to make sure you're secure) and informs you of what you need to do (lift your legs up upon "landing", etc.). Next thing you know, your off! You start out probably 4 or 5 stories up and gradually descend to your landing of about 2 stories up. It only lasts MAYBE 30 seconds and that's why I gave it -1 star (too short). It's definitely an adrenaline rush though. When you finish, they notify you that you can purchase pictures. During your "flight", they snap several pictures of you and upon purchase, they put them in a hard cardboard frame.Definitely a fun experience that everyone should try! I will be going back when I'm in Vegas again!
4	We went during the day so there was no wait at all, I don't think it would of been worth more than a 10 minute wait, the zip is very short.  For $15 a person and no wait it was enjoyable and fun to do at least once while you are in Vegas.  They take pictures for you to purchase, but they are not cheap (I think we paid about $25 for 2 pictures).
5	Amazeballs! I had so much fun and it's totally worth the wait! (We got there around 9pm and it took about an hour).  The staff was lighthearted and pretty much had the same sense of humor.  I got a kick out of them saying "I hope I did the ropes right; it's my first night," " this clip looks funny," etc etc to people that were a little scared.  All in good fun, right?The platform getting up there is a little wobbly but other than that it's super safe.  Despite the young crew working, they were responsible and double/triple/quadruple checked everything.Although the ride was fairly short and I loved every second of it.  It was great looking at all the lights and the tiny people waving and cheering us on from the ground.  It was so liberating! I highly recommend this excursion to really experience the FREMONT EXPERIENCE!
4	One thing when I travel is a list of "Must See" or "Must Do" wherever I visit.  This was recently added to Vegas lists.  Very well organized operation.  Safety is first and foremost.   Good fun ride.  Only problem....wish the line was longer and you'd go faster!!
4	My niece is in town and myself and my parents are showing her the fun things to do in Vegas (for minors). We decided why not head down to Fremont Street and do the zipline? The line is definitely long, but the line to actually get papers and pay goes quick. You do have to sign a bunch of waivers that basically say, "You can't sue us if you die". The only downside is the wait when you get up to the top to actually do the zipline. I get it, you just have to wait. But we made reservations - which the girl touted would definitely get us onto the zipline quicker, and it did not. Our reservations were technically for 10:45 PM. But when you get the ticket it says 10:45 PM - 11 PM. Well, my niece and I did not get into actual harnesses until 11:10 PM. So really? There's no point in the stupid reservations.Other than that, it really was fun. I'm glad they've extended it because I would not pay $20 had it been as small as it was last year. You gotta do it at night. Just pay the few extra bucks, you won't regret it!
4	I have seen the zip line so many times when walking through the Fremont Street Experience and have always wanted to do it.  So, while there on June 8, 2012, I convinced my daughter to come with me while my husband and her boyfriend waited for us outside on the balcony at Fitzgeralds Casino & Hotel.  The wait was about 20 minutes but once to the platform, the guys buckled me in, I sat down and got pushed off.  It was short but fun.  Wish it went all the way down to Golden Gate.
4	Cowaaaaaaaaaaaabunga!Me:  Can I spin? Staff: No.Me:  Can I run and leap off?Staff: No. Me:  Can you at least push me with all your might?  Staff:  Okay.Me:  woohoo! He only touched my back.  Argh.Despite being denied all my requests, I still enjoyed the ride.  1.  Light as a Feather. Light as a feather.As soon as you enter you will get weighed for the world to see.  At least it's not posted up.  When I went skydiving they posted your weight along side your name.  The maximum weight is 250 lbs.The minimum is 60lbs.My 8 year old wanted to go but he was too light.  2.  Bring an ID.  Even though your showing Grey hairs you ain't gonna get the pass and go without your ID.  Shouldn't you have it all times in Vegas?  They'll let you gamble but once you hit that jack pot.  They ask for your ID in order to walk out with your winnings.3.  Sign your life away here ______.You have to fill out the paper work and pay before you go up.  For skydiving you pay when you set foot on ground. 4.  Leave your belongings.If someone in your group is going to be a spectator on the bottom.  Give them your things.  They provide a small bag to carry your things.  The lightest person in your group gets the bag.  -no sunglasses - no cameras- no phones - nothing in your hands - even your flip flops must go in the bagThey allow you to use your own camera or phone to take pictures while your in line.  But you have to put away all loose objects once you hit the zip line.  5.  Let's get personal.They strap you on to a harness. I saw a handful of girls with dresses and skirts but they had that who cares were in Vegas mentality.  Boys, they get close to your swimmers of life.  6.  Say Cheese : DThere are photographers to take pictures near the end.  Ask the staff where there located, so your picture ready.  Go with a group so you can relive the experience.  I went with my dad and my husband. If you know someone scared of heights persuade them to go.  Their jitters makes it more thrilling for you. Another person in line was pacing back and forth and spewing out profanities to his friend for getting him up there.  I had the Las Vegas Power Pass, this came with the deal.   The catch for the pass is that you can only ride before 6pm.  I watched people zoom across at night and it definitely seemed cooler.  We were quoted 30 minutes and we waited around that time.  I'm sure at night it's much longer.  Cost:$15 before 6 pm $20 after 6 pmGo again same day for $5To me this is worth the try.  But if your a lone ranger, the wait may be too long, and the thrill too short lived.
5	This experience was AMAZING!~!~!The price is unbelievable!  $15 for once before 6 and only another $5 if you want to ride again!The employees were super nice and made the experience incredibly pleasurable.I have an intense fear of heights and this was an amazing experience!I will definitely be back to do it again!
4	LOVE IT!!!! just wish it was not so expensive just for one ride. with hubby and I and a "military discount" was $30. This is the place to try before heading out to bootleg canyon. i had a blast. It needs to be longer. you can go in and can make a reservation to come back,that is what we did paid went and seen a show and then came back. its $15 before 6pm and then $20 after 6pm. souvenir photo is $20 and then additional photos are $5 so not to bad. it is a good attraction for kids, I seen kids all night loving it. the wait without a reservation at night is a bit long like 60 minutes. up top seems a bit scary but really it is a rush of adrenaline!!!! I would so recommend this to anyone wanting to try something new and fun to do in Vegas. wohoooooo................... I think it is better to go at night tho. The crew that places the harness on you, takes the time to quadruple check everything to make sure you are safe and ready to go for a crazy ride.
5	That was so much fun!!
5	Amazing!Went with the hubby and the 4 kiddos. Minimum weight is 60 lbs so we were stoked that our youngest could go.Wait time in line went by quickly. Maybe only 15 minutes and this was the day after the 4th of July. Courteous staff and made it very clear what's needed ahead of time - i.e. your driver's license.Cost is $20 per person after 6pm or if you come before 6 it's $15. They also had an awesome ride again for $5 or a multi ride pass for $50. It was all of our kid's first time ages 9, 12, 15 and 16If there is a long wait time quoted after filling out the required paperwork I suggest obtaining a reservation time.We didn't need one because our wait was only 30 minutes (shorter than Disneyland rides!!!) even if you had to wait you can ride the elevator to the 5th floor to check out the pre-flight prep.I say just go up and wait so you can watch everyone go ;)For the ride:Your ride in groups of 4Mamas - don't worry you'll get a bag to put your sandals, sunglasses and any other miscellaneous items you have to worry about. They also let me strap my ginormous mom purse as well.Dads - yes the strap can be a little uncomfortable for your um.... Special area....but according to the 3 men in my life it was worth the discomfort and shortly forgotten as soon as you take off for your ride. Photos - they take them for you. For a whopping 2 for $25 then $5 each after. Unless you have a photo savvy buddy on the ground it might be worth it to purchase. You get a coupon code if you provide your email address for a free digital high res copy ;)Can't wait to go again next time!
4	It is a blast and worth every penny.  Line moved pretty fast, people in the sales office were very nice.  Guys up on the roof top were a little grumpy, but it was 114 degrees out that day.  Lady at the end couldn't find our pictures took about 20 min and 3 people later to find our pics.  Would have rather spent the money on another ride, but wife wanted a picture.
4	Have to admit i was nervous doing this with civilian teenagers working it.  The hardest steps was waiting in line then having to step up on steps five stories high.  After the cord was pulled, the gliding was easy.The price $15 for military, the scared look on my daughters face, priceless.
4	This was something different to do than gamble and drink all day in vegas!  It was only $15 during the day and $5 if you wanted to go a second time.  I thought it would have been cooler loooking at night with old vegas lights shining but the good thing about going during the day was that there was no lines.
3	I didn't try it but it looked like fun.  If you go before 6pm, it's $15 per person.  After 6pm it's $20.  This is a one-way trip so you have to swing/zip with your purse or bag.  They open up at 12 noon, and take reservations.  If you are serious about doing this, make reservations because the line gets pretty long.  There's a line to purchase to do the zip line and a line to actually do the zip line.  Kids have to be 60 pounds.
5	Just like a lapdance, I got done thinking I wish it lasted just a little bit longer.For $20, I can think of a few other things I'd rather be doing in LV.But after finishing my ride on Flightlinez, this could be probably added to the list.Although the line was long and there were a gang of people waiting to experience zip lining down Fremont Street, Flightlinez Las Vegas was very fast and friendly with their service.Safe, secure and fun. PS ... $15 from 12p - 6p and $20 from 6p - close. PPSS ...  there is a height and weight limit so please be prepared to step on a scale. But remember, no need to strip down to your underwear for an accurate weigh-in.
5	Man this was really cool.  My wife and the rest of our group wanted to do it so i was down with it.  Looking up from the ground it doesn't look that high. I was saying to myself, "if this line breaks, no big deal. I'll just jump on top of one of the palm trees and shimmy my way down or I'll just land on my feet (I'm like a cat)". Evrybody else was all nervous but I was fine, until I reached the top.After you pay and fill out your disclaimer you take an elevator up.  When we had to press the 5th floor on the elevator I was a little shocked (it just didn't look like it was that high up).  So now I'm up on the 5th floor looking down nervously.  But I already paid plus they had little kids (like 6 and 7 years old) up there. So I was stuck!But it was fun! And it goes fast.  Although I did see a couple people get stuck on their way down. Yep, seriously!  They have to bring a rope to them and pull them in.  Thank God that didn't happen to me!  I think we only paid $15.00 too.
1	ZERO STARS!!! They made me give it 1. So apparently, if there is any kind of lightning or chance of lightning they close it down. We were the next ones to go up and they shut it down. Had they told us, "hey just so you know there's a chance you'll wait in line an hour and a half for NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!" Then they asked us if we wanted to wait and we said yes. Immediately after that they took off our harness and kicked us out!?!? WTF! Needless to say I was livid!!! Moreover they still let others wait in line to get on!!!! Horrible experience. Lost 2 hours of our trip!!!!
1	This is a short line but it's only $20. It would probably take more time to put on a helmet (which you won't need or get for this short line) than getting to the end of the zip line. The only thing that scared me was the heavy-built lady who seemed to be having a bad day waiting for me at the end. She swung that step ladder and hit my knees without apologizing or even batting an eyelash. Thank you for the free souvenirs aka bruises on my knee! Everyone else was ok and seemed to care.
4	I had lots of fun.  It would have been better if the zip line was longer, but I can't complain for the price ($10). I gave it four stars because their customer service wasn't great.  The lady at the door was friendly, but the women at the desk was rude.  Some of the guys really weren't professional. Some of them were acting and saying inappropriate things. Besides all that I had a great time.
4	Even though I'm terrified of heights, this was one fun experience with the boyfriend. I found out about it a year or two ago but never really had the time to drive out to Fremont Street and try it out. So a few weekends ago, the boyfriend and I finally got a chance to come here. Tickets were $20/person. Check their website because they have variable pricing throughout the day. But if you want to come here at night when the street is all lit up, it's $20. Anyways, stood in a long line to buy the tickets. had to get weighed then sign a waiver form before paying. Headed up the elevators to the 5th floor of the parking lot where we stood in line some more to begin zip lining. LADIES: Do not wear flip flops or a dress. You'll regret it once on top. Anyways, got equipped and then before you know it I was above everyone on the ground sliding down. It was so cool and short! Once you reach the end, your heart pounds a little because you forcefully just crashes to the other end. They help you off and you take a picture and you can have the option to buy them once you get back downstairs. The experience was worth it. If you're too chicken for a real zip lining experience through mountains like me, then this is a good alternative. It was a highlight of our trip.
5	Loved doing this!!!! Fremont Street isn't the best area but this was one of the best things I did in Vegas. My friends and I did it at night. We had to wait 45 mins for our turn, so while we waited we went sightseeing and got some drinks. Once 45 mins hit we went upstairs, put on our gear, and went down the zipline. It's really quick, but man its so much fun!!. Girls one thing: TIE UP YOUR HAIR!!! My hair was in my face almost the whole time, but its great and this is a good start for someone who has never ziplined before, not too high and you get to see the bright lights of Fremont. Definitely do this at night.
5	This is a must-do if you are in Downtown Vegas. I also recommend doing it at night when the street is lit up!  We made a reservation (highly recommended) and then did a little drinking and gambling until our time. Now, a reservation doesn't guarantee you go at that specific time, just that you do not have to wait in the line once you get up to the zip line area. Once we arrived at that area, we waited about 10 minutes to harness up and then about 5 minutes to actually go. However, if we didn't make a reservation we would have had to wait in a line where it was first come, first serve between reservations.Anyway, the guys who put on my gear were very nice and polite. At no point did I feel uncomfortable. I felt the harness was very secure and felt as if they did a good job of securing me in. Once we were geared up and ready to go,  the guys did a final safety check and we were off!Now, the ride is short and the takes less than a minute, but it is totally worth it! It's a unique feeling to be zip lining above a crowd of people! Once we were done, the guys unhooked us and we were on our way! We decided to purchase some pictures to commemorate the night with because it is definitely an experience!
4	With glittering lights and its Viva Vision light show playing nightly, the Fremont Street Experience just lit up even more with a different kind of excitement.  Now we can breeze right beneath the Viva Vision canopy on a zip line going up to 30 miles per hour. These four lines all run 800 feet in length. Before your run, you'll jump from a 60-foot high platform to a landing stage below. Just imagine the "ooh's" and "ahh's" you'll get from the crowds below!  Missed the experinace by few minutes though saw the people enjoying it.. Will do it next time for sure!
4	This was *a lot* of fun! For $15/$20/$25 a person, I think it's a reasonable price for a such a fun activity to do while you're here! I went right when they opened because it was our last day and we *really* wanted to check this out. They give you a bag where you can carry your belongings (like camera, purse, etc) with you as you go across the zipline. It's a short ride, but I think it's worth it! You can buy pictures at the end and they're about $20 I think. Next time I'm in town, I definitely want to try it out at night where the street is lit up!
5	This was a 5 star experience if you do it at night with the colorful Freemont Street experience going on the ceiling or concert venues.  I have done ziplines at other locations, but this is a must-do and memorable experience.  Definitely worth the $20 flight (come on, you'll lose that in gambling in less time), and there are happy hour specials if you go earlier in the day.  They take some amazing photos of you, so be sure to smile and wave as you zip along.  They strap a bag to your harness if you are carrying anything, so don't worry about needing a locker.
4	My hubby had a great time, although it was quite a short ride. For $20 in Vegas, though, it was a great deal!When we went to purchase his ticket and the counter lady found out I would not also be taking the flight, she stated (instead of asking) "Why" and gave me a kind of snotty look. When I smoothed down my dress to reveal my 8 month baby-belly she became quite embarassed but not so apologetic. I had no hard feelings toward her. I hide preggo so well it's not her faul (I guess). Anyway, for $20 you can't do much better. I suggest you pay the extra $5 and take the flight at night. Fremont is nothing to see during the day.
5	I wish it lasted longer!!! ....that's what she said ;-)$20 each person and then you'll get hit up for buying the photos at the very end, just like at the amusement parks. Remember to smile and pose throughout. Not knowing that ahead of time, I went swinging no handed and got great pictures of the back of my head. LOLWhat a great way to see Old Las Vegas on Fremont Street zip-lining through the air at night!!! Good times!!! Hope to do again next visit.
3	kinda slow in my opinion. the guys that strap you in, and send you off, and catch you are pretty nice though.
5	This was super fun. $15 before 6pm, $20 after 6pm, $50 for a all day unlimited pass. I went at night under all of the lights of the Fremont experience and over tons of people and craziness below. Well worth it gave it 5 stars although I kind of wish it lasted for a little longer.
5	A "Must" in Las Vegas but do it at night!!!  Fremont Street is a weird part of town but lit up by the most insane amount of colorful, blinking lights you have ever seen in a 2 block stretch.  Flightlinez starts at the Walgreens.  You weigh in (must be 250 pounds or less), pay, get your wristband then take the elevator up to the 5th floor where you wait in line to get on your zipline!  The take-off point is pretty high off the ground so those that are afraid of heights may have a freak out moment.  The zipline then slopes down under the neon canopy of Fremont street where you wiz above the tons of people milling around on the ground who point up at you in awe and wave.  The Saturday night we did the ziplines there were performers and live bands playing which made it extra cool to zip over.  Be aware that they take your picture several different times so be sure to cheese it if you want to pay $20 to take one home.  And ladies also be aware that if you wear a dress you need leggings or something because those below you walking around on Fremont will be able to see EVERYTHING.
5	Ziplining right over Fremont Street for $15.00. You'd be crazy not to do it!  Tip: you can go back a second time for only $5 more. So I need to say more?
5	Best $20 I spent in Downtown Vegas! I recommend buying an all day pass for $50, 'cause riding it once isn't enough. Record your weight, sign a waiver, pay the nice lady, and you're off! I was here for Halloween, visiting from Hawaii. Afterall, Vegas is the 9th Hawaiian island. Haha! Any how, I went with my bro and sis. They let four riders go at a time, so try to stick together if you're in a group so you can get a group photo together at the end. There were only three of us, so some random guy was in our shot. Any way, everyone was really helpful in getting me strapped in. I felt as safe as I could. Nice, short thrill. It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	Several friends have told me to check this out next time I head to Vegas, even though I have a fear of heights I knew I had to face it and do this.  When my friend and I decided to do this there was no line in the storefront, where you fill out the required form and pay, which was a surprise to me, I figured since it was dark it would be busy.  We each paid our $20, got a wristband and headed up the street and up the elevator to the actual line, which also wasn't very long.  This is about when panic set in for me, almost.  The real panic set in when it was our turn to get harnessed up, I thought OH CRAP WHAT AM I DOING?  The guys putting us in our harnesses were very helpful and informative.  If you're wearing flip -flops or some other shoe that would easily fall off  no problem! They put shoes, handbags, phones, etc. in a bag and tie it to you so you don't have to think about it while enjoying the ride.The actual ride - it goes quick, it seemed like the whole thing was over before I knew it, I faced my fear of heights and wanted to ride it again, which you can do for only $5!  When it's all done and you've gotten out of the harness and back into your shoes they give you a piece of paper with a barcode, downstairs is a kiosk where you can purchase severely overpriced photos of your ride.  What I didn't know is - you can find them online with the number below the barcode and buy digital copies instead.I can't wait for my next Vegas trip to ride again!
4	With a fear of heights, just heading up the stairs made me feel my stomach flip.  The staff were very comforting and entertaining.  They helped me make that step off the edge, as I was beginning my descent down Fremont Street (backwards for the most part hahaha).  The experience was amazing and I would do it again on my next trip out to the City of Sin.  Thank you Flightlinez.
5	We came on a Friday afternoon. 2 ziplines down Fremont St for $30. 15 each for day, 20 for night. Happy hour 5 extra for additional zip 2-6pm totaling 20. - Sign your life away. Don't worry. Legal purposes. Records weight. Realize now I need to lose more weight :(- Go up the parking structure and down the zip line. - Break me off! show me what cha got! 1 min ride :)- It's not too high, so for those who are afraid of heights shouldn't be too scared. - Very Safe! so many straps. - Multiple pictures. 1 group and while on the zip. I recommend having your friend take the photo for you while in the suit. $20 for a photo. $5 additional. - Let your hands free down the zip! OOO! They don't recommend that- Chris needs to be stronger. He couldn't pull me back. i'm too heavy :(- Do it once just for the experience! Great for kids!
4	Great fun so go and drop the $20 bucks!You could sit at a machine and lose that much faster than it takes you to zip line down Fremont Street.Go now!
5	A little skeptical at first, my boyfriend and his Mom convinced me go go down the line.  It looks short and insignificant from the ground - but what the heck..!?We. Had. A. BLAST.  You get moving FAST with an awesome view of Fremont (there was a live band playing under us which was so fun!). You then end with a viewing of the pictures (one in which I looked horrified, which they proceeded to buy and I'll forever be blackmailed with).  It was cheap (they have military rates-ASK!) and SO fun. Highly recommend!
5	Originally went with two of my friends as a joke, but this was the most exhilarating 23 seconds of my life... Yes, better than sex the first time since that only lasted 27 seconds.Anyway, the zip line was safe, the staff was friendly and were there to help if you had any questions or concerns.  Price was a bit ehhh, but it was more expensive I believe in the summer.  If you're not a stickler for cash or want to have the base to say "I zip lined across Old Vegas" I say go for it.  Be sure to give those below you a good "Shockaaaaa brahhhhhh!" as you glide gracefully across Fremont Street.
5	it is awesome and nerve wracking at the same time. I did get the day time price which i think was $15. got weighted and went right up! They strap you in and i do remember that they were a bit rude when giving the instructions just cause they had so many people waiting. They could be a bit more nice. Also make sure to not carry anything and if so they provide a little baggy that you could out inbetween your legs. It takes no longer than 2minutes. Once you get to the end of the zipline be advice that it is a bit scary the way they stop it and pull you. it could put pressure on your hands so be prepared for the squeeze. i am hopefully going next month to vegas for valentines so wish me luck and i am planning to do a zipline stop! :)
3	Ok attraction the wait was a little long especially because I was spectator on the ground with the coo coo crazies around, my daughter and cousin zipped they enjoyed it even though it's $15 bucks before 6pm I think its over rated and over priced a better price would be maybe $5 bucks it goes by so quickly.
5	This. Was. Awesome! I talked my friend into doing the zip line with me for my birthday and we had an absolute blast! It is great for those thrill seekers who want to get a rush :)It is $15 before 6 (when all the lights for fremont st come on) and $20 after, which isn't that bad at all. I would suggest going at night because it is something I wish I could have done upon arrival. It closes at 12am, which in Vegas you'd think it would stay open longer.They dont let you take any photos or video while doing the zip line but do take photos while you are on it. It isnt that expensive to buy either, I think it was $25 for two and $5 for every one after that. I cant wait to go back so I can do it at night when all the lights are on :)
4	I've wanted to try this out myself and so I did tonight, a good amount of fun for 30 seconds. The check in process is efficient - just sign a waiver, and pay the cashier. Afterwards a short elevator ride, strap on the harness and wait my turn. Since I went during the late evening, I only had to wait about five minutes before I was riding the line down the Fremont Experience. I would have to say that my endorphins were rushing - and it was a good amount of fun. I do wish that the zip line was longer, spanning the entire length of the Fremont Experience would have been nice. What cost them a five star experience is the pictures and photographer at the end of the flight. The photographer was rude and snappy. Calm down, take a shot of vodka or something, people are trying to have fun and she just soured the mood for the entire group.The pictures at the end are expensive, 20 dollars for the first pic, and then five for each additional picture for a total of 40 bucks? On top of the Flight Ticket? I would think paying 20 dollars for a flight ticket would include one picture, and I would pay 20 for the entire set, if it were announced up front. Call me frugal if you want - but I think the pictures are bit high to remember the event.
5	Lots of fUN first time was a good experience
5	Worth the $20 bucks. Fun Fun..5 stars.top notch well done.
3	I would rate 5 stars for fun but my patients was out once the fun began. Line was long to sign waivers no big deal its a crowded city. But when the worker says wait a minute and its more like 30 that's a problem. What we didn't know is that you could make reservations for a time. Once we signed the waver and went up on the roof to wait in line to be suited up people were cutting and so many people had reservations so the time they told us it was more like an hour after while in line there were blaring loud rap music once we got suited up it was such a thrill I loved it
5	First time on a zip line and I have to say it was pretty fun!  Was it worth $20... to do once yes but it's not something I would do again at this location.  (If you go before 6pm it's only $15)Pros:It's super safeStaff is very helpful Very well organized, at least when I wentIf you go at night you can whizz by bands and or catch part of the light show on FreemontCons:Its all over in about 20-30 seconds.Why does it get 5 stars, because it's set up for tourist not thrill junkies and on that point it delivers a great experience!  Plus, to me, $20 is very reasonable to check off one more item on the bucket list.
2	At $15 (during the day, $20 at night), I think it's a bit pricey for the duration/ length. My opinion might be a bit bias as I've been on plenty of zip lines, I'm sure it would appeal more to someone who's never done it before.
5	Question: Should one have themselves strapped into a harness, attach it to a wire and go cruising 40 ft above the ground at 40 mph down Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas? Answer: You bet! What a ride, I am looking forward to the next time I do it. Local or tourist or both, this is a must do! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Was great! Price was ok. They get you at the end for pictures but the ride itself was awesome! Would go every time I come to Vegas!
5	you HAVE to do this if you are on fremont street. cheap and fun but, too fast!! take the option to have a second ride for $5. it would be worth it.
4	This is one of those must do things when you're visiting Fremont Street. We live here but have never done it and kept asking ourselves why...thankfully we had family visiting from out of town and Flightlinez was on their To Do list. We went after 6pm so it was $20 but that's pretty close to most rides in Las Vegas.The line went quickly, the staff was helpful and the guys up top were fun. The flight was quick but fun, I did spin around a couple times but that let me get a glance at my husband and cousin flying down behind me!There were some hilarious photos at the end taken by Flightlinez, but they were way over priced!Who needs pictures when you have memories! Now let's go have a drink:)
5	AWESOME and AWESOME!!!Second time zip-lining and it was GREAT! You're zip-lining in the middle of everyone - live music, people walking and dancing.  A must do in Las Vegas.$15 EXTREMELY cheap!  Check in was fast and easy - sign your life away and that's pretty much it. Elevator ride upstairs and wait your turn.  It's a short ride but hey YOU'RE in the MIDDLE of Freemont Street.  Enjoy the ride and go for it! The staff was very friendly.They take several pictures of you while on the zip-line.  I purchased it because a picture is GREAT memory.
5	Ziplining is pretty amazing and doing it at 11pm across a crowded strip of people is even better!!! Great experience. The wait is pretty long as everyone wants to try it, but it was worth it.
4	My kids rode on the Zip Line again and had a great time.
3	Glad I can say I did it, but wouldn't recommend it. $15 for a short ride, not that long or high up. I spent 3 times the time wating in the heat for a quick boring ride. I n Vegas especially as a visitor I can think of better things to do with that money (wink wink).
4	I am afraid of heights but my hubby and i tried this. Its a little spendy but if you go before 6 p.m. its alot cheaper. For two of us it totaled $30.  The people are very helpful and know their stuff. Its 67 feet high. It lasts 29 seconds but was awesome! I would do this over and over if i had more $$.
4	Fairly impressed after our first go-round on the Flightlinez. $15 seemed reasonable for the day time ticket. The wait was a bit of a pain... about 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon. And the harnesses certainly welcome your balls (guys) with an iron fist. Once ready, stepping up to the tower and looking down can be a bit of a gut-check, but you'll manage. It goes away pretty quick once you're cast off and zipping over Fremont Street. Surprising faster than I thought, and only picking up speed as you near the end of the line.Bottom line...if you got some time to kill, and feel the need for speed, do it. Pretty cool experience at a reasonable price. You'd be hard pressed to regret it.
5	YES!!! WE DID IT IN TUTUS! dressed as leprechauns on St. Patty's so much fun! A little advice when its cold out bring a jacket the wait gets cold up there!
3	I jumped out of a plane once so going zip lining was not hard at all. Only thing hard was the harness being strapped so tight leaving my balls scrunched up and allowing my Ass to consume my boxers. Talk about major wedgie! Went in. Stepped on the scale. (147lbs of lean muscle! ) Put my initials on some form(maybe I should've read it.... ) paid the 15 bucks and I was good to go. First time going zip lining so that was exciting. 30 secs of excitement, not so exciting. (That's what she said... oh wait what!?? ) Ride was over as soon as it started.  I ended up riding backwards so I could not see where I was headed.  Next thing you know, I'm stopped with some force. End of the ride buddy. Wasn't the greatest but I guess it's not the worse zip line ride in the world. Imagine having to do this everyday..... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFG4hXP0HqU&feature=youtube_gdata_playerThis is one of those Vegas experiences you need to try at least ONCE. (along with all those other experiences that they say should stay in Vegas!)
5	So I finally got to do the zip line at night and it was soo pretty! I love the lights of Fremont St and the zip line just added to the experience. It is CLOSED right now because they are expanding it and I cannot wait to zip line the entire street of Fremont! Not sure when it opens, but hopefully by this summer :)
2	It was over an hour wait in line and it whips pretty hard at the end. I thought it was just ok.
