5	This place opened yesterday the 31st of January 2013. I went to the grand opening and it was a terrific experience. The space is a narrow but they utilized the space very well. It wasn't hard for us to find either. The owner, Shawn introduced himself as well as greeted us as we entered. He was as funny as a comedian. The staff was very courteous and diligent. At the time of the grand opening the hookahs were $10 and the second session was free. Even if they didn't have the promotion going on, the hookahs were reasonably priced at $15.00 as well as $12.00 for your second round. The prices for the food menu are also set at a great price as well.When we ordered the hookah flavor pirates'  cave. It came out very quickly because they already have a hookah set up at the table. The hookahs hit very good and lasted us around a hour on our first bowl. We ordered the kabob plate and it came with two sides. My boyfriend and I shared. Even though we shared the kabob plate, it filled us up pretty well because the portions are reasonable to the price you pay. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes to smoke hookah as well as enjoy middle eastern foods. You can't bet the prices either!
5	it hard for to describe in a few word but will try. nice clean decor. owners are young but give u that great old fashion service. super clean. great eats. the have a in house made hummus to die for and with warm pita bread. the cook did not learn to cook like at any school this is mamas recpice.enough just go and enjoy.
5	I was there this week....the food was amazing!!! Very nice atmosphere ... Nice music , defiantly be a regular spot!!!Must visit.
5	Great food, good service, awesome atmosphere and of course the hookah is perfect! Just saved layla grill and hopkah into my favorites in my GPS.Will definitely recommend to all my friends too!  (-:
5	Any quest to find a decent hookah lounge in this town is daunting. So few places get it right, and I have been all to often served up a $15 bowl of charcoal and ash.Fortunately, Layla is one of the few lounges where the owners know what they are doing. The owners are nice and very attentive. They come by regularly with coals to and make sure you have everything you need.  A wide selection of flavors (Fumari, Starbuzz, Al Fakher and more) ensures that even the most discerning hookah smoker will find what they are looking for. The hookah was hitting great and service was on point.The place is small but super clean. The lounge is really narrow but can accommodate large and small parties on their giant sofas. Though there isn't much flexibility in the seating, its comfortable and you can tell the owners care about keeping the place clean. The music on the night we went was awesome. Great mix of EDM, not sure if its the norm but They serve some food but the prices seem to be a bit high, few dishes below $10. We didn't order so I can't really comment if they are worth the price or not. Our server told us that they are going to be getting a liquor license soon which will definitely be a big plus as only a few lounges in town serve up alcohol.Overall it was a great hookah experience and definitely one of the better lounges in town!
5	Good hookah, nice people, good food, definitely one of the better hookah places I've been too. I will be coming back to this place, and I think others should too!! :)
5	I came in here about a month ago with my girlfriend after eating at Sushi Koma next door (which is an amazing sushi restaurant). We actually noticed the hookah lounge when we had first parked and knowing my obsession with having hookah after eating sushi, we decided to give it a try after we ate. First off, this place is very clean and very modern looking. It is nicely decorated and kinda gives you a lounge feel without being too dark and whatnot. This is also a restaurant so they have a counter and kitchen which you can see as you enter  but its really no big deal.The couches are very comfortable in my opinion, and even though the suite is not that big, the couches and space for each table have a lot of leg room and whatnot. so that was a big plus as well.Last and most importantly is the hookah. The hookah was hitting the whole time we were there and they have a variety of flavors. Being middle eastern, I am very picky regarding the whole hookah experience, from the coals to the flavor to the smoke produced. I'm really happy to say that this place got 3/3 for everything. The owner, Sean, is very chill and approachable. We mainly talked to his brother (which I forgot his name), but both were awesome and made sure we had a good experience. I definitely recommend this place to anyone for hookah and I would go a lot more often, but being in medical school kinda pre-occupies my life at the moment haha.Oh and also, we didn't try the food since we were stuffed from the AYCE sushi next door, so next time we'll get some food and see how it is....but so far, 100% in my grade book!! haha
5	This place is one of a kind I come here 3-4 times a week and we always feel so welcome, they make us feel at home. The music is so nice and not to loud. Before we found out about this place we used to go to deferent hookah lounges in Vegas but all of them were dirty and the hookah wasn't so good..I love how clean this place is. They also serve some really good food and awesome appetizer menu. The alcohol menu is large and the prices are very fair. And sure the music is awesome.  Very recommended!
5	I liked the place and service was good too. I had  falafel which I would say is one of the best in town.
5	This place was fantastic. I had the falafel pita sandwich. The pita was very soft and fresh and there was a lot of falafel balls in it. Great prices. Next time, I'll eat in as they have couches to enjoy your food on.
5	I've been to many hookah lounges, and on a Thursday night decided to check this place out. My overall experience here was great. The staff is professional, and the service is FAST. The lounge feels modern and they had comfortable seats. I ordered a pineapple mint hookah and their kabob. The hookah was great, and the kabob was the best I've had in any hookah lounge.Definitely coming back again.
5	I've been here three times so far and I keep coming back. They have a very nice lounge area that is chilled and laid back. The food is great and they have tons of hookah flavors to pick from.
5	The staff are nice and helpful the place is clean and pleasant. Prices are reasonable, wi-fi is free. Dishes are fresh and very tasty.Highly recommended.
5	Layla is by far one of the best hookah lounges in town. Their customer service is by far one of the best I've ever received anywhere. I love all of their hookah flavors and we come pretty regularly for it. They also have a large variety of alcohol, which is always a plus from beers to liquor. Also, their food is pretty bomb! My favorite is their chicken sharwarma. Either as a dinner platter or as a baguette sandwich with hummus, hot sauce and cabbage. Not a fan of those? There's a large variety of things to add into your sandwich and platters according to your tastes. The atmosphere is also very lounge like, seats are extremely comfortable and can accommodate large parties. It's pretty hard to find a clean, nice and relaxing hookah lounge that has good flavors and smoke, and the major +'s is this place also has amazing food, ALCOHOL, and superior service.
5	Delicious food.  I had the shawerma plate with onion rings and red cabbage salad as well as a coke.  The red cabagge salad tastes a lot like cole slaw.  Its creamy and crunchy.Sean was my server.  He is extremely friendly and personable.  He knew the nenu very well and was quick serving drinks and food.I came around 3pm and it was easy to get a table.  You set at black leather couches with low faux granite tables.  The walls are red with a red brick design.  Layla is the type of place to bring a few pals, share a meal and lounge at.Come check it out.  You'll be glad you did. :-)
5	Love this spot. The owners are awesome, the food and service are great and the chill atmosphere is unbeatable.
5	This place is great and the service is excellent. I had the falafel and hummus and hubby had the schwarma plate..both are excellent. The ambience is quaint and the server was so friendly and warm. I would go back again in a heart beat and will tell all that visit Vegas to try this place out.
5	Good food and great atmosphere.  This place doesn't get very crowded so each visit is met with an attentive & proud staff.  The chicken shawarma plate is excellent!
5	Very nice food and ambiance. They have a variety of different dishes to meet everyone's  palate.  They are also able to meet your needs if your diet is restricted in anyway, service is quick but also very friendly. Definitely recommend.
5	Great food. Great hookah. AwesomeService. Owners do everything possible to make you feel like you are in your living room.
5	Super chill place to bring a couple of friends. The food was good, the hookah is good, prices aren't crazy, and the atmosphere is relaxing. The waiters are extraordinarily friendly and always want to make sure that you're tended to, which is always pleasant.
5	I'm actually sitting here right now and enjoying some hookah and shawarma pita.  I must tell that this is the best shawarma i've ever had in my life.  The meat is so soft and so testy, the service is really nice, my server name is guy and he is so friendly.  He gave me some free home made pickles and i loved it!The hookah flavor lasts  for long time and it's so smooth and nice.  I recommend this place and want to thank them for the nice hospitality.  :)
5	Best hookah place I've been to so far. The service was great the hookah was great, good vibes. I'll definitely come back :)
4	Good prices for the hookah. Allows 18+. Laid back spot, almost like you're at a friend's place. Solid.
5	I go to Layla's for lunch every once in a while...it's always well worth the trip...there's no Mediterranean food like Layla's. The shawarma is wonderful, the various appetizers such as baba ganoush are delicious: find out the daily special at lunch - I've always enjoyed them. I appreciate the care taken by the owners... :)
4	It took me a while to find it tucked away in a strip mall but as I have discovered with so many places in Vegas, appearances can be deceiving!  I walked in way overdressed after coming from dinner where my dining companion bailed on me so I ate alone (nothing gets between me and great food!) and decide to just continue with our plans by myself.  Admittedly, I was a bit uncomfortable walking int a Hookah lounge by myself because I don't smoke and it was out of the norm for me. (Restaurants I know my way around... this was all new!)Fortunately, I can have some big brass ones so I just tucked them in and opened that door.  I looked around and it seemed like a combination of a small bar with food and then upholstered benches (like sofas but not quite) with a pair of seating areas facing each other and a coffee table in between.  As I gazed around a couple of (Do we call them Hookahers?) invited me to sit across from them.  Obviously they sensed I was a little uncomfortable.  I was grateful!The server immediately came up, made me feel comfortable, explained things to me and as a non-smoker what might be too harsh, etc.   I decided on chocolate and almost instantly out came the pipe.  I made a joke about being old enough to know a big bong when I see it and he laughed and said "don't inhale so deep and don't hold it in" and I laughed with him.  (wink, wink)I actually found it very pleasurable and relaxing.  It didn't make me sick to my stomach like when I have tried cigarettes!It's hard not to patronize a place with such pleasant people.  I am definitely going to give it a second try with a group of people and have some food this time.
5	This past January marked a year my wife stopped smoking cigarettes.  So imagine my surprise when the one thing she wanted to do to mark the occasion was to...smoke hookah??  I personally hadn't done that in well over 6+ years.  28 reviews and counting with consistent 5 star reviews lead us to Layla.Although it's a small place that can cater to maybe 6 groups total, it's like a really cool guy's basement.  That really cool guy happens to also be named Guy.  He recognized my wife and I instantly since we lived in the same apartment complex a couple of years ago and had neighboring parking spots.  Throughout our visit, Guy was super friendly, attentive and made us feel very welcome.  The big leather couches you sit on INSIST that you stay a while.       We were informed that all their food was homemade so trying the falafel and hummus appetizer was an absolute must for me.  Their falafel rivals any other joint as the best in LV, crunchy outside and flavorful green inside.  I could tell right away that the hummus was homemade.  It tasted more like a super thick tahini sauce than your average hummus but I thought it accompanied the falafel really well.  I'll be sure to get it again.  We also got an order of stuffed grape leaves and a nice basket of freshly toasted pita.  Guy also hooked us up with a couple of pieces of baklava which made for a nice ending to the meal.Hookah time.  Lots of choices and my wife chose their "pina colada" which was fine and tasted as advertised.  3 bricks would have been enough for 4-6 people to smoke let alone two.Count on me as a repeat customer!  At the very least I'll order their great Middle Eastern food to go since they're open so late or we'll lounge out the next time my wife has "the itch".
5	Absolutely love this place. I would come here almost every weekend with one of my closest friends. Their hookah is amazing, always smooth. The staff is great and knowledgable about hookah and smoking. We only came here to smoke, but their menu looks delicious. Since we used to be somewhat of "regulars" they served us a plate of fries on the house - how lovely of them and the fries were great!Overall, I love this place and simply wish I had the time to visit more frequently!
5	I had a great time in this place,  The food was great and the hookah taste awesome!  This is the best Mediterranean food I had in this town, easy  five star  A+++
5	Great time and good music. Food the best ever. Rib eye steak wowwwww.You must must go....
5	Layla's has the Best Isreali food in town, hands down!!! FRESH and delicious.  The falafel's and lentil soup are extraordinary, the atmosphere is well suited and the service is outstanding. Guy K, one of the owners treats you like a super star! Finally GREAT Israeli food!! Great job boys!
5	Came in here not knowing what to expect! But what can I say, very excellent customer service. Had Shawama and it was amazing! Nizan the Manager great guy and makes you feel like you are the best customer. Nice and dim with alot of seating so great for groups. Lots of flavors and familiar names. So if you wanna eat and relax i suggest to come here.
5	I went to Layla Grill & Hookah last night for the first time and was soooo happy with the food drinks, and service! Sean was great and made us feel welcome right when we walled through the door! We went with the blue mist hookah and it was delish not the mention sooo smooth! My husband ordered the falafel sandwich and loved it and a friend was also happy with the chicken teryaki. Sean and the other servers were super cool and the place was nice and comfortable, overall we had a wonderful night and will definitely be back! :)
5	It wasn't my first time I admitI had the Swarma at the first time and it was  yummyCame back for schnitzel And loved it all over againReally big dish , great vibeAnd good prices tooAlways a pleasure to come inn ;)Thank u guys Keep it up Ned
5	This is the place 2 come chill. Owners are super nice & the environment is unique. The prices for the hookah & kosher food are perfect. Drink selection is great. Would recommend for anyone looking for a chill night w/ friends.
5	Great food and service, which are two aspects that truly make this a noteable place to experience.  I had the falafel which brought me back to my time in NYC.  The staff was amazing in terms of of how friendly and helpful the are.  I will definitely be back!
5	Definitely check this place out. Great vibe, great owners, GREAT FOOD! Everything is made in house. The hummus and pita bread was great, schwarma was very tasty, and a huge selection of alcoholic beverages. Great for lunch or for a lounge atmosphere with a few late night comrades. Thank you guys! Keep it up. Can't wait to see what the future holds. Zak
5	Great food, excellent service. The best hookah in town. We love to relax at Layla every weekend.
5	Keep coming to this place and have to say everything is flawless. Great food, juicy fresh and best hookah. Two thumbs up guys. Wish you much success!!!Roman
5	I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service! I would recommend the shawarma rap. It is amazing!
5	I love this place! The food is amazing. Music is fun. Love this hip hookah lounge. I come at least three times a week. I highly recommend it!
5	I finally understood what the Israelis were talking abou when they said that there wasn't any good shawarma in Vegas. This relatively new place gave me a taste of Israel. Defiantly check it out. Best Israeli food in Vegas.
5	I cannot find enough words in the dictionary to explain the outstanding,freshly cooked delicious juicy meals on this entire menu as well as the service provided treating you like a king or queen. I highly recommend the falafel balls, the hummus. the shwarma, the lentil soup, the beef and lamb kebabs, the schnitzel and salads. The two owners, service and cool atmosphere is a must to try out over and over again!!! Oh and let's not forget the best hookah in all of the world!
5	I have been to many hookah lounges, and this one is hands down the cleanest. Layla's has awesome food and drinks. The hookah is great too, they have many common classic flavors as well as their own twists. The customer service is amazing too. Always tending to the coals and making sure you're good on food and drink. It's a must try!
5	I had a really good experience with this place the service was great the food was awesome definitely recommend this place. .5 star easy!
5	Yummy food, friendly service,  super chill ambiance,  & tasty hookah! :) AND late nite hours!!
5	I have to say the hamburger here is juicy and tasty.   The taste of shawarma is almost as good as the one at N Miami Beach one.
4	Was in the mood for Mediterranean food so I headed to yelp! What a great find. Place is kind of small but very comfortable food is great atmosphere is nice and service was good as well. We had the hummus, the salad and beef kabobs. Kabobs were so good I had a second order which I shouldn't of had because I was exploding :) will be back again. It's a hooka lounge so it might be smoky at times.
5	Amazing food and great serVice! It's a smaller local restaurant with authentic food! The atmosphere is great and the drinks are even better! This is a place I will definitely be returning to!
4	I heard this was a place where you could get Middle Eastern Cuisine, so I thought I would give it a try. I love Lebanese food and I have not found a place on the West Coast that knows how to make shawarma. I was hoping this place did...nope. First of all you need to have the machine to rotate and cook the lamb. The meat does not taste the same on the grill. Then you need to have a panini grill to toast the sandwich after you roll it up. I still have to go back to Dearborn, Michigan to get a good shawarma sandwich.That being said, I will say they have a cool little hookah lounge. They have nice drink menu and food menu as well. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. I just want a real shawarma sandwich!! I think the owners are Israeli, so that would explain the different style of some of the cooking. They make shawarma sandwiches way different. The food is going to vary from country to country in the Middle East, but it's all basically the same stuff.Anyways, the place looked clean and the food is good. I would recommend trying it out.
5	Go!  It's adorable with comfy couches and attentive owners/waiters who shower you with marinated, pickled vegetables and the most savory, textured hummus and pita bread like they have in Israel.  We only ordered drinks and our waiter brought out all of theses yummies.  Our drinks were large, potent and tasty!  According to the owner, it gets busy around 11PM - we were there around 6:30PM and had no trouble getting a table or getting served.  We'll be back!
5	Our server, Guy, was excellent. Burger and shawarma was very good...highly reccomended for any occasion.
5	What can I say?! The best hookah place in Vegas by far!!!The food, the service , the music are just perfect 10!The hookah?! Well, I bought one from them so you can imagine how good it is.You just can't go wrong with all those 5 star reviews! Defiantly recommended.
4	Tried the chicken shwarama last night, it was different but in a good way. The service was great, the guy that helped us was Victor and he was awesome. I do wish the place was a little bigger. Its one of those places where you walk in and everyone looks at you because of how small it is. Anyhow, this is a place I would come back to.
5	Excellent customer service. Out hookah lasted 4 hours straight without needing to blow it out or rotate the coals. The food is ABSOLUTELY delicious! They offer alcohol and there are TVs to watch the sports. The staff will do anything to satisfy you. They are very welcoming and considerate! All their food is fresh!!!
5	I love the food! Shawarma wrap is different compared the the usual shawarma I had in the past. Uniquely good. Service is awesome. Our server is very pleasant and knowledgeable about the food.
5	I did all the way from New York to this place I heard about this place  a lot.excellent atmosphere, good music and good price and  excellent food.Highly recommend this place
2	Editing my review from 5/5 to 2/5. Was my second experience at Layla's and everything was great including the food and vibe. The service was a little slow when it got busy so that's to be expected and not a big deal. The reason for my edit on this review is because I woke up this morning throwing up the food I ordered(Shawarma plate). Could be an isolated incident but after the whole Firefly thing you never know.
5	Great atmosphere, Great Food, Great customer service. Definitely more than 5 stars. Highly recommend. I will be taking my family here when they come to Vegas to visit. Great! Great! Great!!!
5	I love this place !! We come here all the time for a chill place to smoke hookah at. Me and my friends love it ! Highly recommend it. And the food is great !
5	Before I talk about their hookah, I will like to say thank you for the best customer service we got from Gy. Thank you. The hookah we were recommended was a mix if Blue mist and  Rose, one of the best mix ever must try. This is best place to be when u stay in Las Vegas.
5	You must visit this place when you're in town or even if you live here!!! Guy, who is one of the partners is such an amazing man and always wants his customers to get THE BEST service! He immediately sat us down and made such a BOMB hooka! We even got a complimentary homemade humus with a homemade spicy sauce and pickles, it's a must try! Hands down a great hooka place and the environment was extra friendly, just like your home! COME SEE THEM!
5	The best hummus I've ever had! Staff/management was truly awesome. You can really tell that the owners/staff take pride in this place. I had Greek salad and falafel hummus. Was more than enough for 2-3 sittings. I'll be back for sure!
5	The experience is fun and exciting! Music is great! The service is also amazing! And most important, the food is great!
5	Layla is the best hang out place in Vegas!! You can do hookah and order food that is really good and for good prices.the service is amazing and the employes are really nice,also the music is amazing.
4	Don't like tobacco / hookah smoke? Sit outside with a view of the parking lot as you *inhale* their absolutely delicious and satisfying Falafel wrap. At $9 and change, it's all the money for a falafel wrap, but I think their spicy serrano 'tapenade' is so good (similar to Sababa's spicy green spread) that as long as some of that comes with it, it's totally worth it! And they're open late. The true test will be rolling over here at 1:45AM trying to order 4 Falafel wraps for me and my buds.No tap water available. Ask for "water" to accompany your wrap and you'll receive grocery store bottled water ($2).
4	The only place I had a shawarma was in Kuwait so I don't have much to compare it to. I will say, the shawarma I had here was a lot different but not in a bad way. It was actually really good, just different.The order came with 2 sides and I chose rice for both. Sides were small. I ended up with more meat than rice. I had to get take out because of my daughter but the environment itself looked like something I can enjoy with my wife. It was $13! Ouch. Over priced in my opinion and that is the reason for the - 1 star. Hope to find other shawarma places that can compete.
5	The food is the best food i have ever ate, the price is good refers to what you get. The service is kind and you feel like a VIP guest. We ordered the Pargiot and the Schnitzel and it was amazing.One of the most joy-able places i have been at.
1	Came here tonight based off yelp reviews. When we got there all the tables were taken so they offered us seats at the bar while we wait for a table to open up. After about 10 mins later a table left but they said it was reserved so we would get the next table. Another pair came in after us and sat at the bar. The reserved table has still not been occupied and it had been about half an hr now. 2 more tables open up and they give the reserved table to the couple who had walked in after us. Maybe the employees knew them but they weren't the ones with reservations so it was BS that they got a table before we did. We were so disappointed we didn't even finish our meal or hookah. and trust me we have already spent a good amount on alcohol, food, and hookah.Don't plan on coming back here and its a shame cause the food was good.
5	Great food !! the right flavors , big portions , and always fresh .cant wait to be in Vegas in few months and visit Layla again great costumer service very friendly stuff
5	This place is awesome!! Not sure what was better the food or the service? The Falafel Hummus and salads all great!!! The baklava and Turkish Coffee were a Great way to finish the meal!! Music great atmosphere perfect!!! Take your date here to hang out eat hookah or have dessert. Make sure you say Hi to the Manager Itay he is very helpful with the menu!!!!
5	My go to spot in Vegas, I LOVE the food, huge portions and always the freshest ingredients. Other places in Vegas just don't compare. I got Falafel wrap and it was just heavenly. I will be back for sure soon. Sean was fabulous!
4	Normally when I think of getting food from a hookah place, I think of overpriced options of mediocre quality: that is so NOT the case here. I don't smoke but was intrigued by their online menu. For just under $30, you can get a gigantic shwarma wrap and an order of schnitzel.The wrap is huge. It's like a Mediterranean take on a burrito, packed with meat, some red cabbage and salad, and a bit of hummus for good measure. You also have an option for mayo, but I don't know why on earth you'd do that. It's fan-frickin'-tastic.The schnitzel was my BF's pick: two thin-pounded, crispy cutlets, with two sides, for a filling portion of fresh food at $14. Not bad at all!Side options include fries, onion rings, rice, red cabbage salad, white cabbage salad, Mediterranean chopped salad, egg salad,or cole slaw. Red and white cabbage salad are both pretty similar to coleslaw and the chopped salad is fresh and tasty.Staff were super friendly and my order was ready very quickly. It's a bit of a drive for me, but I'm working it into my regular rotation for weekend lunches!
5	Best shawarma in Vegas :) and great hookah also. This is one of my hang outs with the girls. The environment and friendly staff are awesome. you have to try the hummus :)
5	Always a great time at LAYLA. The food is phenomenal,  the drinks are superb,  and the hookah is 'fresh'. The atmosphere here is always wonderful weather you're here during the day,  night, or after a club/party to unwind. Thank you Shahar for your constant hospitality!
5	I have been here multiple times and every time I go, the service is just awesome. It is consistent - the staff is uber friendly and they make sure that you are having the best time possible each and every time. The hookahs are good and they consistently replace the coals with hotter ones and are asking you if its ok - if its too harsh or if its still good. There was this one time my friend had undercooked chicken and they apologized repeatedly and brought out free shots for everyone at the table. This is another cool thing about this place - they randomly bring out free shots for everyone if you are there long enough. The drinks are also very cheap so if youre looking for a place to pregame before a night out on the town. Shots are cheaper than beers haha The mixed drinks such as a crown and coke or jameson and ginger ale are always really strong. This place has really good food as well. They have falafel balls that are really scrumptious. All in all, whether you want to pregame before you paint the night red or just want to chill, this would be a good choice.The waiters are REALLY nice and friendly. Never once have I NOT gotten a smile.
4	I enjoy Hookah lounge type environments when I go out, low music, good atmosphere for chatting with friends and nice staff which are attentive to you when your relaxing.Layla pretty much hit all of these on the head which is why they receive high praise from me, I showed up around 9 PM and stayed for a few hours with friends, the hookah we ordered was tasty, the drinks were good and the staff was all amazingly upbeat and happy to see us, chat at the table for a bit and make sure that our hookah was pulling well. I cannot review the food as we did not snack or eat here but the hookah and drinks were good.
1	Felt like I was smoking hookah in my garage. Horrible decor, mediocre hookah. Definitely better options in the surrounding area. Our server was difficult to understand.
5	The best part of this place was the service. The owner was beyond accommodating and friendly. The food was well made (falafel pita was pretty good) & the hookah was smooth.I highly recommend this place. Very chill vibes and atmosphere!
5	This place is amazing. The food is so incredibly good! We have nothing this good in California. Sometimes I wanna drive over to vegas just to come here!! The hookah could be a little better though, the actual tobacco isn't the best, but it'll do, the whole experience there makes up for the lack of some of the hookah flavors. The service is incredible!! Some of the friendliest people, I left very happy. Came here 2 or 3 times the last time I came to vegas. Its that good! Totally recommend this place!
2	Service isn't to my liking, although the food is great.
3	I love the food it is so yummy but the service is here is mediocre. I ordered hot water with lemon and it was cold. I politely asked him to heat it up later I asked for a refill and he told me this was the last time or else his boss would get mad. I'm spending money getting hella food  and hookah and your going to tell me I can't get a refill on water! Ridiculous and weird. Although I had weird vibes the first time my boyfriend and I went back a second time with a friend because we love the food. The second time we went it was packed. The guy told us to leave and go some where else instead of giving us a wait time. I would recommend to try this place only because of the food but I wouldn't ever go there regularly.
1	It has been a while since I felt like I ate somewhere "shady." Somewhere I felt just a little deceived - and over nothing worth ruining business over, but they did.We always sit down and ask for water when prompted for drinks. The assumption is a couple of cups of tap water will appear. Instead, two bottles of water appear. I tell the guy, "hey, I didn't want bottles - house water is fine." He replies, "it's a new year, live a little and have good water!" Now, I assume when a server says that and walks away that he's going to give me the water for free. Later on the bill, two bottles of water are billed at $2 each. I tell the guy, "hey, I didn't want this water. Your server just gave it to us and I asked for house water." "No problem," he says repeatedly, and takes off one bottle from the bill. I opened the other because we were thirsty.Being friendly while charging for something that wasn't asked for is a great way to look shady. The table had sauce smeared across it. Part of the wall is covered in black plastic. Construction? The bathrooms were also dirty with toilet paper all over the floor, empty water bottles, and no paper towels. Oh, and they have a lot of fake reviews.The food was mediocre, but the hummus was smooth. The end.EDIT: for those who want to know what was eaten.- Hummus plate with falafel and chicken shawarma. As I said, hummus was thick (and heavy with tahini) but smooth. The falafel would have been great if it wasn't overly fried to a hard exterior. Good flavor otherwise. Shawarma was really sauteed chicken and onions in their own mix of spices. Flavor was fine, but inherently it won't have that oily, crispy "meat on a spit" factor.- Grape leaves. Lightly seasoned rice in smaller grape leaves. Lemon flavored. Not bad, but a little pricey considering these were rice and not meat. But hey, that's most restaurants in Vegas. There's no real competition to step this game up.
5	I come here all the way from the strip for their hummus and mushrooms. If you are a fan of Mediterranean food you will love this place. I'm not a person who loves to write reviews but because of how much this place impresses me every time, I decided they deserve a great review. Their plates are huge and well worth the prices
4	We decided to go here for lunch and didn't smoke hookah.  We ordered the Shawarma wrap and falafel wrap.  Very impressed with the size and flavor of them.  Possibly one of the tastiest shawarma wraps I've ever eaten!  My only minor gripe is the beer.  They have their beer selection on the wall...all of which are bottled.  I wish they had beer on tap, specifically a good IPA or some microbrews.  Seems as though they get their beer from a Budwiser distributor.  Oh well...the food merits another visit.
5	Wish I had found this place earlier.  Food is excellent (late night shawarma craving).  Staff is very accommodating and attentive.  Sean is a great host.  Israeli style pickles are solid!
