4	I have been searching for a Mongolian BBQ locally since I moved here.  We were just driving down Stephanie near Sunset when we spotted Genghis Grill.  What a pleasant surprise.Only open a few days the service was well trained which was surprising. You can order appetizers and desserts but the main attraction is the BBQ.  After giving you two silver dishes you fill the larger one with your meats and seafood and then load it up with vegetables.  Be sure to add a lot of them as they will cook down quite a bit.Next you fill the small bowl with your choice of flavor sauces with everything from flavorful to spicy.  After this you take your bowls to the BBQ where you have your choice of rices, noodles, pasta and even surprisingly tortillas.  You can watch them cook up your own concoction or they will deliver it to your table.  Our experience wasn't perfect. Our drink was watery and for some reason they said they were out of edamame appetizers which considering they had been open only two days seemed like the had few bugs to work out.  Overall we plan on going back soon.  While not cheap the meal was tasty, filling and served piping hot.
1	The food was great but the service was not desirable. They forgot my friend's lettuce wraps and we are on a time budget. It took 30 minutes for them to realize that she did get her food. Then the manager came over to apologize and gave her a buy one and get one bowl 20% off with a purchase of 2 drinks coupon.  And it doesnt apply to the unlimited bowl. They certainly know how to take care of customers (sarcasm). The people working there definitely were new and you can tell that they were being trained at that time. We wanted to pay because we were late for class and asked a different waiter to ring us up. They had to find the original server to deal with bill. We would have went back but because this experience kinda blew. I dont think my friends would want to return.
2	Genghis Grill has it all wrong. If I was from Po-dunkville, Arkansas this would be my idea of Mongolian grilling or healthy stir fry. Since it's the shiny, new restaurant in my neighborhood I thought I would give it a whirl. Plus I had to re balance my Yelp chi since my numbers were 210 and 110 and some poor soul wanted to be my friend so it went to 211 screwing it up. INITIAL IMPRESSION: Too many tables in too small of a space. They tried to seat us in between six full tables while the rest of the areas were open. Not gonna happen homey. Also the lighting is too bright. All good, I bet the food and service is amazing. Hahahaha.SERVICE:  Service was too much yet it fucking sucked. No one understood what Happy Hour was and they effed up every part of my order accept for the bowl I fucking made.  Every time I had a bite in my mouth they would ask me a question. I did not have a chance to relax and enjoy my meal, yet ever five seconds someone was on my nuts about the experience. Overattentive, yet they still managed to mess up our drink and appetizer orders. Things that make you go hmmmm.  FOOD: For a second just envision raw chicken pieces swimming in it's chicken juice. Then you are expected to scoop a bowl of the meat and slime and mix it in the same bowl with your raw veggies and egg. WTF?! Maybe my OCD was just kickin, but it felt wrong and I couldn't do it. Yes, I'm a complicated order bitches. Thanks for reminding me and making a scene about it.  Big effin deal when I asked for a separate bowl for my veggies and egg. The manager came over to talk to me (without an extra bowl in hand mind you) and give me the Stir Fry For Dummies lecture about how it all ends up in the same place anyways. Do I look like a fucking Mongoloid to you Manager man? News Flash Fuck Face: You lost your stir fry credentials when I peeped meatballs and pepperoni on the line so ba-bye. They do have tons of veggies, eggs, seasonings (mostly seasoned salts) and a variety of sauces (high in sugar) to choose from. If you were from the moon or live off of Hamburger Helper you would think you are having a healthy meal and be super proud of yourself. I wish they would offer healthier choices like raw garlic, ginger and low sodium and sugar free sauces to their selections for those of us who know and watch. They do have brown rice so they get a couple snaps for that.What whacked out Mongolian Grill place also has spaghetti and burritos?! Genghis does and not in a hipster trendy sorta way either. Penn and Teller would definitely call BULLSHIT. The atmosphere was that of a circus or kid's pizza joint with seven screaming men around the grill taking turns lighting fires and banging on the steel drum. The only way that would work for me is if they were topless with six packs, blue eyes and dancing a little. I'd be throwin hundreds, hundreds.I found the entire experience to be stressful instead of enjoyable and even though the food wasn't too bad it certainly wasn't worth the price or the extra sugar and calories. An hour later my stomach hurt. Genghis, you get 2 STARS because I'd rather see your fake stir fry place than a 99 Cent store in my hood any day.
1	The service left alot to be desired of.  As we arrived, the hostess was polite and friendly and seated us right away.  After that, everything went downhill!  We sat there with not so much as a greeting until the same hostess that seated us had to ask if anyone was helping us.  Finally our server "Twila" finally came and told us that she would be with us.  No sorry for the wait, just sort of it's busy, I'll get to you.  Then she came and then when it came time to explain how the place runs and how to get your food she basically said that she wanted to wait until the other table was ready so that she could take us in a group.  Yep, that's why I came out with my family, to make this a group event!  She must have noticed the looks on our faces because she suddenly changed her mind and said well I can just take you now.  Soon after we started eating our food, she came back and dropped off surveys and asked us to fill them out.  Could we have waited until after we ate to do this?  She then came back 10 minutes later and asked if we were going to fill out the surveys or if she should just take them back. Wow this place gives you mandatory homework with your food!  The food itself was just ok.  I have eaten at some much better Mongolian BBQ places but unfortunately they are out of town so my hopes were high for this place.  The sauces were a bit too sweet and thick.  The noodles were a bit undercooked.  At the end of the day the mediocre food is not worth the terrible service.
2	The food is decent and you choose your ingredients. The kids cooking do a good job, BUT the wait staff is really slow and they do not have their act together. They really go into too much detail on how the place works, it's pretty simply, big bowl is the stuff you want, the little bowl is your seasonings and sauce, take it to the grill and tell them if you want rice, noodles, wrap... Then the fun begins, after it's cooked these kids seem to get confused when they try to deliver the bowl. The first time they asked if I was David, "No David is the waiter, I am Jeff like it says on the card" Duh! Slow refills on drinks, we ordered a dessert and it took longer to get than our entire dining experience. Our check was wrong, blah blah blah...... Good food, the wait staff needs to grow up and be re-trained.Maybe one day they can have a section where you don't have to deal with a waiter? and stop playing such krap background music!
4	About two weeks ago, this new Mongolia BBQ joint opened up on Stephanie.  My cousin mentioned how great this place was and wanted to bring me to try them out.  This place is right next to Momo sushi and behind Cox cable.  Walking into this place, you are immediately greeted by the staff.  There's a big grill in the back of the restaurant where their "grill masters" cook your food.  To the right of the hostess station, there's a bar and to the left of the grill masters station, you will see the food options.  SERVICE:  One piece of advice:  Listen to your server as there are a lot of options and information.  Our server's name was Anthony and was very attentive to our every need.  He explained the process of Mongolian BBQ at Genghis and checked back at our table regularly to help us.  FOOD:  Build Your Own Bowl for $8.99 (bottomless bowls for an extra $2.00) There are many food options at Genghis.  You can choose the types of protein, the seasoning, the vegetables, the sauces and the starches, as well as the amount- as long as it fits in your bowls!  Your server will give you a metal bowl with separate area for sauce.  You job is to go through the line and choose as many proteins, veggies, sauces and seasonings that you would like.  Here' what I chose:-Proteins: Chicken, Pork and Shrimp-Seasonings: Salt, Pepper, Steakhouse Seasoning, Garlic Powder-Veggies:  Garlic Water, Bok Choy, Green Beans, Water Chestnuts, Cabbage, Carrots, Onions, Squash, Bean Sprouts, Mongo Peppers (bell pepper combo), Green Onions, Mushrooms-Sauce:  3G sauce -  As stated, robust Asian flavors, tangy and salt, goes well with every kind of protein-Starch: Fried rice -  A bunch a veggies, soy sauce and eggsI appreciate the fact that they even had small spoons for sauce tasting and a separate bin to discard your spoons.  After you fill your bowls, you then give your bowls to the grill masters, where they grill it with your starch of choice, then transfer it to a red bowl and WAHLAH!  Your food is served!  The food came fast and the combined flavors were AH-MAZE-ING!  So much flavor, so much punch, so much kick, so much amazingness.  At first, I was going to get the bottomless bowls, but after my first bowl, I was done.  It was perfect for a lunch portion and didn't make me feel lethargic.  The one thing I was thinking of as I ate, was what combination I was going with on my next visit!AMBIANCE:  I really liked the interactive feel I got from this place.  Choosing your own foods and sauces and waiting for your finished product really seemed to stir up a lot of conversation at our table.  I think the fact that you could also see your food being made and using a Gong to signal servers that the food is ready, makes for a very hip and engaging vibe.  Add in the fact that you have a bar and you have a very trendy restaurant in my opinion. BATHROOMS:  What really did it for me was the option to use a Dyson Airblade in the restrooms.  I'm a big advocate for going green and love the Dyson Airblade.  It's nothing short of spectacular and kudos to Genghis for supplying their customers with that!All in all I would say that this place is a great new addition to the community.  Have I had better Mongolian BBQ?  Yes.  Has those other experiences been here  in Vegas?  No.  I think this is a great option for Vegas and think that the ambiance and service will keep me coming back!
1	When I drove past Genghis on Stephanie I was like wow, a new Mongolian place! Mongolian BBQ is one of my favorite things to eat, second only to pizza and tied with Mexican food. I've had Mongolian BBQ for almost 20 years now in many different places so I have some previous experience to go on. Genghis hadn't opened at that time so I kinda forgot about it until I read the article in the RJ online that Genghis was now open. My wife was excited about it as well so we grabbed our 2 year old and away we went. When we got there and stepped inside we were ambushed by the new and enthusiastic wait staff. We were shown to a table, and we squeezed into our seats. The layout of this location looks like it was designed by an accountant looking for maximum revenue per square foot vs. someone thinking of a pleasant dining experience. Getting a high chair was no problem, getting it to the table was a bit tight. Once seated our waitress hauled out the metal contraption: A piece of stainless steel holding a tiny cup and a itsy-bitsy cup that we would use to build our bowl with. The tiny cup was for the protein, the itsy-bitsy cup was for the sauces. Oh and then we had to give her our names for a card that we had to carry with our tiny cups...a card that is a pain in the rear end to deal with for all involved. After the explanation of the contraption we were released to go make our bowls! But not before getting upsold on the appetizers, we chose potstickers so they would shut up and we proceeded to make our way past the always on the move wait staff in the narrow corridors to the build your bowl stations. If this was your first experience with Mongolian BBQ you might be impressed. Oh look, they have chicken, steak, imitation crab,and oooh! Calimari! Yawn! Even with long arms getting to the choices was a stretch and not comfortable. If you were in a wheelchair this would be an exercise in utter futility. The offerings looked like standard food service bulk meat and were nothing special. Next up were the spices. Again to the inexperienced it would appear they had lots of choices. To me it was like they cut the offerings in half from what I've had elsewhere. And the offerings were kinda lame, and didn't really work well for balancing out various spice preferences. But you do your best and try to make it work before heading to the sauces. You juggle your metal contraption, don't drop your name card, and try and ladle in sauces that looked like goo, black goo, brown goo, soy based goo, and more goo. All of it going into that itsy bitsy cup. By now you're like can we get this over with but oh no, next up is the grill! At the grill you get asked if you want rice, noodles, they give you several choices. They grab your little card with your name on it, check off what you want, and then in theory they put your bowl contents on the grill, put your card close by, and cook it while keeping track of it all. In reality it's chaos. Paper cards around fire? Dumb. Then there's the wooden sticks being used to move your food. They're soaking in solution prior to being used...and you wonder how long it's been sitting in there. Anyway at this point many people went back to their seats...I stayed and watched as the grillers lost track of order after order, and servers were like who does this belong to, wash, rinse, repeat, ad nauseum. When the food is cooked and slid into their cool looking bowls they ring a pathetic gong and go on to the next usually lost track of order. Skipping over getting frustrated when you finally get your food, or the server hopefully gets your order to you it's just ok. Food service meat mixed with lame spices and goo is what it is. While eating your goo you get the servers asking is it ok? Again over and over. The potstickers? You're better off going to Vons and buying Pei-Wei from the frozen foods section and heating it up at home...it tastes better. I had my drink spilled, they were so quick to clean it up that I was like impressed! Best service in Vegas....the floor tiles were barely able to get damp they were on it so fast. Meanwhile my two year old tried the goo...and he's already a vegetarian and he spit out the various unsauced vegetables and flat refused anything smothered in goo. We ordered a cheese quesadilla for him instead...he did eat half of that. Overall there's no other way to say it: This place seriously sucks. It's bad when I can get better Mongolian BBQ at Hu-Hot in Lincoln, Nebraska of all places. And the BD's chain with locations in Denver and Kansas City puts Genghis to utter shame. On top of that tack on a $40 check for this slop (1 bowl each, no seconds) and you've got a great "Worst of Las Vegas" candidate. If it wasn't for our server being helpful, I would be howling in protest over giving 1 star. At least Walgreens is across the street for the Tums, Tagamet, and Kaopectate you will likely need in about 45 minutes after you leave the parking lot. And I'm not joking either.
1	Genghis went there for my first time  about 2 weeks ago. Bad Experience , No Bueno. My friends and i went there , i was excited to try Genghis since i love Mongolian BBQ back in california. We first arrived and was greeted and had to wait about 15min. We were jammed against the window in there bad waiting area, were the servers have to pass by with the customers drinks . We were then taken to our table , and squeezed into our seats; felt like a sardine.  The server then came , really nice lady ; and brought over some small silver trays that look like a cat milk bowl ,serious. At first i thought the silver trays were for appetizers, but happen to be the bowl where i was going to make my dish from. The lady then toke us over to the food barr area , the food  barr area was so comfined. It was difficuilt to pick and choose my items because of the glass. When it came to choose my sauces it was so hard to pick and choose since i was given a small cupp. The sauces were like corn syrup and sugary . When it came down to making my bowl i asked for brown  rice and ended up getting no noodles in my bowl. The server then brought me cooked noodles on the side, no flavor what so ever . I was upset and told the serverv that i wasn't happy with my meal she then asked if she could bring me a lettuce wrapped ,  i told her sure. Wasnt excited about the lettuce wrapped .The manager then came and apoligzed and said he would take it off he check. My experience and expectations  were not what i expected if i can give them a Zero Star on the Review i would, but in order for my post to be posted i had to click one star.  Didnt come across as True Monogolian BBQ.
2	The service was fine, we had a nice waitress that kept our drinks full. For the price I thought it was a pretty small bowl, and it just seems like a game they are playing. You get this small silver cat dish and when they serve it ,it comes in a large red funky shaped bowl. As if no one can figure that out.  The fried rice looked ok, the noodles were disgusting. I should have refused to eat them as they made my stomach upset later in the day. Very, very greasy, sauces were sugery. They have calories on the wall and I have a sneaking suspicion they are very misleading and the calorie count is probably without the carbs and sauces.... This place is run in a guise of hoping we don't notice we are being treated like knuckleheads sardined in for an 8.99 bowl of goo. The cat dish is what? to prompt you to what upgrade to a second bowl of goo?  Yes, the tables were small, there was 4 people in my party and I was afraid to move my elbow. The bill was 45 bucks without tips. ( you get reminded to tip too via signs)... For that amount of money  you are better off going to the Great Greek On Warm Springs and you can eat off their family meal for a few days. By the way two people in the party were hungry later on in the day.. so after spending so much on lunch they weren't even full... seemed extra expensive on that note....    I was disappointed with the overall experience. It wasn't a total bust but I would not go back unless someone else wanted me to go. In short too much work and aggravation. Getting your own food, squeezing in and out of the tables, and too little of it for the price once you consider tax and tip.
5	So why would you beat up on a brand new place. obviously these are younger folks just trying to make money by starting here and you folks just throw them under the bus. This is not rocket science  but they do have some highly edumacated folks there.Yes they are a chain but yes this is new store. The concept is sound, the food is fresh and clean and only bad because you cant figure out how to season it. That is the whole concept. I sit at full service bar and am treated like king with my named asked for and used several times. Drink and food club stuff avail. All you can eat for 14.00 is cheap. If you dont know how to fill one bowl to the max and dont understand how meat shrinks when you cook it then pay the extra 3 bucks cheapass. I have been waiting for good Mongo since that place went TU on Flamingo near UNLV. Give these guys a chance, ask questions the first time you are there, they will gladly help you out. Most of all give immediate common sence feedback on table size and such so they can at least look into improveing your crummy little life experience. Dont just go once, like it but whine about it!
3	Okay so this place is not a restaurant you want impress your first dinner date with, but the loud, spirited stir fryers who cook up your Mongolian BBQ dish exhibition style (fire & all)  makes it a chill place you want to get together with your family and friends.  It's a AYCE joint.  There's a salad bar type area where you build and create your stir fry dish. Reminds me of the buffet part of Fiesta, but here you have more choices. Ambiance - Contemporary design, casual atmosphere, the tables were a little squished in and noisy from everyone talking so loud that busy body me knows what's up in your life cause I can hear your convo. heh heh. Service - Was greeted and seated right away....which was surprising considering it was super busy.  Our server Janine did great  She always checked up on us, kept our drinks filled and kept us up on the status of food which was being prepared. I didn't feel that our server offering us appetizers was "up selling" whatsoever, it's like at the burger place asking if you want fries with that? Just say no thanks that's all if ya dont want any. Food - All the ingredients appeared fresh, the meats were cold, I didn't see any meats that were soaking in their juices that I had read in some reviews. (believe me I would've just left if I saw that)  The veggie choices were also at cold temps and were crisp.  The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the noodles I chose the first time around.  My husband really liked Udon noodles  though.   So the second round I passed on starches and loaded up on tofu, veggies, lil bit of beef, 2 seasonings, cilantro, skipped up on the starches and got a lettuce wrap instead. When I tried my second bowl of stir fry I was pleasantly surprised at my creation it turned out pretty good! My suggestion, skip the salt and  ease up on the sauces.  You dont want to drown out your dish with more than 1/2 a cup of sauce. It might end up being too salty or too sweet taking way the flavor of your dish instead of enhancing it.  Hence that "tiny" cup of sauce should be more than enough.  Or check out the little card recipes as your guide. That's your safest bet on your meal turning out good.Both my husband and I liked our food creations and we enjoyed our first dining experience here.
4	Initial Impression and experience: So I have always loved Mongolian BBQ. I've dined at many in CA over the years, and this is the first one I've been to here in NV. When we walked up we were greeted outside the door and followed in to be seated right away. That was nice. We were sat at a table and told out waiter would be right with us. He came over and asked if we had ever been there. We said no, so he explained how it all works. Pretty easy to figure out, but whatever, we listened anyway. We got up and went to the food counter. All the food looked fresh and crisp. It was a little difficult to reach some of the items in the back because of the very low sneeze guard. The bowl they give you is VERY small, so everything you try to overstack falls off  :/ We watched them cook our food for a minute, and they came over to let us know our appetizer was on the table for us. So we went over to sit and eat.Service: Service was on the a lot to be desired side. We each had a drink and they never refilled them for us. They actually took my boyfriends cup (like they were going to refill it) but never brought it back. They listened to my 13 year son over me on whether or not he was going to get all you can eat and brought him a second bowl to fill up anyway. I had to again tell them no, we are not getting all you can eat.Food: The food was fresh and very good sauces and spices were available.Price: TOO EXPENSIVE. There were 3 of us and we each got 1 bowl, an appetizer to share, and each a drink and we spent over $50. Too much to pay if you don't even end up with some left overs to take home. The price would have been fine if it was all you can eat that we did, but not for 1 tiny bowl.Overall: We enjoyed the food a lot, but there wasn't enough and it was too expensive. I would go back, but not for the price. Like another person said, it's almost double what you would pay in CA for the same thing. You can even get close to this same type of food at any buffet here is Vegas and pay less, but have other options as well. I really liked the food and would love to go back, but only if they drop their prices.
2	Just had a weekday lunch here and it there was a nice crowd - so I was hopeful it was going to be GREAT! But after the so-so experience I don't think that were rushing back anytime soon.  Staff was great - we were seated and explained the process since we were 1st timers - we then followed her to the buffet line where you pick your own ingredients - so if it doesn't taste good - that's your own fault.  They have a menu board and the ingredients that go into it - but you have to make it yourself.  I tried to follow along - but got lost and just started adding what I thought went into it.  I would suggest piling up your bowl with your favorites and don't go too heavy on the sauce.  I didn't pile on enough so when my bowl came it was very sad looking - and tasted just OK.  We also ordered pot stickers which I would not recommend.  Tasted like it was frozen and just heated up, and the sauce was like it was from a bottle.  I would say it is FUN to experience this at least once - but don't set you expectation too high.  Remember - if it doesn't taste absolutely delicious - that is no ones fault but your own as  you chose the ingredients.
4	I really like Genghis Grill, but this location tried to cram about 20 tables too many into its small space. Kind of claustrophobic, so I recommend sitting at the tables in the bar area. If the food is bad, it's kind of your own fault since you chose what went in it! :)
4	Last night a few of us went to Genghis after work to have some Mongolian BBQ and drinks.  It was Friday, a long week and we deserved it!If you look at my last update, you'll know that this place has a lot to choose from.  This time, I decided to get the bottomless dinner bowl for $13.99.  I tried getting the Udon noodles on my first bowl and wasn't impressed.  The noodles didn't take much of the flavor I hoped it would.  Got the fried rice in my second bowl and I was a happy camper.  Love putting pork and shrimp in there, plus a lot of texture, like bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and other crunchy veggies.  At the end of my meal, I had to try the molten lava cake with ice cream for $4.99.  It was a light and fluffy cake, filled with fudge.  If you get this dessert, I would recommend adding the ice cream in to bring another flavor to the chocolate.  All in all, it was was great dessert and a great way to end my dinner there.Last night was a wonderful time.  Great company, good food and great service!  Janean was our server and she was super attentive and funny as heck.  I know that the table next to us didn't have a great time with her, but I never judge the service by someone else.  Everyone has their own levels of service expectations and mine includes forgiveness.  With Janean though, there were no red flags and I truly appreciated her calling us by our first names at all times.I have a great appreciation for this place and I know that you will too!  Be sure to stop by and get some Mongolian goodness!
3	Finally tried it. Its a bit on the pricey side and they try their hardest to slow you down so you don't eat that much and up sell all the expensive appetizers and fancy drinks. They bring you these little dinky bowls to put your stuff in, which when cooked will amount to about 1/2 chinese food take out container. Have to get the all you can eat, or you'll starve to death from lack of food. They have way too many employees working at one time, they could get rid of about half of them and still run the place efficiently and maybe drop the bowl a buck or two, however the waitress we had was friendly, informative & helpful. The format is awkward at best compared to all the rest of the Mongolian BBQ's I have been to across the nation as they try to make this a restaurant experience & show instead of a Mongolian BBQ. It gets extremely crowded during the dinner hours and extremely loud, so crowded your practically bumping elbows with the party next to you. When you get up 3 tables have got to slide out of your way so you can squeeze through the little 4 inches in between tables (little over done, but you get the point). Kinda curious why they put on a "fire show" when they want you to sit down after giving them your bowl, you cant see it due to the booths and the yelling and gonging is kinda annoying.If your tall like me, expect a workout to get anything under the sneeze guards. This place must of been designed by midgets (no offense to midget architects). The meats are average and they have a fair selection of veggies, but the sauces are either too sugary or too salty and unusually thick (like molasses) and its hard to fine tune to taste especially for heat. Don't listen to them when they say their sauces are hot. I dumped a ton of their real hot one (Khanzu Sauce) and it barely spiced it at all, and their powdered spices don't do much either.  But all said, I can make a fairly tasty bowl and that's why we came. Roommate really liked the Curry Peanut Sauce.If I was on this side of town, and wanting Mongolian "style" BBQ, I would visit again. I figure I'll get the sauces down eventually, but it is definitely not worth a special trip or traveling from afar like from the Strip or Summerlin.Well see if this place survives (which I doubt), its WAY too expensive for what you get.
1	*This review does not reflect the great service I got by my waitress Jen*Please excuse the vulgarity of this review** By no means is this place a mongolian bbq, or should even have the word mongolian in its title. What a disgrace to the mongolian people. All the bad reviews on yelp nail this one. You put your gross tasting meats in your itty bitty bowl, pick from a selection of terrible veggie combinations then add goopy, thick, slimy sauces that make no sense on why anyone would ever consume such a thing. After taking a few bites and being unsatisfied we desided to let the manager know how gross it is, in a polite way, and she tells us if we come back we can make fajitas from their odd variety next time. Yes, because when I think of mongolian, I think of fajitas..?.. i think I just died a lil inside.Not only save your money, but save your time and life, go across to arbys and eat atleast 20 beef sandwiches and I doubt the stomach ache from that wont add up to the stomach ache youll get from a few bites of this place.you know a place is bad you have the immediate urge to take a scolding hot shower shortly after eating. I feel dirty :(
5	Read a few of the negative reviews below and felt like I had to respond.  First of all if you limit yourself to the size of the bowl then of course you will leave hungry.  However if you know how to stack your bowl properly you will not only leave full but will have enough left over for another meal.  There are several GG in Az and my husband and I ate there A LOT when we lived in Phx.  I always took it as a personal challenge to see how high I could pile my bowl.  I've gotten it so high before that they had to serve it to me in two of their red bowls.  So if you leave the GG hungry its because you barely put anything in the bowl, and yes veggies do shrink.  As far as the Mongolian BBQ thing... Its not a mongolian BBQ its a grill.  Its very similar to any other Mongolian grill ive ever been to with the exception of the high quality meats they have at the GG.  So pretty much its up to you how your food tastes because you make your own sauce.I have been a regular at the GG for years(granted not this location) and have always left happy and full.  I was very excited to see one here in Las Vegas and after dining there I can say they did not disappoint.  The service was fantastic, the staff was friendly, and the manager came out several times to check on us.  I think this place is def worth a stop.  Be sure to try and figure out how to maximize your tiny bowl.  A little creative stacking goes a long way!
5	I love this place.  It allows me to get great quality and healthy food at a cost of only $10.99 per bowl.  The service is still getting up to par but it doesn't out weigh the food or the experience.  I wouled highly recommend.  I did find seating kinda cramped.
4	Food was fabulous. We went there this afternoon. There was a nice crowd there but we were sat right away. They have a 5 step process to making your own "bowls".After going through the buffet style station, you bring your bowl to the cooks and  they get the show on the road. Our lunch was done and on our table in about 7-8 minutes.My only complaints aren't that serious but still bothered me none the less...1- It was bitterly cold in there! I was literally shivering as I tried to eat lunch. I'm not one to get cold so for me to be FREEZING.. the AC was definitely on too high. 2- While going along the line making our bowls, there were three rows of random ingredients. I couldn't reach the back row! My husband had to reach anything I wanted for me. The woman behind me had the same problem. Not everyone has gorilla arms! Cater to everyone please! Buy longer spoons! Outside of that, everything was great. Our server "Sasha" was very informative and was knowledgeable. She answered all the questions we had about sauces and food allergies.Will be back again soon! Yum!
4	Went he for lunch and it was not overly crowded (yay!) Our waitress came, took our drink orders, asked about food allergies and (because I'm new to Mongolian BBQ) explained how the process works. Having a recipe chart up on the wall really helped. I went with Beef & Broccoli but was able to add ingredients I enjoy, but aren't normally in this dish. It was fantastic!I had peach tea to drink and it was very weak in peach flavor. It wasn't sweetened, which for me is a plus. The only negative is the big f-ing gong the cooks beat like an enemy if/when they get a tip. If the gong bothers you don't tip them.Will definitely be going back again in the future.
5	Amazing!  Glad they finally opened one here in Vegas.  They have one back in my home town and its always a big hit.  Honestly if you think it's not good its probably only your own fault for not fixing your bowl right.
4	I'm actually pretty familiar with Genghis Grill during the old days of my Dallas misadventures.  I used to frequent the place quite often, and was sorry to lose it as one of my restaurant choices when I moved to the West coast.  Well, now it's back.  Or here, I guess is the better way to put it.I've noticed reviews are all over the place for the restaurant, but my experience was good.  We got there before the dinner crowd, so we were seated quickly and ready to be served.  We did the "Build A Bowl" option, and for a $10.99 single bowl dinner price, that was more than fair, though the option to go "unlimited" is an extra $3.Basically, there are a number of meats, vegetables, sauces and starches (noodles, rice, tortilla) to chose from.  You can choose how much you want of everything, and pick whatever ingredient options you want.  Because of the options, you can choose a lot of related things, or go for some pretty outlandish mixtures.  But it's on you if things actually go well together or not, so if you make something you don't like or didn't get enough.... Well, you made it, so there you go.I created a veritable feast of meats, with enough garlic to kill off the cast of "True Blood".  You hang out, while they cook everything up on this huge circular grill, and after a few minutes, the meal is yours.The options seemed to have changed/expanded since my initial Lone Star State visits, but really, all I cared about was my self-made meal.  And that's probably all I'll ever really care about during another return.Service was pleasant and appreciative.  They also seem very conscientious about being respectful to food allergies.  While I have none, I'm sure someone will appreciate the extra "Is this okay" check-in.  Drinks were refilled quickly, the manager came over to chat and ask about our food experience.  And we got out just before they got slammed with customers.  And they do carry out, as long as it's not the "All You Can Eat" option.All in all, I was pretty satisfied to revisit a familiar experience.  I will echo someone else's statement that I hope they open another location on the west side of town, because it's a bit of a drive, but nothing out of control.Glad for a new food option.  I'll be checking it out again.
4	Really good, fast, and can be super healthy' or not.Its a build it yourself place, so if you don't know what to make for yourself, ask. Expected a fast food style place, definitely not, in a good way.
1	Redemption?: After a 1 Star Review, has Genghis improved? With family in from Nebraska who wanted Mongolian BBQ it was time to find out. And after my 1st review of this place brought me a LOT of flak, private messages, and even some hate messages, I was like I'm going to wait to do a 2nd review. But that time is now and here it is. (I edited / added to this review, critics can go read the additional comments at the bottom.)We went in for lunch on a Friday and I stayed quiet acting like I had never been there before as the person with me had not been there. We were seated promptly and given our super tiny little dog bowl for our meat choices and the hamster sized water cup for our sauces and listened to the whole spiel. Then we got dragged up to the counter and was having the process of bowl building explained when we got rushed through it as another horde of people started to come through. It's still a pain in the rear to reach the food offerings to build your bowl with, the calimari and high end meats are gone, the spices are lame as I said before, and the black and brown goo sauce choices are still there. The same slow griller process is also in place, and yes they still use the absolutely asinine cards with the bowls to keep track of things. ( BD's does it so much better! ) The person I was with kept comparing it to HuHot in Lincoln, NE and she said out loud that this process sucked. The food we got was ok. I ignored the griller recommendations and went with brown rice. Brown rice is hard to mess up, and it provides some food stability. (It's that Misti Y influence at work again.)  It's one item that usually won't suck. It was a good choice as this time the food was not as bad as last time.  But after I got tired of using the chopsticks I went to unwrap one of the cheapest food service mass produced forks in history only to find it's DIRTY! SCREECHING HALT IN PROGRESS, oh no Boo-Boo, we don't do dirty utensils. You will bring me another one like right freakin now! 4 min later a new fork arrives and I eat the rest of my lukewarm bowl. Across the table she barely eats about 1/4 of her bowl. Now keep in mind she's not inexperienced at Mongolian BBQ, she's ate it in 6 states, multiple different places too, and for her to only eat 1/4 of her bowl...ugh. I ask for her opinion, and she's nice and says it's "ok". Then I ask about how they compare to BD's and she's like this place sucks compared to them. Enough said. So after getting one more offer to buy an overpriced dessert we get our check. With an 18% tip it's almost $29 for 2 people to have lunch. Choking back that I just got seriously ripped off feeling I signed the check and headed for the door. I did tell the staff that things have improved (Hey, they didn't spill something at the table this time so I was being honest!) But 45 min later I began to get sick. Did you know that from Pecos and Sunset to Sunset and I-515 there are 4 Terribles locations with bathrooms? I can now give reviews on 2 out of those 4 thanks to Genghis Grill's food. What's worse is when 2 people have urgent needs to use the same bathrooms. They need bigger restroom facilities that can handle more than 1 person at a time. There's also a great CVS pharmacy close to the Fox 5 studios on Sunset that sells Imodium tablets that kept our Friday from being an ode to Charmin type day. I'm sorry but 1 Star is where this crappy place stays, and it gets bumped to my Call the Health Department list as my stomach still hurts almost 24 hours later.Edit: 1: I know how to SERIOUSLY stack. And I still feel the bowls are way too small compared to their competitors offerings. 2: The sauces suck, period. I will mix my own sauces, I don't need someone to do it for me. And as for the product they've dumped out there for people to use, I can get better stuff at Vons off the shelf. 3: Pricing even with sales tax variations is still higher when compared with Denver, Kansas City, and Minneapolis. How do I know? I just got off the phone after calling and asking and comparing it against the receipt I have in my hand. 4: If the Clark County Health Dept wasn't in such disarray of late I'd walk in a complaint in person on Monday since I'll be downtown. Might just do it anyway. An inspection would do this place some good. Buying Imodium after the fact should NOT be part of my lunch time costs. People can squawk all they want but restaurant food should not make multiple people sick after it's consumed. And there's not a critic on here that should question that. I take these reviews with the utmost seriousness as I learned from Chef Gio at Old School Pizzeria that these reviews have impact. These reviews can make or even break a business. I don't write 1 star reviews for spite, I simply call it as I experience it.
4	Read over the negitive reviews and I don't get it. I have lived all over this country and eaten at many Mongolian grills and the Genghis in Henderson is great. Complaining about the size bowls??? What, they are the size and everywhere else that I have eaten. Part of the skill at a grill is to know how to stack yoour veg and protein. I have never been there when the food was anything other than fresh. The comment about sauce not being cooked with the food? I don't get that either. Same with pricing. It is not over priced. I am just stunned by the reviews. Not at all with our experiences there.
4	I took my teenage daughter here on a Saturday afternoon while we were running errands & was very pleased.  While I was familiar with the concept of Mongolian BBQ, she was not, so the waitress took her time explaining exactly what needed to happen.  I had to help out a little bit along the way, but the waitress (Kat?) was great.  We went down the food-bar making our bowls, and while yes, the silver bowls that they give you are pretty small, it's pretty easy to stack all of the things you want inside.  Personally, I ended up with a bowl of food that was bigger than I could eat, as did my daughter.The choices were good, though there were a few things that I felt were missing.  I would have liked some better options in the produce, but it was still pretty good.  There were a LOT of protein options - steak, chicken, shrimp, sausage, etc.  I used marinaded steak and shrimp.  Sauces and spices - again a lot of options.  As I'd never been here, I wasn't sure what I wanted, but I pieced it together and was happy with the end product.To top it off, your carb is separate.  While many places give you a bigger bowl, you often have to stuff your noodles in there as well as the meats and veggies.  Genghis doesn't do it that way.  When you give your bowl to the chef, you tell him which carb you want.  I went with the Udon and was happy to see that they were Udon noodles and not spaghetti noodles, like I sometimes see.All in all, a good experience.  I'd like to go back again sometime for dinner & try the scallops.
4	I enjoy making and watching other people trying to stack pounds of stuff on the bowls trying to get their moneys worth:) the food is always good and service is pretty smooth. the first two times the messed up my rice but were quick to offer to fix it.
4	The only two things I miss about living in Michigan are BD's and Flat Top Grill.  I have literally rerouted airplane trips to have layovers in Chicago and Dallas so I can run out for a bowl.  Thus I watched the construction of Genghis with baited breath and high fived the lord for putting it two blocks from my office.  For years, I got stirfry once or twice a week because one bowl lasts two meals (am I right, pro-stackers?!)Sadly, it's been eight trips so far, and the place is still not quite right.  I will absolutely keep eating there, but I always tell them honestly when they ask how my visit was, and many of the frequent irritations seem easy to fix!  (Watch out, TL;DR coming!)THE BAD:1) The habitual mistake I see every time is how the grillers dump the bowl and walk away.  I have even watched my pile sit still until it's time to sauce.  The word "stir" in "stir fry" should have been on Day One of training, guys.  Move that shit around!   Aside from the performance aspect (which is supposed to be one of the selling features), it prevents food from burning itself to the grill, and flaking charred remains into my meal.  When you watch them plate your bowl, you see a thin black layer of food lost to the grill, which wouldn't happen if they kept the piles moving.  I cringe to think how much wasted food is hauled out of that trap every night.  At BD's the guys rotate around the grill, so every pile gets flipped a few times.  There's a fine line between leaving it long enough to brown, and ignoring it so long it burns.  I lose half my crab every meal because it's left behind, blackened to the grill.  STIR!  MORE!2) The guys who designed the buffet dimensions suck and the store owners should demand a do-over.  I imagine it's hard to think of every body size and ability, but the back row is so far behind the sneeze guard, I literally have to bend over and press my shoulder against the rail to stretch far enough.  For a while, they had a guy back there handing you the unreachables.  Considering how much shrimp I eat, I sympathize with their tactics ... but the message is clear when they have two rows of fish and the shrimp in back: They don't want you eating it!  I've gone at 4:00 and the scallops weren't out yet, so I can only imagine they somehow create an additional barrier.  Portion it out in plastic cups if the cost is killing you!3) The cooks need improvement for reading the card instructions, something time will fix I hope.  I have asked for rice on the side, and it was mixed.  I have asked for an extra sauce cup and they told me I have to ask my server.  I walked five feet over and grabbed it myself from the station.  I have asked for my bowl to go, and they handed me a plate.  I have gotten a bowl to go, and they handed me a To Go box sitting on a plate.  I ended up walking over to the server station and bagging it myself.  Rookie moves, guys!4) The appetizers are disappointing.  Twice I have ordered appetizers and they arrived after my bowl.  The citrus salt is too strong on the edamame.  The lettuce gets soggy when you pour all the meat over all the lettuce.  Some lettuce should be on the side so it can stay crisp -- pouring hot meat and sauce on lettuce equals limp cooked lettuce for the last half of the dish!THE GOOD:1) After a few rough trips, we wrote an email listing our problems and the manager invited us back for a free meal.  Gold star response!2) I pay $9 for Teriyaki Madness, and can get Genghis To Go in the same time for a dollar more -- but I get all the "Surf N Turf" I can stack.  I eat half for lunch and the rest for dinner.  Anyone who complains about the size of the bowls isn't doing it right and/or expecting the business to lose money.  I punish the Station Buffets like anyone else, but stand-alone restaurant owners walk a razor thin margin.  There's plenty of food and money for us all to go home happy and full, folks.3) My friends and I have gotten diabolical with the game of stacking over the years.  My personal best involves tucking snowpeas along the rim to create a retaining wall, and pressing the meat down with a broccoli floret (don't use the tongs, because someone might be allergic to something else touched in your bowl.)  We are easily amused.  ;-)
3	Good quality of food, and very kid friendly. A little pricey, which explains why it isn't 5 stars. Great fire show! My son loved it when they cleaned the grill. The portions are somewhat smaller than I expected. To be quite honest, the whole process of getting your food is a little confusing. I don't like the idea of the public being able to touch their own raw meat for some reason. It grosses me out. All the same....it's adequate but not fantastic.
1	Well, I can see why they did not actually put Mongolian BBQ on the sign but like a few other reviews have put, they do say stir fry.... To say I am some sort of Mongolian BBQ snob is in no way true but I will say, living in Northern California you definitely get spoiled having some great Mongolian BBQ spots to go check out. Now please remember, when I say Mongolian BBQ place I am talking about bowls the size of buckets and that you fill with the thinly sliced meat and then have your boxing buddy beat the hell out of the meat so you can fit all the veggies and then create the mount Shasta of noodles on top and then flood the bowl with great sauces. That is what got our mouths watering when we say the sign for this place as well as the guy walking to his car in the parking lot talking about how amazing it was. Perfect, we found a Mongolian place that the customers outside think is amazing.... Let me start by saying I would love to find out how often that guy eats spaghettio's for dinner because this place was the farthest thing from amazing. We were seated and given a menu, looking over it and seeing that one bowl is something like $10 plus $3 for all you can eat that should have been the red flag but then when the waitress brought our our pet food dishes I really should have known. We were handed 3 bowls if that is what you call them with some piece of paper that you have to pull some cirque stuff to hang onto. Let me explain these bowls, One is for your meat which is quite small and then the largest is for your veggies, now don't let the word largest fool you because it is far from that and they also give you this cup for sauce, it looks like the cups you get at chili's when you ask for a side of ranch. Really?? That just wont cut it for us saucy types. Oh but Ray, the meat selection is the redemption.. Ha, sorry Mr. Genghis, the last time I check Peperoni and sausage sure as hell don't belong in Mongolian BBQ let alone a stir fry. Are you sure this isn't a pizza joint in disguise. I walked up to the meat and the chicken was floating in its own......well I'm not quite sure what that is that it is floating in but I know that it cant be good. I was so utterly disgusted by the choice we had just made to eat here but decided to give it a chance and move on down the line. Once you finish walking down the line you tell the guy at the grill what kind of noodles you want including spaghetti noodle... What the hell?!?! So, by this time you have picked your ridiculous meat and your terrible veggies and filled your shot glass with sauce and handed it over to Brad the Mongolian Chef and you are counting on him to make it all better and well this is where the trip to Mongolia crash and burns literally, Burns. He dumps the bowls of goods on the burner and left it sitting there while they rang some crazy gong and damn near lit the place on fire. I guess it entertained the kids but while they are being entertained my food was charring.  I would much rather watch that guy skip around the grill turning my food while yelling ye-haw. That would definitely entertain me more since my food would be cooked correctly. Now for the biggest trick they attempt to pull, they have these bowls that are shaped like a piece of modern art that look gigantic but that is the one side the other sits about as high as the side of an inflatable raft in the ocean, if you are not sure what that is like just try it and you will see. If you haven't figured out buy now, this is not a place that I would recommend and the fact that my wife and I both had terrible stomach pains that night after eating here guarantees we will never set foot back in this place and will definitely make sure our friends don't make the same mistake we did by thinking this was a Mongolian BBQ
5	The food is amazing.  You get to make it how you like it and with so many options for meats, veggies, spices, and sauces, if it taste bad than you probably picked the wrong combinations.  Ive been twice in the last week and look forward to eating here again.  For $10 I got more than I could eat and took the rest home.  Yeah you can pay a few bucks more for all you can eat, but if you pack as much into your first bowl you probably won't need any more.  I love spicy food, so I made a bowl of seasoned beef, chicken, brocoli, lots of jalepenos, peppers, garlic and used 2 different sauces and it was amazing.  My wife and kid love this place as well.  I definetly would suggest giving this place a try.  The servers have also been very polite and the atmosphere is exactly what I would expect which is a nice cozy place to enjoy a meal.  This is now my 2nd favorite place to eat after (El-Torito Cafe)!!!
4	Really, really good! We first walked in, and just stood there for a long time. Almost left, but they had just opened and we gave them time. Once we were seated, we met Mia. It was our first time there. We chose to make our own bowl. She walked us over, explained how it worked and let us loose on deciding what wonderful, fresh meat, veggies and sauces we wanted. They have cards that offer suggestions on what to choose, or you can choose whatever sounds good. Get more veggies than you think...smashing it down in the bowl as you go along...as they cook down. I loved the idea of grabbing an egg so there would be scrambled egg in the mix, so don't forget to grab the egg along the way if that's what you like. Yum!Really liked the experience. Mia checked back with us, as did the manager. Really loved the food! The service was great. We were really glad we didn't listen to the random bad reviews. This place is great.
4	Very happy to this open up.  I love mongolian barbeque and anytime I go to a buffet I order this fresh.  Nothing at a buffet at a local casino compares to Genghis Grill - there were more choices in meat, veggies, spices and sauces.  I do agree with other reviewers there are way too many tables in it and I could not reach the back row to get the shrimp and other options since I am 5'2 and have short arms.  I did like the TVs and got to watch some soccer and loved the decor.  We will give it a try again.
3	I've been to this place in Phoenix and I was super psyched when one opened in Las Vegas! I'm glad it's here but it's not my favorite. I eat here about twice a month anyway because it's an easy way to get your veggies and it's cheap.You go in, sit down, order your drink and get a bowl. Then you belly up to the bar and fix your own bowl. Drop it at the grill and your server delivers it to your table when it is ready. THE BAD:The bar is usually dirty which freaks me out. I know it's hard to keep the place clean but geez, sometimes it is downright nasty. The cooks also NEVER cook my bowls enough. I ask for it super well done / almost blackened and every single time my shrimp comes out opaque and I have to tell 'em to cook it more. I also experience tummy issues an hour or so after eating here...maybe from all the fiber? I don't know. Another thing I really hate is that EVERY SINGLE TIME I have eaten here, the server has felt the need to comment on how many bowls I've eaten. We've had probably 8 different waiters and they all say something about it. I'm not fat (and there's nothing wrong with being chunky) but I can eat, and it makes me really uncomfortable when people feel like they have to say things like "wow, this is your THIRD BOWL?" Maybe corporate teaches them to do that so they will shame you into not getting another plate of shrimp. (And by the way, my bowls are usually 100% veggies; I don't like that meat that swims in its own...juices on the bar)! THE GOOD:You can pile on all the meat and veggies you want. It's fun to play chef and create a bowl with all the different dry spices and wet sauces. I usually pay the additional $3 to add on the all-you-can-eat bowl because it makes it easier to experiment. If you don't like the first bowl, make another. The iced tea is freshly brewed and really good, and they have Coke Zero. I also love that there are lots of protein choices (marinated steak, chicken breast, shrimp, turkey, and more) and you can choose a starch (tortillas, noodles, rice) or just have none at all (I usually have no starch). It's an easy place to get full for under $30 for two. I've noticed the crowds have died down significantly since the place opened. It used to be packed and you had to wait to eat but now you can walk in pretty much any time of the day. A decent place to go and one that I'll continue to visit.
5	This place was awesome!  I've been to many Mongolian grills before, but this tops them all.  Truly excellent selection of meats, vegetables, sauces.  Really nice dining format too.  You are seated like a normal restaurant, then you walk through a buffet style area to fill up your bowl with as much as you'd like, drop it off at the grill, and then they bring it to you.As of this writing they've only been open about three months, but the people were already streaming in at 5pm!  It looks to be a franchise based on the quality of the environment and the whole dining process.  Very friendly and informative staff.I'm already looking forward to going again.  Prices are great too...about $10, plus you can go with a "bottomless" bowl for only an extra $3.  Wide drink selection.
5	Yum! This place is convenient because it's close to my house and it's also very good. You basically pick all the meat, veggies, and sauce you like and bring it over to get cooked. Food usually comes out fairly quickly. For the starch items, I like to do a combo of half fried rice and half udon noodles. It's usually more than enough food for me. Good stuff!
4	The Good:Presentation.  It is hands-on.  As expected in a Mongolian grill, you walk around the station where you can pick your Proteins (Good meats), Spices, Veggies, Sauces.  I felt they had adequate number of choices there.  The quality of selection looked and tasted good.  Once you make your choices, you walk up to the grill where your selection of food combined with your choice of Starch (Rice/Fried Rice/Udon Noodles/Pasta) is cooked on a large grill.  It is fun to sense (both watch and smell) your food while it is being cooked.Outside of food quality, the place has lot of information to offer you through their large labels/signs posted all around on walls.  Waiting staff is young and friendly.  It is a hands-on dining experience. Do not expect a white glove service.  The Bad:You got to ask for second bowl ($2 additional) if you feel like going for a second time around the food station and have more food cooked for you.  Problem is not with additional $2, but to reach out and ask the waiter for a second bowl.  You don't want any wait times or that wicked you-eat-a-lot smirk on your waiter's face while you are on a food quest like one real Genghis. Do you?
1	Servers are easily destracted. Our server had 3 tables including us and looked to be sweeping the floor across the way. Slow refills on drinks and when I finally asked for our check, she could be seen in the back office room munching out on her own dinner. My bowl items were not well mixed when cooking and I got a bite of nothing but a ball of sauce! We are done and left our "rewards" card on the table, they always forget to put points on it anyways. done.
2	I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, wanted to like this place. Let's start w the positive. Nice atmosphere, liked the bar and the fact that we could get mixed drinks, great staff! VERY friendly and helpful! Definitely the best looking Mongolian place I've been to. Unfortunately you can not eat all the above! If so it would be a 5 star joint. The food... Well it's hard to explain but it's not Mongolian BBQ. If they'd have left the mongolian out of the name and just called it Genghis Grill Stir fry, maybe I'd feel different. I just expected real Mongolian. I know it's a chain restaurant and you can tell they spent some dough in this place. But how do you screw Mongolian up? It's like these cats way over thought the concept? The meat was not good. The veggies combos were all wrong. And the sauces, which a prob the most important part were to thick! Way to thick. I don't care about the metal bowls and the cooks banging the gong when tipped, all I wanted was some descent Mongolian. What they have is way over done corporate over americanized Stir Fry. Apparently you can get fajitas though? All you can eat! What a joke!
3	My friend has been wanting me to try this place for quite some time. She says that the choices are good and the selection was better than others made it out to be. I am a huge fan of stir fry and was willing to give it a try. Overall it was not bad, I just have an issue with a few items. One, the bowl that they give you is not that large. Even the best of stackers will have issues with getting the most veggies packed into that tiny half sphere. Two, for the $11 it is not worth it, but adding an additional $3 for unlimited is a decent value. Three, the scallops are not worth it. I know, you should never expect decent scallops, but these baby ones are tough after cooking. It felt like I was chewing on rubber.The service was friendly and my server offered me a new bowl without judgment. I have had better experiences with Mongolian BBQ.
4	My first impression wasn't very good.  I have been to many of the mongolian grills before and find they use frozen meats both killing taste and making your bowl look full but really on the thin side as the meat doesn't bend to make room in the bowl.  The restaurant atmosphere is essentially a cafeteria, not designed for comfort but rather to cram as many people into the restaurant as possible.The concept is fun and my daughter loved it.  Grab your bowl and get in line, as you progress you choose your protien from shrimp, scallops, pork, chicken, beef, sausage, pepperoni, etc.  Then your spice including salt and pepper, cajun, etc.  You can mix spices. Then your veggies and there is a wide selection.  Finally your sauce, again you can mix and they even recommend some mixing.  They have sweet sauces for the kids and spicy ones for the adult kids :)    Then it is off to the cooking station to pick your starch from various rice and noodle options and then watch them stir fry your meal on the round grill.I have to say the food was excellent.  The ingredients were fresh and not frozen, the flavor was great and the sauces were tasty.  The best thing is it is a bottomless bowl for an extra 2.95 (free for kids) so you can eat as much as you want.We will be back soon!
3	The food is really good and I like that you get to pick all your items. However, the bar sucks. Not only does it have slow service but they also give you barely any alcohol in your drinks and you could leave with a stomach ache from all of the mix they give you.
4	I've been to Genghis twice and the first time was very lack luster.. I was going to give a 2 or 3 star review but after my second encounter I decided to up the ante to a 4 star. The food is traditional Mongolian BBQ in that you get a small bowl which you skillfull try to stuff as much ingredients into then have them cook it for you either over noodles or rice. Sauce included or on the side. The sides are good I love that they have bok choy  which you dont often see on many Mongolian BBQ's. They try hard to keep the area clean and usually succeed. The only complaint I have is that maybe the people cooking need a lil more training.. sometime the food sits a lil too long on the grill .. just my preference I suppose.. Its decent.. I'll definitely be back.
3	A fast food Mongolian grill, nice idea, for some reason the decor reminds me of a panda express.Anyways, as we know the food is what counts, so let's see.A nice selection of proteins to pick from, one glaring issue, while its great to see them offering shrimp, they still have the vein in, not the first time I have seen this, but still not something I would eat.Service has been good, waiter is very friendly, though my diet coke went MIA for a while.I will say there is a large selection sauces to go on the food and they ask about allergy problems, of course selecting your own food to be cooked it should take care off this issue.So the food has arrived, I guess I know how to pick good ingredients as it was pretty good. Some of the food was a little burnt, but all in all it was a good meal and certainly good for $11.Gourmet it is not, but it doesn't pretend to be, it delvers as advertised to I am happy.The waiter passed the empty glass test, it was quickly refilled.So all in all, a good deal, good food, the shrimp thing bothers me though.
3	My My...There are some serious haters of this place. I'm glad that I didn't read Yelp before going. I actually went because two people in my office raved about it. I went there on two different occasions to buy gift cards for birthdays. I finally decided to go with friends. I've only been to one other Mongolian grill place so there isn't a lot to compare. All that I can say is that the service was mediocre and not terrible. The food was good. I like the concept of making your own meal with ingredients that you like.  My partner didn't follow instructions and put the sauce in his food bowl instead of the side bowl. They made him go back and put more sauce in the side bowl. Ultimately what happened was an inedible bowl. None of us can figure out why they made him add more sauce. It was too much sauce and not good. Three of us; however, enjoyed our meal. I didn't know that this place is a chain. Oh well...I'll go back because I enjoyed it. I'm not sure that my partner will though. The idea of the sauce makes him queasy,
5	Yes! This is what i've been looking for in Henderson. A bottomless mongolian grill joint containing multiple types of carbs and meats for your satiating preferences.when  you first arrive, you instantly notice the huge food bar to your left filled with steaks, beef, shrimp, marinated fish, PEPPERONIS, imitation crab, all sorts of goodies. FIll up your bowl and move onto the different seasonings (yellow curry was sickkness!), then onto veggies and your choice of sauces. So many sauces..it was hard to choose. Luckily it was bottomless so I tried 5 differnet ones with my 5 bowls! my go-to combo: pepperoni, steak, mushrooms, bamboo, water chestnuts, with Dragon sauce and their special fried rice. Killer dish. I was literally in Mongolia..
4	I agree, cafeteria style and they cram you into a fast food type of eatery but, the hostess did move us from the uncontrolled kid area to a quieter area.  Our server was friendly and gives you a tour for first timers.  Pile all you can into the bowl since it all shrinks down big time.  I thought I put cabbage in there.....where did it go?  Anyway I liked it all with your many choices of meats, veggies, spices, and sauces.  So each time it's a different experience of flavor.  Of course their tea is freshly brewed.... A huge shout out to that!  We will definetly start this place into our rotation of frequent places to eat.
1	Gross. Awful service. RUN AWAY!
4	Hmm, reviews seem a bit lukewarm and I can't really figure out why. These guys offer everything you could need or want in a decent mongolian grill (and much more) and I've been pleased each time I ate here.It's interesting inside. They have a small bar to prepare various well and specialty drinks if you feel the need to get buzzed whilst chowing down on mongolian food. As a previous reviewer noted, it's not particularly comfortable inside-- seems more like a cafeteria style lay out rather than an intimate dining area but I imagine that this style probably fits the casual experience of preparing your own concoction for dinner. They are very friendly here and are more than happy to explain the process to the uninitiated. The availability of healthier options such as low carb or brown rice is certainly a plus for the health conscious.Now for the food. It's actually quite overwhelming to a mongolian bbq fan like myself because you really don't know where the start. In addition to over half a dozen different meat options, there are many optional spices and far more vegetables than you know what to do with. Plenty of non-authentic options are included, such as as mexican and teriyaki flavors. They have some pre-set recipes for you to follow that will probably make your time in line a lot easier, but being as stubborn as I am, I somehow believe that I can make my bowl more delicious through my own creativity.  You can add a decent amount of meat and they won't complain if it isn't ridiculously excessive.They add plenty of rice and if you flavored your entree well enough, you don't even require any additional soy or chili sauce. It's not the best mongolian I've ever had but its conveniently located, filling, and served in a friendly manner. What's not to like?
5	This place is great and allows you to eat what you like and as much or little as you would like. I love this place and frequent it often. Great for large parties
3	Turned on to this place by a friend. When I walked in, immediately reminded me of Pei Wei. Seems like the same kind of concept, but you build your meal yourself.If you don't come with someone who has experienced this place before, you could wind up skimping yourself on your meal. You are responsible for either building your dream bowl, or you can select from a few recommended templates. But, if you don't take into consideration that your meal will shrink drastically once it is fully cooked, your overstuffed precooked bowl comes to your table cooked and barely half the size it was before. I've even stacked to the point of carrying my bowl to the cooking station covering the edges with my hands to keep it all in and still got back a very small cooked portion.All in all, the food tastes great, better yet, awesome, you just don't get a lot of bang for your buck and it's a pretty steep buck. But I give them brownie points for serving Coke Zero!
3	Genghis Grill is an ok place. The place is nice and like the idea of being able to customize your bowl the way you want. They give you so many meats, sauces, seasonings and vegetables to choose from you'll never run out of creative ways to make your bowl. Plus for the lazy person, they have bowls already created so you don't have to decide if choice is hard for ya lol. The biggest drawback is PRICE!! Average $10 for a bowl. The scary part is you can pile up so much ingredients and have it overflowing with goodness and BOOM!! When its cooked your bowl has shrunk lol. I was like what the hell? Did they drop half my food on the floor? Especially for the money. If your craving Mongolian, you can find better deals elsewhere. At the Fiesta Henderson Buffet, they have a mongolian section and you can customize your plate anyway you want for half the price and as the Fat Boys Song says, "All You Can" Eat!!" Until next time, Let's Eat!!!
4	I wanted to wait until I went back here a couple times before I wrote a review. I have been three times now, so here we go. The first visit was only a couple days after they opened and it seemed like it was not only everyone's first couple days at this location, but everyone's first day in the restaurant business. I wouldn't have called anything bad, but it just seemed like everyone was very new at their jobs.The food was not my favorite among Mongolian bbq style restaurants I have been to. After two more visits, I think I have it ironed out. I was used to having many liquid sauces and flavorings at the end of the buffet line where here the majority of the flavoring takes place near the beginning of the line with dry spices. The spices are served with very tiny spoons so I did not take as much as I should which resulted in the final product being quite bland. After adjusting my seasonings, everything really seems to be clicking.On my last visit, I had a delicious, well cooked meal and great service. This place is on it's way up and worth a try, especially since it is the only restaurant of this type that I know of in Las Vegas.
5	I love this place you get a big bowl u pick your meats,veggies,and/or fruit plus seasonings and sauce give it to the grill cooks they prepare your food on this giant grill,then give it to the waiter who then brings it to your tabl,it is so good,I go all the time,love it
3	I definitely like this place for a routine fast casual staple. It can use some improvement though. Fork was dirty. Lighting is too bright. Going a little dimmer would give a better ambience. Place was busy and food was fresh. Service was good. Their system and training showed. Sample spoons on the sauces were empty. Only had red cap soy sauce and not green.
1	Would never go back! VERY disappointed!
4	I have eaten at this location several times.  The food is delicious!  Well worth the price.  The daytime staff is great, but the evening staff is incompetent and lousy!!!
4	This is a choose your own adventure kind of restaurant.  How your food ends up tasting is mostly up to you.  They let you pile up your bowl as high as you want, so go ahead and mash some food down when you're stuffing it.I was quite impressed with the amount of meats they had.  Chicken, pork, shrimp, beef, ham, turkey.  Big good sized shrimp too by the way.  I can't even remember all the meats.  Most stir-fry places have 3 or 4 meats, this place probably has close to 10.The next station is seasoning.  There's about 12 options here as well.  I stuck with the cajun spices for the night.  Remember that just a couple of dashes is all you need.Plenty of vegetables.  Tons of vegetables.  Mini corn, broccali, green beans, spinach, cabbage, pineapple, celery, mushrooms.  Tons of stuff.Then the sauces.  I was recommended the Szechuan sauce by a friend and it was good.  I don't know what it is exactly....it's like a thin teriyaki sauce? No, that's not right.  I can't describe it.  In any case, it was good.  There was about 10 other sauces: "stir-fry" sauce, sweet and sour, teriyaki and more.  Unfortunately for someone who is watching their carbs, every single sauce is thickened up with wheat.The last station is the "starches" which includes a few kinds of rice and a few kinds of noodles.  Tortillas was also an option.  I'm avoiding carbs where I can so I skipped out on this last option.  What really made me happy is that nobody made a big deal or cared about me skipping out on "filler" when I was doing the all-you-can-eat option.With a soda and the all you can eat option, my total for one person before tip was $17.  It's not terribly expensive, but I'm not exactly impressed with the cost.
4	very nice..used to go to BD Mongolian all the time...but none in Vegas. *Womp Womp" Me and the wife tried Genghis Grill. Just like what I was used to. Food turned out good. At the time I wasn't impressed with the service. However I was told later the delays were related to a fund raiser for a school that was taking place. So I will have to go back soon. Food was good!! $3 more for unlimited eats!!!
5	I really like it here. Our server was helpful and showed my husband and I how the restaurant works. You get a bowl and are able to fill it up with as much meat and veggies you want at the bar/station. You also pick your spices the sauce and the starch. The food is practically cooked in front of you (if you hang around the grill). The price is very affordable and if you want all you can eat its an extra $3.  There was a fundraiser taking place durning our visit and even though it was busy the service was relatively fast. I'm looking forward to going again.
4	Pleasantly surprised and I trigger moreso than I expected. It's a step above Mongolian BBQ that I've had in the past. The selections are quite vast and the wide array of vegetables are super fresh. It's a yummy yet healthy option and filling for 10.99. $3 more and your bowl is bottomless but honestly I eat a ton and one bowl is good enough. Pile the veggies up high and don't be shy; they do cook down!
3	Had dinner here tonight.  I didn't really have high expectations of this place before trying it for the first time but afterwards I am now a big fan! All the staff were very attentive, my waiter Brett was friendly and checked in on me almost a little too much. Seriously though I received much better service here than I have at some of the premier restaurants on the strip. The food area was regularly cleaned and restocked. All the food was fresh looking and cooked thoroughly. Lots of choices when it came to meats, veggies and the sauces.  Only thing that kept me from giving this 5 stars was that when giving my uncooked bowl of food to grill master to cook, he asked what starch I wanted and I said brown rice.  When my food was cooked and delivered to me though, udon noodles had been given to me instead of brown rice.  I am not a picky eater and I was hungry and had dived right in. It actually took me a few bites to realize the error.  I'm not one to complain or send things back unless it's really a grievous error and I didn't want to go through the process of collecting everything again and waiting for it to be cooked so I just shrugged it off and kept on eating.  Big screen TV in there was nice as well as I dined alone tonight. Dinner bowls are $10.99 + drinks (alcohol is avail). You can pay $3 extra for a bottomless (all you can eat) bowl, but honestly if you pile your first bowl high enough, only football players in training should need to go back for seconds.  I will come back again
1	Dear Genghis Grill:Be better. I really want to like you.This would have been a four- or five-star review if we were just talking about food. But since the restaurant experience is more than that, I cannot overlook the consistently bad, astoundingly unacceptable service here.I am not under the illusion that being a restaurant server is an easy job, but in the world of food service, waiting tables at a Mongolian restaurant is on the easier side of the industry, And yet probably about 80% of the time when I have been here, there has been some issue with the service.In most cases, the issue is, people aren't where they're supposed to be, pretty much ever.I have walked into the restaurant and waited at the podium for ten minutes waiting for someone to seat me. because the hostess was MIA.I've stood at the empty grill for five minutes waiting for the cook to come back to take my food..I've sat at the bar for 15 minutes waiting for the bartender to show up so I could order a takeout bowl.I have sat staring at my cooked bowl sitting on the counter getting cold, counting the number of servers who walked past it.I can't figure out if they're always understaffed, or just clueless. Nobody does their job.I have been waiting for years and years for a Mongolian place to open in Vegas, and I'm on the verge of writing it off forever.This isn't rocket science. There is simply no legitimate excuse for the service to be this bad at a restaurant where the task of serving food is so simple.I do like the food here but I honestly can't recommend it based on the uniformly terrible service. I can overlook quite a bit in terms of restaurants but everything about the service experience here is just frustrating.I'll be back once you get your sh** together.
3	Interesting to go to a Chain style grill place.Price - 5 star - For lunch, you can fill up your little saucer for 8.99 and then add your choice of starch.  Makes for a nice lunch meal   For 2.00 more, you can have a second bowl or more.Ambiance - 5 star - Clean organized, plenty of seating.  Roomy too.  Food - 2 star - All very nice in presentation,  well cooled.  However, everything was very hard to get to, the plexiglass protection from your face to the food is so short that anyone over 5'10 has to bend over and stretch to get to the food.  Overall, very inconvenient, but large choice of meats, vege and sauces.Cooked - 2 star This is very uninspired.  IT is grilled on the big hot grill like all Mongolian Grills are.  However, the taste just comes out "okay"  It isn't to die for, and is quite like having cafeteria food.  Decent, filling, and not bad.  Just not great.Service - 4 star - everyone is very well trained, cordial, pleasant and it would be a five star, but there is not a lot to "serve" other than drinks, hot sauce and the bill.  Overall, a nice clean and decent place to dine.  Just not really asian food. It is same as going to Panda Express for Chinese, or Taco Bell for "mexican".  Good for American Style, just not really authentic.They have a nice bar, that is a plus for you Thirsty Dogs!
1	Hit Genghis few days ago with gf, and three others.  We were planning a "wild and crazy" night of bingo at the Sunset Station since the cash ball bonus was calling my name.  We get to the restaurant at 5:30 - place is busy so we opt to eat in the bar area.  Bingo is at 7 so this gives us sufficient time to go a few rounds , at least that's what we thought.  Bartender was attentive with the drinks, we even got lucky since there was an NFL game on so Happy Hour prices on beer.Sadly, we get up to the food line and its 10 deep since they only have 1  buffet  line open.  we're told the 2nd line will open soon for the "dinner rush" - we're standing in line at about 5:45 - when does the rush begin ?  6?  7 ? Since the place is packed at 5:30 here's a crazy idea - open the 2nd line !!!So we get through round one - only complaint on food - they were low on a few items and my usual complaint about the place - small bowls.  When we gave the bowl to the cook he asked if we wanted the food to go - we told him no.So time for second round - it's 6:15 - we figure we have a 1/2 hour to get our food, eat then hit bingo.  This time, the line is about 15 deep - still only one line of food available - WTF !!!  I ask the guy re-filling to ingredients  who's the manager of the place, and he points to a guy manning the grill  - i'll share my concerns with him later.  In the meantime the line is moving at a snails pace.  And of course, i'm mid way filling my bowl when they OPEN THE SECOND LINE - thanks, thanks a lot !! Given time constraints, when they ask if we want it to go, we say yes.  By the time we get our food, we have 15 minute to pay and leave and get to bingo.  While getting our stuff together, i ask the bartender for our bill - put the $$ with 20% tip in the bill folder even though not pleased about the time issue and the BS of only one line.The manager comes over to ask how everything went - i expressed my disappointment about the one food line - she advises they open the 2nd line when the place gets busy - THE PLACE WAS BUSY WHEN WE WALKED INTO THE RESTAURANT ... nice try ! She then informs us we cannot take the food to go since we got the bottomless bowl. She had to make the smart remark, It's posted in the restaurant - it might be - i didn't see it nor was i looking - THEN WHY HAVE THE COOK ASK IF WE WANT IT TO GO ?  THEY SHOULD ASK IF WE HAVE THE BOTTOMLESS OPTION, THEN ASK ABOUT TO-GO.If we can't take it to go then bill us for the one bowl option !  Thankfully she agreed, otherwise, i was really going to lose it .  I get the bill folder and pull out the tip.F U GENGHIS GRILL - YOU'VE LOST MY BUSINESS
3	First off, this place is good. The selection of meats are really unequivocally vast. You get get sausage, pepperoni, pork, beef, chicken, and for dinner scallops. You are prompted to start with a protein after getting your bowl from the hostess stand. From the meat stand you proceed to dry seasoning which I did not really notice in the end product because the final sauces you add to your separate sauce cup are so viscous they overpower the dry seasoning. After seasoning you pick your vegetable, of which there are many. They the afore mentioned sauces a next. There are again, many from which to choose, all made in house. They were good but they are very thick and slightly off putting. With your bowl piled high you walk up to the counter and select your starch, rice in several iterations and 2 noodle choices. I like that they add to starch so you do not have to cram it in the bowl.Now the service. The hostess as someone mentioned was slow to appear and when she did she walked up to us with her head down and was writing something for like 2 mins before she acknowledged us, it was rather rude. We did have a good waitress though, how hard is bringing drinks? Also, the wait staff were rather chatty with each other and their giggling was sort of annoying and it seemed to take precedence over my food waiting at the counter being delivered to me.  In fact I was with someone and they and already gotten their food and were full into eating before my meal came, though it was ready. They do have a full bar and many different specialty drinks on their menu. I can for lunch though and I have no need to be bagged in the middle of the day.Bottom line, the place was good and I will be back to see if they improve or deteriorate. Hopefully they will be better next time and I can give a better rating because they have a potential for a great rating.
1	Ughhh..For the love of all things holy, do not go here. I'm a huge fan of all foods Asian, so of course I came here with my friend to try it since I recieved a coupon. I wish I went to Arbys instead. This is far from being good.  I mean really? Tortia chips as one of the carbs? This place is just a joke. Its like walking into a brighly lit apple bees but with none of the flavor. You cant pay me to go back here.
4	Love Mongolian BBQ, Love this place.  Everything is always fresh and has the best varitey of any I have been to.  Would have given it 5 stars if they had the traditional sesame and other cool oils....
2	A typical Mongolian BBQ place.  Nothing incredibly special but nothing terrible.  The only memorable part of our dinner was the company.  Compared to the place back home, it wasn't as good (and I didn't think that much of that place already).  Regardless, it was a decent--and cheaper than most places on the strip--place to fill our tummies before a night of drinking back on the strip.
1	The 1 star was for the food the rest was for the serves. I made the same bowl twice and it could not have been made more different by the cooks. Not to mention the fact they took my not even half eaten bowl while I was making the 2nd one. They say you go some where for the food you go back for the serves well I won't be back.
1	This place took forever - the whole wait staff was unprofessional and disgusting in appearance.  I wonder if they even wash their hands... The kitchen staff had nice clothes and wore a smile.  It took 40 minutes to get our food! The food was semi decent but not up to par... Bummer!
1	never going back! they're chefs cannot cook.although I did enjoy the whole concept of building your own dish. The staff was terrible as well. They had no personality, and showed little interest to my dinning needs. DON'T GO HERE!
1	Terrible food! I've been to better Mongolian grills at a mall than this place. You get small not very clean looking metal bowls that you have to cram your food selection into while trying not to throw your back out reaching like a contortionist for those back row items. The quality of the food is poor, the cooking is random, service is hit & run. 2 of us ate halfway through our less than mediocre bowls while one of us sat waiting for their bowl to come out. I ordered mine with the "fried rice"...most disgusting brown colored steamed (not fried) rice that tasted like it sat all day long waiting for a sucker like me to order it.For a week night dinner...3 bowls and 3 drinks with tip, our bill came to $50...WTF?! I could have gone across the street to Tony Roma's if I wanted to spend that!My stomach & wallet have banned this place for me.
5	Mongolian BBQ TimeAs my husband woke up today one of the first things out of his mouth was "I'm hungry"! I responded with we have this and we have that...but nothing was going to satisfy his craving except some mongolian bbq. I haven't ate any mongolian bbq in years, mainly because of food crossing other food. So, if you have any food allergies this could be dangerous. But my issue is with sesame seed oil, its a big trigger for my migraines. And being 8 months pregnant, well...I could go without the hassle of a migraine! As you could imagine my excitement about lunch was that of going to the doctors, but I sucked it up with a smile on my face.As we walked into Genghis Grill we were greeted by the friendly staff. The place was clean and had a good atmosphere. Our server was nice and showed us how to build the bowls. She also asked if we had any allergies...so nice to know that they care about their customers. I was amazing at how organized and clean the food station was. The meat, vegetable, spice and sauce assortment was amazing, way better then any other mongolian bbq I've been too before! You have the choice of creating your own mix or taking a recipe off the wall. I chose shrimp, fish, cabbage, pineapple, mushroom, tomatoes, green & red peppers, bamboo shoots, snow peas and some great sauces! A little tip, press the vegetables down as you add more, otherwise you won't be able to fit everything you want in the bowl! When we got to the grill, the cook asked again if we had any allergies! Wow, thank you so much for asking that Genghis Grill grill cook!!! The grill cook will also ask if you want steamed rice, brown rice, noddles, spiral noddles or tortillas shells. I love all the different varieties of this place!As we sat and waited for our food, it gave us a better chance to look over the menu. They have appetizers, desserts and a nice selection of beverages. By the time I was done reviewing the menu, the server brought us our food. Be fore warned...food is very hot when it comes off the grill!! I burnt my tongue, so don't be tempted to dig right in! After my tongue felt better and the bowl cooled off, I was able to taste my creation. Mine was delicious and my husband said his was pretty good as well! For an extra few dollars you can make your bowls unlimited, not that you really need too! Mine was filling enough but my husband had to try it again! After finishing my bowl and watching my husband eat his second, I decided to try some of their desserts. A nice  piece of pineapple cake. This was no ordinary pineapple cake, it had layers of cake and a type of cheese filling layers with a piece of pineapple in the middle. It was super yummy and the side of vanilla ice cream it came with, only made it that much better!!So, as an over all experience...I'd say...I'll be back soon to eat more!! If you are lucky enough to have one of these in your area and you haven't tried it yet, you should! You don't know what your missing!! http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
1	Today was my LAST time going to this restaurant!!!!  The food was horrible. I had a to go order, which was messed up, I asked for rice and noodles and got a box full of noodles. Thank goodness I checked my food before leaving. The manager offered a free bowl, I made another bowl, I guess I should have checked that one too, needless to say, when I got home my food was again messed up. It looked horrible, it was soo dry I couldn't eat it. This is not my first bad experience at this restaurant, but it is definitely my LAST. Oh, did I mention I waited over 20  minutes for the first order?  I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't happen. I'm willing to give any place a second try and I did, but this was the third strike, the second time my food was given to another customer. So I'm done.
1	Awful! Rude waiters, dirty dishes, served lettuce wraps with holy butter lettuce with hot meat on them?! 2 regrets, that I didn't check Yelp reviews first & honestly, I would have been happier with Arby's next door!!
2	The only reason I am giving a 2 is the server was amazing. The food is horrible. Nowhere near a real Mongolian grill. I did see an wide selection of food the shove in that tiny bowl ( wich was dirty ). There were no oils to cook the food in. There was no way to cook  the flavor in the meat. Everything came out bland. The udon noodles tasted like spaghetti so my first bowl tasted like a wanna be Asian pasta dish. I tried a second bowl to see If maybe I did something wrong. I spiced the crap out of the meat with the dry ingredients and filled the little ramekin up with the sauces I thought would go well and tried rice. It came out bland and kinda tasted like the first bowl. It was just a horrible experience. I will not go back.
4	Coming from the Mid-west I was very used to BD's Mongolian BBQ, which is a very similar format to Genghis Grill.I am very set on what I create (Steak, carrots, pasta, bbq sauce in a tortilla) and this place always satisfies my craving.  Becoming a member of the rewards club gets you very nifty discounts.  One time I paid $24 for an app, two soft drinks, two bowls and dessert!The only downside on my past few visits has been the service.  Anytime this place gets busy it seems like the service goes down hill.  I seem to never get my tortillas with my bowl and the wait staff has inconsistent.I did notice they added a Coca-Cola refresh machine which gives you the option to get your own drink so you are never thirsty.  4-stars manly because of the food!
5	You decide on the ingredients, they cook it. It's as simple as that. But even better, the service by an excellent staff is top notch. Our kids especially LOVED Genghis Grill.
1	So you go through the usual buffet kind of line to fill your bowl and then give it to the cook at the end.   The problem: There is no one tending the "buffet" and almost every thing was empty.  The chicken and beef bins were empty.  There was plenty of ham and pepperoni (what?).  The broccoli, bean sprouts, baby corn, onion and tofu bins were also empty.  We complained about it, and the staff said sorry, but did not do anything about it.  Boooo.
2	I've been coming here since the first week they opened. We would dine there about once a week. After my last 3 visits (all on weeknights) I'm not sure I will come back. The food is pretty good, the assistant manager is very sweet, and my kids love it there but I just don't have this kind of time! The first time I had a problem was because they had a large fundraiser night going on. The kitchen and staff seemed to be working full force, and they did their best, but it was just too long to wait for this kind of food.  The next time you ask? A pretty crowded restaurant, only one side of the food bar was open, and all our food came out at different times. We were in there for 1 1/2 hours and still took my husband's food to go because it got "lost" for a while. That's a ridiculous amount of time for this kind of restaurant. A table next to us finished before us and came in at least an hour after we did. Ok GG...I'll give you one more chance...we've had a long good run...maybe you had an off night. We return the next week to find more of the same. It really wasn't super busy so everything went smoothly until we waited for our food. Once again in came out in pieces despite the fact that we all turned our bowls in at the same time. My 7 year old had to wait for 20 minutes while watching everyone else at the table eat. Ever met a 7 year old girl? I'm sure you can imagine the drama stemming from that one! Just for the record, I did offer her mine but she wanted the one SHE made...thank God because I'm not sure if I could have powered down her pepperoni, krab, and ham bowl :x. I'm sorry GG...it was great while it lasted but...it's you...not me...I just don't have time for this relationship anymore.
1	We were shopping across the street when we got a big whiff. A strong smell of onions and meat came wafting down to entice us in to have some mongolian bbq for the first time. We followed our noses and went and got seated in this busy place. That is surely a good sign. WRONG! The server asked us if we had been there before to which we both answered "no". She handed us our menus and really tried her hardest to explain how the operation went down, but she was a little tongue tied. Can't fault her for it. Who knows how many times a day she has to repeat the process to newbies like us. So she tells us how it works as we peruse the menu. Most of the menu is quite unnecessary as we went and got everything for ourselves anyway. Why was there a section that displayed drinks when we had to go and get drinks for ourselves in one of those newer Coca Cola machines where there seems to be a millon different selections? That is the only good thing about that place unfortunately. The only thing the menu really should be is an appetizers menu. There were about 3 extra pages that could have been eliminated. After ordering some chicken potstickers we were on our way. We went up with our bowls and got in line to pick our ingredients. Some of it looked suspicious. I thought it would be rude to put my head in and sniff for myself if the seafood or chicken went bad. I tried to play it safe and went with beef. I added a multitude of spices, garlic, salt, pepper, etc. to my mix. I was anticipating good things because the smells that were all around were promising. We got up to the place where they take our raw bowl and cook it for us. I decided on the spiral pasta. We got some drinks and sat down. I understand there were others ahead of us in line. I understand it was busy. I understand that Sunday nights are not the best time to get speedy service. This was taking forever! My boyfriend got his food first. It smelled good, but it seemed to be "barely" cooked all the way. He is not one to complain so he ate it anyway. My food came about 15 minutes AFTER his. Even though I was right behind him in line. My food was also barely cooked. The pasta was very bland. Even though I filled my little 'cup' of stir fry sauce up to the top it was not enough. Most of my food tasted like plain noodles with hits of flavor every now and again. Immediately after eating I felt sick. I know it was the meat. We were never checked on. I had to track down our server to find out about our potstickers that never came. She acted surprised. She asked us if we still wanted them. I said yes. I wouldn't have ordered something I don't want. It was a mistake. I should have said no. They came out rushed. She must have forgot to put the order in and was rushing the cooks. The skin was not fully cooked and was like uncooked pasta. Crunchy. Blech!!! Never again. No apology about the late appetizers. Just dumped it on the table and left. Not happening. We learned our lesson. We should have read the Yelp reviews before wasting our time and money (and my squeamishness) .
1	Genghis Grill has figured out a way for their servers to do absolutely nothing. Already there was no real "kitchen" for them to maneuver, and now they don't even serve water...you get it yourself. They were also out of straws on the day I recently went. Really? You're completely out of STRAWS? Not even for the fishbowl drinks you have? That's a mark of poor management not keeping simple necessities like straws in order. I was sort of in a love affair with Genghis Grill when I first moved here, but really, it is not that good. They have cut so many corners since then that it's not even fun to eat here. I want full baby corns, dammit, not cut up that I can barely taste it or get it on my fork. I would rather have Panda Express or Pei Wei than this crapola. Pass.
3	My wife loves this joint , but every time we go (3x's total) the service is pretty sub-par...I dig the whole concept of "building your own bowl" but when that place gets a little busy they get less productive (behind the grill and in the floor)...the only plus about the joint I can say is that they have that bad-ass beverage machine that lets you go wild and release you're inner mixologist !!...food's decent tho service could be better tho.
5	Awesome! Amazing protein choices! Flavor was fantastic and service was great. Can't wait to go back!
4	I'm so glad businesses are going up near where I live, instead of places a bit far out. I like Genghis Grill especially because I can choose exactly what I want in my bowl and I don't have to say I want this, but hold that.  I decide!  When you're seated, empty bowls are brought to you and you fill it up with whatever you want- meats vegetables, spices and you pour sauce into the little cup, take it to the counter, tell them what kind of starch you want, then wait for your concoction.  I must say, my creation was good the first time around.  Our server was very helpful in telling my family how the whole process works, and he took them to the line to show them.  He also checked back with us several times, to see how we liked the food.  One night we went for my mom's birthday and he gathered other fellow employees and they sang to her.  They have mini machines at the table where you can order from. They can be helpful as they eliminate the wait time of the server standing there while you decide what drink to order, or whatever the case may be.  When you're ready, enter it on the tablet.  When I came with a friend, drinks were ordered and our guy still came out to see who ordered what and to check ID's.  I only have one objection.  While going through the line, food droppings sit on the counter and on the floor.  And not like there's a bit here a bit there, it's all the way down the line.  I guess that's to be expected, but if the employees did a clean sweep every now and then, the counter would look so much better.All in all, I love eating here, and I've only been here twice.  The price isn't bad at all, considering that you can pile high for cheap.  My meal was less than $11 and I went home satisfied.  You can get endless for a few bucks more.  Lunch price isn't a break in the bank either.  If you get a Genghis card and rack up points, you get a free bowl on the 10th point (bowl).  Also, on your birthday you get a free bowl!  I'll be back!
1	The food here is great but the service sucks. You have to wait a long time for everything. We waited 35 minutes to be seated on a Wednesday night. Then we waited another 10 minutes for our server to appear. Then stood in line another 12 minutes to get the stuff for the grill. Our food was served after 15 minutes. We were gonna do bottomless but our server was nowhere to be found. When she finally showed up we were so annoyed with all the waiting that we just asked for the check instead. We wanted to be fair so we gave this place another chance. Went back on a Monday night, same story. Never coming back again. I can get the same quality of food with more efficient service somewhere else.
4	Omg.. Great food..Definitely definitely definitely try genghis!4 stars is for service..Wait staff is awesome..My last trip there I had an employee ignoring my girlfriend who clearly needed help reaching an ingredient that was difficult to get to..And the guy who asks which starch you would like kind of yells like the soup nazi if you're not ready with an answer when you step to the counter..If I have a different experience next time, I'll update this review..Do not read this and decide not to go.. I absolutely recommend them.. My constructive criticism is to help them better the business..Definitely go try it though.. Best meal you'll have all week!
4	I had never done mongolian bbq before and I really enjoyed it !You fill up bowls of frozen/uncooked meat and veggies and sauces and then they cook it for you on a giant wok or steam table thing and add rice or noodles .The shredded beef  & the signature 3G sauce was the bomb! I made mine way too spicy (my own fault for going crazy with the cayenne) but it was still so delicious! & They had 16 oz shock top for like $4 which were tasty too & our waiter Brett was so nice we loved him
1	Short answer: No. Just no...Long answer:My husband and I have a sort of love affair with Mongolian BBQ. There's a place in Sacramento that we go to every time we're there while visiting family and it is awesome. Nothing like this place. The service is lacking. I'm not entirely sure what the servers are even there for, really. You get your own drinks, you make your own meals, and you can wait for your own food to be finished cooking (like any other normal Mongolian BBQ place). We were given the run down by the server and set on our way. The buffet area where you make your selections was filthy. Completely filthy. The veggies were either empty, close to it, or totally mixed in with one another. The floor next to the sauces was so sticky, the sole of my sandals stuck to the floor when I tried to pick up my foot to walk. The sauces are more like marinades. They are THICK. And they ask you to not put them on your meat/veggies, but in a little cup on the side, because they can caramelize on the grill because of the sugar content. We've been to a few different Mongolian BBQ places (the aforementioned one in Sacramento and another in North Carolina to name a couple), and we've never been asked to do this. Mostly because the sauces are more liquid and apparently have much less sugar than the Genghis Grill stuff. And they don't appear to cook the sauces with your food, which is totally annoying! I want lots of sauce and I want it cooked into my noodles. When you get up to the counter, the cooks will ask you what kind of starch you want.  You can pick from the Udon noodles, fried rice, spiral macaroni, and tortillas... What? Spiral macaroni and tortillas...? Okay. Whatever. We hand our food off and they give us our numbers so our server can bring us our food when it's ready. It took TWENTY MINUTES to get our first bowl. I've never had this happen anywhere before. Mongolian BBQ takes like 5 minutes to cook up. We still don't know what happened. It was okay. We had opted for the bottomless before the first bowl, because we love our food and figured why not?, so we went back for a second try. There's always a learning curve at a new place anyway. Everyone has different sauces and ways to mix things. I wish we wouldn't have. We didn't even get a quarter of the way through our second bowls. They were so bad. There was no right way to do this. The meat was poor quality, the sauces were not good, and the veggies were lacking.
3	Stopped in for dinner tonight.  I'm never sure how to rate a place where you make most of your dinner yourself.  I give myself and the chef who heated up my food high scores, but the restaurant could have made it a little easier for a short person like me to get to the ingredients.  I found myself nearly laying on the ingredients to reach in the back.  Overall a nice enough dinner.
1	This place was a disappointment. Overpriced, especially considering you basically make your own meal. Service isn't fantastic, and it's a boring atmosphere. I won't be returning.
1	Worst 15 dollars that I have ever spent and that was just for lunch. Let me explain.I come in on a Wednesday around 11:30 am. I am greeted by the host and shown to a table. Since I have never been here before, I am briefed on the process of getting my food. They give you two of what appears to be small dog food bowls and a small dipping sauce type of cup. One bowl you put in veggies and the other meat. For the dipping sauce type of cup, yup you guessed it, different sauces to mix in to your choices when it is being cooked.Once you are done selecting your choices, you go up to the counter and hand it off to whoever is there that will cook it on the big circular flat top grill. You have to specify what kind of carb you want cooked with your ingredients like brown rice, noodles, etc. Then when its done cooking, your server will  bring it out to your table.Now what I just described doesn't sound bad now does it? What im about to break down for you should convince you not to come here or at least if you try it, you will be uttering, "Oh, that's what Roger T was talking about in his review."First off, you have two options to decide before you start eating. Single trip or all you can eat. Prices are as follows: Lunch 8.99. Dinner 10.99. Add 4 dollars more to do the all you can eat option. By the way, it used to be 3 dollars.Since I was really hungry and planned on making multiple trips to get my money's worth, I chose the 13 dollar all you can eat. That is just for the food yall. Drinks are not included. I decided just to have water.So I do my thing and try to cram as much meat and veggies into my bowls. Their meat and veggie choices all seem to be housed in tiny containers which makes you feel like a pig if you are trying to get a lot of a certain meat or veggie. By the way, the only difference between lunch and dinner is for dinner you get calamari and scallops. That's great news you say? Well, based on what I have seen, I wouldn't be surprised if these were tiny little cut up pieces.I sit down and wait for my food. After about 5 minutes later, I received it in a weird odd sized bowl/plate? When I see my food, I swear I thought I put a lot of veggies and especially meat since I am a carnivore. What you gotta understand is when all these items you select are grilled together, they shrink a lot. After I finished my bowl, I was ready to go and grab some more food. This is where the deception is because in order for you to go up and get more food, you have to tell your server exactly that and they will go get you new bowls. This is where you will notice the difference between these guys and other traditional Mongolian Grills. The ones im familiar with, you grab your own bowls and do your thing. The only waiting you do is for the cooking. Not these guys. Sometimes it takes a while for the server to come around just so you can ask for more bowls. Then you have to wait for them to come back with your bowls. Then you have to wait for it to be cooked. When it gets done cooking, it sits on the counter until your server picks it up and puts it on your table.So you see this is where my gripe is. By the time I came around to my third serving, I was starting to feel that full feeling which doesn't make sense because at other places, I can easily go through 3 servings and not feeling full at all. The process that you have to go through to get your food, whatever you ate prior is starting to settle which gives you the im not hungry feeling any more. My total bill came up to about 14 and some change. I put 15 bucks on the table and walked away. My server was slow in everything. Don't get me wrong. Its not like I was in a rush but at the same time I don't have all day. I think this place is a scam. Their process purposely slows everything down so you don't get to eat as much as you really want. The day I went, it didn't get really busy until about 12. When it gets really busy, you will have to wait even longer in between each serving. So you see, it really isn't worth it to eat here whether you choose all you can eat or not. I recommend going to the Fiesta Buffet just up the street off of Lake Mead for their Mongolian Grill. Lunch is 7 bucks and dinner is 10 bucks with a player card. You not only get two big bowls to put ingredients in, but the only time you wait is when it is being cooked. Plus they have other choices there and not just the Mongolian. Its not the best but it sure as hell beats out these guys. This also will prompt me to check out Stir Krazy Mongolian Grill on Paradise Rd since I heard good things about them.
4	I liked this place the 3 times I went... I made my meal: flavor profiles, mixed textures, and overall combination of ingredients.  I found the grill cooking to be good and my choices made the meal taste wonderful.  It was Bennihanna with a kick, all fresh foods, and my choices
1	There's only one thing I can say about this place... It sucks.The food was okay, but it took forever for them to cook it... Not a pleasant experience.
4	Lettuce wraps are killer
1	this place is hit & miss every time we go there, don't go there and expect good service you will most likely get ok service at best...The food selection is great as long as they don't burn it, we are a family of three and sure enough EVERY TIME we have gone there one of us has gotten our food burned by the cooks, then it's a real pain in the arse to get your food re-done and by then the rest of the family is done and waiting..Bottom line, usually bad service along with 1 out of 3 meals being burt..=1 star..I will say this if you ignore the waitress and they don't burn your food it's a pretty good meal..
3	I give it three stars, because I believe the beef can be "truly marinated," to give it more flavor. The taste is added with all the sauces and spices, but my palate can still taste the blandness of the meat. I will still go back again and again because my kids love the experience of fixing their own bowls with each individual ingredient. The atmosphere and experience is what people keep returning here, again and again. For the price and selection of food bowls, I believe its a good place to stop by when you are hungry.
3	It was what i expected make your own food, how can that be bad?
4	Genghis Grill is one of my boyfriend's and my favorite restaurants. We have been to GG in MANY states (because there isn't one in California), and they are all usually pretty great. This one is a little slower than others we have been to, but they are really good on customer service. The first time we went there, the guy was so shocked that we came all the way from Los Angeles JUST to have GG he gave us 2 free deserts. Yes, we came from California. Don't judge us! :) Anyway, it's a standard GG here. It's not the best one we have been to, but it's sufficient. I would say the slow service is the reason for minus 1 star, and since we have been to so many GGs, we know what a good one is, and what a bad one is :)
4	I see all these bad reviews and I am wondering if I went to the same place!?! I mean, its create your own bowl, if you don't like it, it's kinda YOUR OWN FAULT! Ok so this is a Mangolian style bbq place where you load up your raw ingredients and then give it to a chef to cook. The options are endless. Chicken, steak, pork, ham, sausage, turkey, fish, shrimp, calamari, crab (imitation), and I am sure I missed something. Then you hit veggies. Stir fry, classic, pretty much everything you could think of. Then sauce. Kung Pao, Teryiaki, Curry, sweet, spicy, you name it! I think there are 8 different ones. You also have numerous spices, and herbs to add. If you can't decide, there are recipe card suggestions like Firecracker shrimp, Teriyaki Bowl, and Kung Pao chicken. For $11.99 you can fill your bowl once, if you are still hungry, add $4 for AYCE. Pile your bowl high because the veggies do decrease when they cook. Also, there are 3 appetizers. Lettuce wraps, edamame, and pot stickers. I prefer the potsticker, cooked well. They have a full bar that I have yet to take advantage of. The servers don't do much, but they are always treating us like gold. Until this place shows a bad health grade, I will continue to be a regular here.
4	Went here again (7/5) to get my birthday bowl. GG corporate is pretty awesome and they extended my bday bowl a ways to let me get my bday bowl when we were in the area. Props to them for that. There seems to be a wait almost everytime we go there, but this time my veggies were cooked perfectly and my sauce was almost perfect (I put too much salt..dang) but overall it was a great $16 for 2! Love you GG!!
1	I've been to many mongolian bbq places all over the country but this was not mongolian bbq. It tasted like a poor excuse for a fajita. None of the "sauces" had the right flavor and even the suggested combinations were terrible. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Especially if you have ever had real mongolian bbq. It was a real disappointment.
1	My husband and I walked in here at 6:15. Not very busy and plenty of servers working. The hostess sat us right away and told us the waitress would be right with us. We sat for almost 10 minutes without being acknowledged and had multiple employees walk past us the whole time. We walked out and are now going to Pei Wei. -1 star for us now smelling like the place for no reason.
5	A very good place if you like to pick what goes in to your meal....i love it
4	I actually really like this place. I love the fact that you can choose your own ingredients which are really good quality and they have soda machines that are really fun because you can make different combinations. We even got the tuxedo bomb dessert and it was really good!
4	They have 3 appetizers and we tried all three:  chicken lettuce wraps, chicken potstickers, and garlic citrus edamame. I really liked the lettuce wraps and edamame.For $10, you get to build your ow Mongolian BBQ bowl.  They give you a silver bowl oand a side cup for your sauce. You first pick your meats: natural chicken breast, pork loin, marinated white fish, pepperoni, ham, turkey breast, sausage,marinated steak, sliced beef, shrimp, scallops, calamari. Then you season your protein with salt, pepper, garlic, ginger, cayenne, etc. Then you top it with your choice of vegetables. I wish there was more room for vegetables, because they shrink when you stir fry them. Then, you select a sauce (all MSG-free.)  The Honey Soy sauce was good.  Then, you bring your bowl to the grill and let them know your choice of: steamed rice, fried rice, brown rice, udon noodles, pasta, flour tortillas.Drinks are separate. You go to the drink machine and there's a huge selection of flavored soda, etc.Some of the meat was a little hard, but overall, the flavors were pretty good. And the service was excellent!
5	Many different choices!! All of what you want... Plenty of different meats, spices, veggies & sauces. Make your own creations. Get a Genghis card & earn free bowls the more you go!! Great food & great staff!!!
3	The servers were inattentive. I didn't like not knowing what flavors the sauces really had. I did think their options for the grill were decent. The prices were a little higher than I thought they should be. Overall it was just okay.
4	Soybeans and lettuce wraps are pretty yummy. It's a like scary the first time you go because you have no one to blame but yourself if you don't like your food considering your the one who adds all your contents from meat, veggies, spices, and sauces. You then let the chefs know what starch you want and they give you a number to put at your table. It's cooked pretty quickly and brought to you. It's a different experience that I think was enjoyable for the whole family.
1	The food here is okay. However if you are on any sort of time frame don't come here. It took us approximately 40 minutes for us to get our food. Also if you expect to be waited on don't come here. You get your own drinks, build your own food and pay at the table. The only interaction I had with any employee was to be seated, when we asked where our food was, and when our food arrived. Nothing beyond that. This visit was a disappointment.
5	I ate here last year & forgot just how much I love this place! You create your own dish however you like. Select your type of meat from chicken to crab to beef to turkey or more. Select whatever veggie you like including some fruits. Choose your seasoning/s & sauce/s then your choice of carbs (noodles, rice, etc). Pile it up as high as you like! Pass it on to the chef & they make it for you & have it served to you at your table. You can def end up making 2 meals out of your one meal you've made. The food is so delicious! You can actually order your food from your table as well via their mini IPads. This is def a place you have to check out as it is alot of bang for your buck, healthy as much as you like it, & VERY tasty & if it's not well guess you should remove some items for next time since you're the creator. Too bad there isn't one closer to where I live
5	Always have a great experience at Genghis Grill! Was greated by four people when I came in, continuously checked on, and even checked on by four different people!  Everyone is always so nice, helpful and polite! 5 stars for customer service! Oh, and my bowl was perfect too!
4	This is my Husband's favorite spot. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Genghis is a Mongolian grill. They give you a bowl to stack all your items in. You start with your protein: they have chicken, turkey, pork, beef, sausage, ham, shrimp, fish, crab, scallops, and pepperoni. Then you spice your protein. They have all kinds of spices. Everything from salt to ginger. Next you pick your veggies and wow do they have veggies!! All the things sprouts, peppers, potatoes, tofu, onions, eggs, mushrooms..ect. Now it's time to pick your sauce. They again have several to pick from: they have a honey soy, their signature sauce called 3G sauce, a spice sauce called Dragon sauce. It also tells you the heat level on them. Now you go over to the grill where the chef will ask you to pick your starch. They have brown rice, white rice, fried rice, udon noodles (my favorite) , spiral noodles and tortillas. Now they take ALL your things and cook it on a huge flat top grill! You can stand and watch or sit at your table. If one bowl just isn't enough for you they also have a bottomless option for a few bucks more.They have a full bar or you can get your own drinks at their super cool coke freestyle machines. You can mix any flavor and soda you want. Plus unlimited refills. Genghis also has appetizers and desserts, but I've never tried them. I always see people order the pot stickers. A cool thing about Genghis is they have table side ordering system. Each table has a little computer where you can place your order and pay! It's very convenient. Their staff is nice and friendly, but if your in a hurry this is not the place to go. It can take some time to get your bowl if there are a lot of people there. Overall no real complaints. The food is yummy and it's fun to pick all the things that go in your meal. Also, very healthy and a great place for kids. On Tuesday's kids eat free with an adult. Plus, on your birthday you get a birthday bowl for free if you join their email club.
5	Absolutely love this place! When you have that hunger that nothing seems to satisfy come here. At Genghis Grill you create your own bowl and are the architect of your entire meal. You can decide between 10 or so different types of meat, then go on to season them accordingly. After you move on to the vegetables and believe me you want to stack them as high as you can. Finally they offer you about 15 different choices of sauces as well as a few different starches such as rice, noodles etc. The bowls come out steaming hot and delicious. For those who are more bold they offer an endless bowl in which you can go up and refill as many times as you want. Overall this place is awesome, both food and service are excellent.
4	Seriously?!?! I don't know if I should attribute the deliciousness to my seasoning  or to them for being so brilliant with the concept and execution?!I wish we had one closer to home. For now I only come here for lunch. It's a casual setting but also good as a dinner spot!I haven't even begun to tap into the many possibilities of the bowls I can create. I'll be coming back!Build it yourself and pack as much into that little bowl as humanely possible!!!!
2	So, I must admit...I've never been to any other Mongolian grill. I know, shame on me. What kind of Yelper am I?! Even so, from what I've heard and read...this isn't the place to go for a Mongolian grill experience. I've been here a handful of times and it just seems to get worse every single time.For the most part everyone who's been here or somewhere similar, you know how it works. But I was here this past weekend and watched 4 different tables get seated without anyone asking if they'd been there before or know what to do. Customers just stand there confused until someone comes back and for the restaurant, that's ridiculous. Sure, it's not hard to figure out but if you've never been anywhere like it, I imagine that's a frustrating experience. I hate their customer service for many other reasons so maybe my opinion is a little biased, but they definitely need to train the employees better. They don't explain anything to anyone, including the fact they you need to go get your own drink. When it comes to the food, it's fun being able to pick your own stuff and make your own creations but like others have mentioned, they are always out of stuff. Then when it's busy and only one line is open, the whole entire experience just goes out the window because it feels so rushed. Also, I'm not sure if it's a health reason or what...but why is all the stuff so far away from the counter? I have to bend down and reach under that tiny area to get to items in the back. It's all just very annoying to me. The food is okay but I think they overcook everything, again, maybe for health reasons? The meats themselves always seem to be dry and chewy. If you get egg, it's almost like a fried egg that someone forgot to pull off the stove. There's just nothing spectacular.I think it'll be a while before I go back. The service is crap, the food is mediocre at best and it's expensive. For 3 adults and kid to eat, it cost about $50 without the "all you can eat". When it comes down to it, I just don't see this experience or food being worth that much!
1	A place you want to be good but it just isn't.  The nightmare begins when you sit down and receive the twenty minute introductory lesson on how to put meat into a bowl.  Then follows the tour of the 8 foot buffet line.  After making your first bowl and waiting another 20 minutes to have it cooked, expect to wait some more for your waitress to bring you your next bowl.  It's not a hard concept, yet they've mastered the art of FAILURE.
4	Stir fry selection is great.  They have everything from steak to fish to scallops.  The only downfall is during dinner rush it can take a long time to have your food prepared.
5	I'm not sure why a couple people have been giving bad reviews, maybe they came in on an off day. Or jus not that into mongolian stir fry. Not sure but my experince was awesome i loved it here and definitely coming here again. Getting your own drinks i don't mind that i mean how many of us have been to a restaurant and waited several minutes for a refill? Thats why i prefer getting my own drink not to mention making up for own bowl. Yes this is a bit of wait time but you have to keep in mind that if ther are other people infront of you,your going to have to wait your turn. Other then that your getting it fresh off the grill. You have a vast varieties of meats veggies sauces spices so you can mix it up every one in awhile i see nothing wrong with that. This place is great i do recommend this place. Great food and at an awesome price too!
3	Used to like coming here. Every time i'm on this side of town i'd make plans to stop for lunch. Never had an issue. This current visit was sad. My husband and I each ordered rice for our starch and there was only HALF of what we were used to getting. The portion was so small that we left hungry. When we asked a server what was up with portion sizes she said people had been complaining that there was too much starch. Huh? Too much? Well now theres not enough to even fill up a normal person! I doubt we'll be back At this point i'd rather frequent green valleys buffet for Mongolian bbq.
5	Not your typical Mongolian Grill, this place is great, why? Because you make the menu! They have a wide array of items to put in your bowl. Well that sounds quite typical of a Mongolian Grill! I heard someone say. Ok so here is the not typical part: They have things not normally found at a Mongolian Grill such as Pepperoni! I should also mention the incredible selection of sauces. They also have a great loyalty club! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Hands down the best service we have had in Vegas in a long time. Food was delicious and the manager and wait staff were fantastic!
3	Good amount of ingredients, long wait, and small amount of food. This place is o-k, for 9$ I could get full anywhere else. But the tablet ordering device was really cool, and so was my server. Try it out !
3	Always solid.. However they didn't have all the sauces and didn't seem to want to replace them. Seems service is slacking as well since they got those touch screens.
2	I've tried this place twice and each time the anticipation was greater than the end result.  The idea is so exciting because the possibilities seem endless.  You can pay for unlimited meals or just one, but either way it seems a little expensive for what you get.  They give you 2 bowls - one for your food and a smaller one for your sauce.  You build your meal by going through a buffet line and choosing your meat(s), veggies, seasoning, and sauce.  You can pile it high to the point of overflowing or you can keep it small.  Tip: the veggies really shrink when cooked so your bowl will look a lot emptier when it comes back to you.  Fill accordingly.  Then you choose your starch (rice, pasta, noodles, etc.) when you get up to the grill.  The line is the real issue at this place.  If there's more than one person ahead of you, prepare to move through at a glacial pace.  As people mull over the options, or if they are out of something that someone wants and you need to wait for the employees to refill it, you WILL. NOT. MOVE.  It's horrible!  I've tried a few of the sauces and the only one worth a damn to me is their 3G sauce - their basic one that they say goes with everything.  I do like their soda machines (the type that you can choose any drink and add flavors).  They also have a full bar so you can grab cocktails with your meal.  I guess it could be a good place if no one is there when you are and you find your favorite sauces/combos.  But to me, it's not cheap enough/good enough to deal with the line.  If I want mongolian grill and feel like waiting on a line, I'll pay less money and go to Green Valley's Feast Buffet.
5	I don't know why everyone is complaining.   The food is good for the price.  Especially when you do the unlimited for $4 more.  We had excellent service.   The wait staff was more than attentive then some other places we've been.  It's not fancy but food and service were above par.
5	I love Genghis Grill. I first tried it when I was in Texas. Unfortunately, there aren't any close to me, so we try to go to the one in Henderson when we're in Vegas. We went Sunday and once again, we weren't disappointed. Everything was delicious and the staff was friendly. I believe out server's name was Brett ( I apologize if that's wrong) he was very friendly and attentive. I love the fact that you can fill up your bowl with whatever YOU want. So for all the reviewers that complained about how the food tasted, you are the only one to blame. You get to pick everything in your meal all the way down to the sauce. And don't complain about not liking any of the sauces, they provide tasting spoons so u can try them before committing. Genghis Grill is great! Everyone should try it at least once!
3	I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times the food was just fine and service was good, albeit a little slow during dinner. My only complaint is the last time we went (and perhaps it was just that time) there was no music, no volume on the TVs, nothing to help drown out your neighbors' annoying conversations. If it's crowded enough, I suppose this could slide since everybody would just drown out everyone else. However, when it's quiet it's  hard to ignore that really loud person three tables away who feels his/her life is so fascinating that the whole world must hear about it! Or, maybe they're deaf in one ear. In any case, if Ghenghis Grill turned on some music, talk show radio, ANYTHING I think it would help with the ambience, and the unintentional eavesdropping.  Otherwise, food is great, service is good, restaurant is clean, and I'd definitely return (with headphones, just in case).
4	So after years of memorizing the menu at Yummm........ my niece's favorite spot to catch up with her aunt, she suggested Genghis Grill.  *Blink, blink* really? the loyal to a T clucks & fries with speckled lemonade, grown up into specialty burgers or salad with a bar item girl cheating on 'our' favorite place?  Hmm.... interesting.When I looked at the outside, I thought 'Oh, upscale Panda' chain and got ready to be disappointed but,  once inside and versed in the 'how to's'  I love the concept.  Their 'table gadget' was interesting.  My niece worked it like a pro. Each person gets to pick their bowl items, sauces, and spices and the waitress said if I didn't like the bowl created they'd let me restart (but I did say it was my first visit).  My bowl was great and I'm not known for my cooking.I'm glad I was brought in to Genghis Grill before reading the Yelp reviews.  Dee S.'s review would have been enough to keep me away as cross contamination possibilities is a huge No for me.  I don't know if the manager/owner saw the review but when I went last night Genghis Grill was spotless, the service was great, the food was fresh.  I also don't think it's expensive for what I picked out but then I've been switching to organic and high end products for the 'home kitchen' so maybe I'm just past sticker shock for good quality products.  The complaint about the waiting time, ok I did have to wait behind quite a few people who took their time and I'm sorry for the patient person who waited behind me as I tried to decide but was it overly long?  I didn't think so.  It's Vegas.  I've waited in traffic.  I've waited at the grocery store. I've waited in the DMV line.  I've waited at (insert name of an average sit down with waitress restaurant here).  It's not Mcbox fast food and so I didn't feel the wait time was an issue.I will definitely be going back with my niece, sorry Yumm.....
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The fact that you get to choose all your toppings, seasoning, sauce and starch, as someone else mentioned, if it's not good you can really only blame yourself. They even have little cards that show u what things to add to make a certain type of bowl. So if you wanted a teriyaki chicken bowl you would include chicken, broccoli, pineapple, teriyaki sauce and your choice of rice. The card has the calories on there as well so If you follow the recipe you can estimate about how many cals your taking in. I made a really tasty Thai chicken Bowl with their spicy peanut sauce and udon noodles and it was really good. My only gripe was there was not enough sauce so it was a little dry which was my own fault. The server was friendly and attentive and we left full. The only thing i can say negative was right by the bathrooms there was this rank smell coming from I guess the kitchen area. Makes you wonder what's really going on.
3	I like the fact that you can make and build your own meal but the older lady that runs the front seriously scares me. I dig this place for what it is. I love getting the pulled pork with spinach, egg, sprouts and fried rice. But to call this place "Mongolian" is kind of a joke.
1	I work in the food industry so I completely understand how much a bad review can hurt a business. I hate to contribute to it, but what happened on my last visit was completely unacceptable. I came in on Tuesday and went thru the line, packed my bowl full of food that I knew were with in my dietary restrictions. I have a severe gluten intolerance, and I knew that genghis was good about listing ingredients and giving out special tickets based on dietary restrictions, which is what got me excited about going to eat there.when I got to the cooking station I told them about my intolerance and I got the special blue ticket making it know to the staff.as I was eating my food, (my base of which was white steamed rice) I kept pulling wheat noodle after  wheat noodle out of my mouth. I was very very upset. I told the waitress, without trying to be to rude but still trying to get my point across, she was really nice and went and told a manager, but I heard nothing after that. The manager never came over to me, and nothing was done about my food. I still had to pay 12 dollars for a meal that made me sick afterwards.Things like this can NOT happen if your goal is to make allergies a priority in the restaurant. I have no interest in coming back.
1	Went twice since opening. Both times ended up with bubble guts. The last trip (today) I couldn't even make it home. Will not be back. And I grew up loving and craving Mongolian BBQ, but I can't stomach this place. *pun intended*
5	Totally love their fun mongolian establishment! It is self serve, but they've got all the cool stuff, and an extensive selection of ingredients to choose from! So much you'd be so undecided on what to choose. So...after coming here a few times already, here's my advice:1.) THE DREADED SILVER PLATE: They give you a silver plate which looks really small and depressing because halfway through filling your silver plate with stuff, you realize that the silver bowl is wwwaaaaayyyy too small, and you'll learn that really quick once you get your cooked food since they all shrink down to size after being cooked.MY SUGGESTION: pile high. no joke. PILE HIGH. don't be shameful. don't second guess. Yess....this is your game of jenga or tetris with food. Pile as high as you can. If you have to smush with your hands do it (it's not a crime to pile high nor is it a crime to take your time, people can go around you...). 2.) TASTE TEST YOUR FLAVORS! You can taste as much sauces as you'd like, and you can mix them. If you're not sure try them, and! The fun labels tell you EXACTLY what it pairs well with. 3.) INDECISIVE? DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START? No worries, in the beginning of the line they have fun recipe cards you can use and to help you start so then if you're looking to put in your flavor...you can play around with it. Think of it as an inspiration card.4.) CHOOSE YOUR STARCH: I usually go with the brown rice. I love that that they have brown rice and I'm sure you healthy eaters will too. Think it's not enough? You can request for double!5.) SELF SERVE COKE MACHINE: High five selling coke products, but even more of a high five for having that cool new digital coke machine! Mix and match every flavor known to man! You'll be sure to be indecisive in a drink here too.6.) SUPER COOL TOUCH PAD: Here, you can split your tap with your lunch date and fun touch pad games while waiting.**I love that this brings an opportunity to just get creative. You can be really interactive with it. It does get busy during lunch, and the wait does take some time, so if you're in during your lunch break, expect that your meal won't come out in time for you to get back to the office.
3	I liked the idea of how you create your own bowl. Our waitress was very nice, it was our first time and she explained how it all works. Plenty of options... Little expensive for my taste. All in all, the food was great, and I will be back!
2	This used to be my favorite restaurant, we have gone there for years, starting in early 2000 in the Plano TX location, and through all the different changes they've tried it's still been my favorite. Today we went and it's the first time that I sincerely think we will never go back.  They changed their food service, they have 3 different sizes to choose from. Small, medium, large. The medium is the old style dish. We decided to try the large, it's barely larger then the medium bowl and it's $2 more. They no longer have all you can eat, we were told you can pay $5 to go back up. So now you pay more to eat less. I overheard the manager tell people these changes were for better customer service, to give ppl more options. No one but kids will eat the small, so who were the options for if you used to just be able to pay $2 extra for all you can eat? It's not for the customer experience, it's corporate greed at its finest.  Then they now give you paper cards to carry with you as you feel your bowl, to hand to the griller's. What am I supposed to do with the paper card while I'm trying to use both hands to hold my bowl and reach under sneeze guard for food to put in my bowl? Bad ideas, did anyone ever try these ideas out before implementation? Extremely disappointed that corporate greed to increase profits year over year is ruining this restaurant the same way it's ruined so many over the years.
4	I really enjoyed this my family and I had been looking for a Mongolian BBQ place here in Vegas. I love the service straight from the door they greeted us well. The different choices of meat was great even pepperoni! Only one missing was shrimp. I like the full bar as well. They have different sauces to choose from be it teriyaki or spicy chili garlic. I really enjoyed the special three G's sauce and when you get to the cooks you goose if you want steamed,brown,fried rice pasta noodles or cabbage. They even asked if we had food allergies I respected that. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good meal that you can say you picked every ingredient including your seasoning! I'm definitely a regular now!!
1	I have given this place 3 or 4 chances and each time it has gotten worse.My last visit the server was not very attentive. When we went to go get the ingredients, the area where they had the meats and veggies. Was so disgustingly dirty like food everywhere and all messy. Some things not fully refilled. So gross. But we still gave it another chance. The food was just ok pretty sure it made us kind of sick afterwards. Do not come here it's disgusting
1	I've read the bad reviews from people who have actually eaten there, but I was another "walk-out" before trying. I knew there would be a problem when the server tried to tell me how simple it was. "Just pick your protein" she said several times.  Next she admonished to pile on the vegetables because they "shrunk down to nothing!"  So, I was handed this tiny bowl that had to accommodate both!  What should I do? The last time I had so much pressure was a Vegas timeshare presentation!  I had an idea, go with one of the bowl suggestions on the board behind me.  So I said to the kitchen helper, "make me a Korean Bowl, please."   Her reply was "you do that, the description of ingredients is only a guide."  My wife said, "ok, where's the scallops?"  That was when she was told they only had them at night.  Genghis Khan was a barbarian and true to its name, this place was pretty barbaric. Fortunately, we escaped with our lives!
4	Best Mongolian grill I've had. If you go make sure to try the saracha chicken. Sooooo good!
1	I have been to many Mongolian BBQs and have never been to one that I would not re-visit......until now!  When I was greeted at the door (not knowing anything about this particular place) I asked if they cooked on the typical Mongolian BBQ flat grill and I was told no. Then an annoying waitress sat us and explained how it works and then took us to the food section and pointed out the "protein", "veggies", "sauces" and "starches". We selected our food from the buffet-style area. The food containers were under a hood but were so low and far back that it was really difficult to get your food. AND, almost 1/2 of the serving utensils were lying down in the food where they could spread germs etc etc.  from people handling them and putting them back. The dish, that my food was served in, had a chip in it the size of a dime. (did not notice right away cause it had food over it)And last but not least.....I could not identify ANY taste that came with it. My mouth felt as though it was sticking together with glue. On each table was a mini-tablet that had video games and a few pages of ads for the food served within the restaurant. Not totally showing the whole spectrum of food but ....? The absolute best thing was that after your food is served, this little tablet called a "Presto" has your bill available to you and you can swipe your CC or Debit card at the table and get the hell out of there without any other dis-satisfactions. Pros: Had a GREAT bowel movement the next day!!
5	I love genghis grill!! My first time that I went I made a really small bowl but this time I piles it on!! They changed their system now. You pick a size bowl and then they give you a bowl to pile your stuff in according to your selection. PRICES went up people!! $9 for small $12 for medium and $16 for a large. Udon noodles are delicious and the honey teriyaki is the sauce to go with!! WARNING...if youchoose to put calamari in your bowl...once the food is cooked and all is said and done it is very chewy because it was over cooked on the grill. So make sure you don't use that as a main meat source.I love the coke machine. I can try various selections that I have never had much less never even heard of. Raspberry coke, interesting but delicious.They did ask if I wanted a to go  box and they gave my daughter a to go box. So maybe the price jack included the to go box because before you couldn't take anything home unless you purchased the bottomless bowl which was damn near $20.All in all a great place with great food....but bring a jacket because it is always and I mean always freezing!!
4	Love this place!!! Choose your own meats, veggies and sauces.  Then have it grilled with noodles, rice or other type of starch. If you don't like it....you can only blame yourself. 3 sizes of bowls with a bottomless option. You won't walk out hungry!
2	I love this place & got a belated bday bowl. The food is great. Sometimes the service is hit or miss. Like of your explaining the new concept to someone at the bar area let people who are hungry & waiting behind who know how to go in front.
1	This place has gone completely down the toilet. Went there with my wife for Mother's Day and they ruined the day. The server Thomas was dense, like he was on drugs. An appetizer was supposed to come with the meal - that never happened. Talked to the manager about it. He apologized and promised a free dessert. The bill came and I was indeed charged for the dessert.Beware, don't go there until they start drug testing! Your money will be better spent anywhere else. They were once good, no more. Crack is Whack Genghis Grill!
3	You build you're own bowl so if it tastes horrible you're to blame. The variety of ingredients is pretty decent but overall there really isn't anything special about this place. The quality is pretty average and their limited menu for appetizers is a little disappointing. Good if you really need a quick bite and don't want to give into the temptation of fast food.
2	They recently made some changes and it stinks. They have different and less options than last time. The sizes and prices of their bowls are kind of a joke. Not sure if I will return. The staff is overwhelming.
5	I really dont see where these one and 2 star reviews are coming from. I eat out a lot due to my lifestyle and having no time to cook. Due to working out and keeping in shape I eat at Teriyaki Madness, Greens and Proteins and my favorite Genghis Grill. I come here 4 days a week and have never had any problems. Great A+service, I'm always welcomed once I come in, staff is always helpful and the General Manager Reagan is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She goes above and beyond to make sure you have an enjoyable experience each time you visit. Its hard to find good healthy food on the go because this country has fast food places at every corner and the pricest are cheap. Normally trying to eat healthy cost you a lot of money. So instead of going to a fast food place and getting a fatting meal and a soda for $6-$7.00 why not come here a get a healthy meal and an unsweetned ice tea for a few dollars more. Where else in the valley can you go where you can put as much meat on your bowl as you can with no weight limit? I can get enough meat on one regular size bowl (there is a strategy to it) and I can get two feeling meals out of it.  There are plenty of meats to choose from, a lot of seasonings, vegetables are always fresh, plenty of sauces to choose from and at the end you can choose your starch.  It takes me about 4 minutes to complete my bowl and 15 minutes for them to cook it before I'm on my way to work. Teriyaki Madness is good but you can get burned out on it because its cooked the same way.  Teriyaki Madness used to be generous with their meet but as they expanded and are known there starting to get stingy. With Genghis Grill you control how your bowl is. If your on a low sodium diet you control the amount of seasoning you can put in it. If your tired of a sauce, there are plenty of others to try from so I never get burned out from eating there. I already have 10 free bowls. 80% of being fit is what your eating. You can work out all day but if your diet is wrong you wont see results. Life is fast paced nowadays and if you got kids at practice and your wife or husband works as well as you its hard to cook everyday. This is a great option if you live life on the go like me.
3	In all the food and the prices are really good the young lady who is the hostess is not very approachable and has a real smug attitude.   The grill coach is sloppy and did act like really cared about our food.  He wasn't careful and he drop items out our bowl before he put them on the grill.  Sloppy cook, needs to be retrained on how to handle people's food.    Our server at the table save the experience .   Boo to the hostess and the grill cook is a slob !   We will try again.
5	After seeing this place on the news last night  me and my wife decided to have lunch here today. When we arrived we were asked if this was our first time here and we informed the waitress it was she and the rest of the staff walked us thru on how to build our bowls and sauces. I don't really remember our waitress's name or the manager's name I was happy with our meals. We will definitely be back soon
1	If I could zero stars I would!!! Half cooked rice, out if shrimp and the scallops were questionable.
2	Man, talk about an express rental of food, if you know what I mean.  I think this place is a little gimmicky and the food is just so so.
1	Big disappointment & an even bigger ripoff -  $68 for limp, overlooked edamame, 4 medium sized bowls & 4 drinks is ridiculous. Especially when the food you end up with isn't even that good. I've been to many good Mongolian BBQ places & unfortunately, this wasn't one. My hubby & youngest son had been there before & liked it, my oldest son & I had not. 1st disappointment was that they were out of shrimp. I was trying to build a variation of their firecracker bowl which has shrimp, calamari & scallops in it so that was annoying. The guy just said they weren't carrying shrimp anymore. Really? Maybe they shouldn't have shrimp listed on their menu as an option then. Something else to note, not a disappointment, but def another annoyance.. It was extremely difficult to reach the food bins in the very back row bc the sneeze guards are so low. I'm not short nor do I have short arms.. 5'10" & I'm sure I looked ridiculous trying to reach the veggies that I wanted lolLast but not least, I had to completely remake my bowl bc the 1st one was inedible. Well, actually my hubby remade it bc at that point, I was over the whole "experience" & just wanted to leave. The calamari rings were closer to rubber bands & the whole thing just tasted "off" Bad seafood-not good!
3	The food is alright... It seems like the food stations were unkept... They needed to add more items to the bowls
4	Drove out here from Cali for the weekend and noticed I had a microwave in my hotel room. I looked up big eatery spots locally rather than the strip because Vegas is known internationally for their food. Genghis Grill came highly recommended by the locals. I went in around lunchtime and got the large bowl. I love this semi-buffet-ness of picking out your own portions of proteins and veggies and then having them cooked up in your face Benihana style with your choice of starch.(If this place would had more protein choices, I would have gave this place 5 stars) You're responsible for your portions, sauces and seasoning so, if it doesn't taste good, you got nobody to blame but yourself. When getting your bowl cooked up by the chefs, give 'em at least of couple dollars so they cook your food more thorough with love. You even get to get your own drinks, so if you're thirsty....again blame yourself. Service was friendly and decent. You get up and do everything yourself so they're minimal anyways in your experience. For basically $20 I got to eat 2 meals in one day and had more money and time left to play the tables. Definitely have a good game plan when you come in here to maximize your bowl. I like to stack proteins then veggies on top of each other in that order. Good eats and experience.
5	This place is fun! They give you a card with your name and table number on it, then you walk through a buffet line to choose your uncooked ingredients. You then leave them to be grilled and eventually returned to you at your table. It's hard to review the food here because you create your own. If you don't like the finished product, well, it's your own fault. It's a matter of trial and error. I've been here 6 times so I know which meats and veggies I like and which seasonings and sauces--there are lots of choices, some spicy, some not, but for me, less is better. I like the teriyaki sauce and the honey soy with a little salt, garlic, and ginger. The important tip is to fill your initial bowl to overflowing because it will cook down. I find the small bowl is enough for me, but they have a medium and a large. You also get to choose what to put you meats and veggies over--white, brown, or fried rice, udon noodles, pasta, tortilla, or cabbage. Our server tonight was Katie and she was very attentive and friendly. As we went up to the buffet line, she said she would check back later to see if we'd done a good job! We had!
2	Does anyone at this location enjoy working there?! BAD customer service! Started - From the bland hostess reception and snotty attitude for us asking for a booth type table and just throwing our napkins and forks on the table. Waiter took several minutes to come our table since he was visiting his friends at another table. We ordered Edamames and never got them. They brought out our food and we asked where the Edamames were and he said...oh...they did not have room to cook them...wtf?  When making our bowls, we asked the staff behind the glass area, about some nutritional information of the sauces...they were clueless and had NO idea how to answer other than NO. I just started here!  They need to be trained better!  We finally asked in the grill area and he showed us a nutritional chart and helped us. Waiter finally brought us our check, after requesting for him to come back and he had to go find his Manager to use the Birthday Coupon we had.  You should not have to find a Manager in that small of a place!  The Manager must not have control of the restaurants or his staff!  The job seems pretty basic...something is off there!!Oh...the food was good...but service sucks!
1	i will admit i am not exactly a mongolian grill expert.  i can take it or leave it.  but when a certain friend of mine visits from florida, i will always take him to a mongolian grill because he is a mongolian grill addict.  he has driven 2 hours (over 120 miles) just to get a decent mongolian grill in florida (shout out to BD's mongolian)..well, we tried this place.  utter disappointment.everything the previous bad reviews have said is true so i won't reiterate all that, including the ridiculous trouble of having trouble reaching the back ingredients.  but my biggest complaint was this:  what always made an overpriced bowl of veggies, rice and meat tolerable to me in the past was the SHOW!  you take your bowl up to a huge round grill, hand it over to the cook, and the cook puts on a show!  flipping food, twirling food, making fire over the grill, joking with the onlookers, all the things you see at a hibachi restaurant.  at genghis, you hand your bowl over to the cooks, and you go sit down and they bring it out to you.i felt like i went to a movie only to be made to sit in the lobby to eat subquality popcorn that cost much more than it was worth.and the service?  what service?  i waited a long, long time before a waiter showed up and i was finally able to ask for a glass of water that took a long time as well.  the place was not busy around 3 pm.  there's no excuse for poor service when the place is not crowded.  i usually tip generously but not this time.my mongolian grill god friend says next time, he'll choose the restaurant.  i was embarrassed and thought it was a huge waste of a lot of money.
3	I used to eat at Genghis in Houston about once a week.  I was a huge fan and was totally bummed when I moved out here and they didn't have one here.  However, about a year later, they opened this location.  I could not wait for it to open.  Normally, I try to wait about a month to try newly opened places, just to weed out bad staff, service, etc.  However, I had to go right away.  Right away I was rather disappointed at some of the changes they implemented.  But the food was good and the service was decent.  However, subsequent visits have yielded sub par service.  The past three times I've been there, the make-your-own-bowl bar has been a mess.  They were out of a few things.  They had discontinued shrimp due to issues with their supplier.  I have been very disappointed with this location.  The positives are still the food is great and fresh.  It is a really good deal.  And you can eat as healthy or as unhealthy as you want here.
1	Loved this place their first year.  I keep going back hoping for what we loved at first but it's just not there.  No more shrimp or shelled edamame to add to your bowl.  Prices are ridiculous for less than what they used to give.  The only reason to go these days is the cool Coke machine.  It's right next to the Sunset Station who has a better mongolian grill and you get the whole buffet for less than what these guys charge.  Wish you'd stayed as good as when you opened.
5	Went here for date night and had a blast!!! They have many different options of things to put in your bowl, and even some recipes if you don't feel comfortable free styling it!! There are a couple of additional ingredients I would have loved to see but I'm not even going to mention them because I don't want anything to come off bad about this place!!!What's even better is that on the table they have a small monitor that had some funny date night games. This place is a must try for everyone
4	Good. Fast. fresh. Borderline pricey. Inconsistent customer service. You can eat - paleo, primal, veg, or fatty.
4	The best Mongolian grill place in Vegas, hands down. The staff is attentive and friendly, and it's a great quick lunch or dinner. I just wish it was a bit closer to my home, and I'd eat here 3 or more times a week!
1	Too much going on, place is filled with cross contamination and confusion plus the food sucked!!!
5	Eat here every couple months and is a great place to get an affordable Asian fix. The restaurant GM is amazeballs, is extremely friendly and accommodating, She makes the visit all the more worthwhile. The food is as good as the ingredients you choose. Worth the visit for lunch or dinner,
2	Good restaurant gone bad! We used to go there twice a week. Now we go twice a year.... Maybe. They used to have shrimp. Now they don't. Ok I can live without it. The extra bowl was $3 now it's $4. They used to keep great care to make sure that all the containers were full. Now it seems they don't care. Then they went to serve yourself drinks. And sauces. And napkins. So.... What is the appropriate tip to the server? You make your own bowl. Get your own drink. Your own refill. Your own Sriracha. Extra napkins. As far as I can see, the only thing the waitstaff does is bring your bowl. Hey,  call my number and I'll walk the 15 feet and get it faster. Even if I'm in the mood I won't go cause I hate not tipping much. However, we eat out many times per week and it's not fair to Tip them even 10% for doing nothing. Very sad. We really liked it. It turned into a marginal cafeteria.
4	You design your own plate here at the Genghis Grill so it's hard to rate it on it's food. So instead I must base my review primarily on the service, which is fantastic. Everyone here was very helpful and the food was very reasonably priced. Not overly crowded during prime lunch hours but a steady stream of customers came through while I ate and each was taken care of in a very timely and professional manner. I recommend asking your waiter for suggestions on building your own bowl as it is very easy to mess up an otherwise delicious dish with what you think would be a good mix. I experienced that myself the first time I was here with a sausage and Crab fried rice that tasted like nothing but sausage and soy due to me adding too much of each. Great little gem of a restaurant, highly recommend.
1	This place made both my sister and me sick.  We will not be going back.
4	This place is fun!  I love making my own dish!  Still trying to perfect the perfect dish but having fun trying.  I would love to see more seafood selections in the meats and other noodle selections.
4	A very updated and modern version of Mongolian BBQ. This chain offers some very contemporary items, such as Pico Gallo, crab, veggy mixes, etc. Super clean location, with an extremely cheerful and helpful staff. Also, whatever you don't finish, you can take home. A tad bit pricy for this style of dining, but nothing that would discourage anyone from a healthy option for lunch or dinner.
5	This place was bomb . Our servers were very helpful instructing us on how to build our bowl. I like that they ask about allergies ,it's a great precaution of them to take. They specialize in Mongolian stir fry. This place is around ten dollars for a medium sized bowl BUT you can pile as much as you want ontop! I will be back !
3	We end up here about once a month. The food is good and I like the idea of choosing my own ingredients and flavors. I am bothered, though, that the service is consistently blah. I don't know what is happening with staff, but something is bringing them down.
5	I absolutely love this place! I cant get enough of their food all these different combinations ....tasty desserts and delicious appetizers... and best of all their customer service thank you very much Tayler you are exceptional you make our dining experience wonderful
4	This place rock you pick your m sets the all your  veggies , sauce and spices and they grill it all up for you. The food and choices are great. Staff is friendly, place is clean. The got a bar so they serve alcohol which is a plus. They are super busy at lunch hours during the week. Highly recommended try this place!
3	I loved this place till all the changes came. The food is really good but hard to reach. The prices also changed and went up. If you don't mind paying a little extra for a meal it worth it. They also have a soda machine with like 100 flavors in it.
4	Being a fan of Mongolian food I was curious about what this place had to offer. First time there was on a Sunday and the place was extremely packed and it took forever for the food to come out. Went in to dine there but because of the long wait got it to go instead and the waitress made a price change on bill which ended up being lesser than what it should have been due to wait. That was appreciated. The food was great when I got home to eat it so I went back the next day when it was not as busy and ate there and was completely satisfied with the food and service! Great place for healthy fresh food.
5	I really enjoyed this place. The meat was yummy. The staff was super friendly in explaining what to do. A friend and I went in on a Saturday night and were seated right away. My only complaint is that there isn't one closer to me.
4	The short of it: I'm not sure I would pay regular price here too often, but I always enjoy my free birthday bowl immensely. And it's gotten better the more I've learned to add enough salt and spices.This is the only Genghis Grill which I've been to, and other than that, I haven't really had too much so-called Mongolian barbecue aside from mall food courts. The premise is that you can pick your own meats, starch, and flavors and have them cook it on a giant hot metal flattop.The routine starts as follows: you're seated, a server asks you if you want appetizers or alcohol / bar seating (both of which I've never bothered with), and then you go to the line to choose your food. If you're lucky, there won't be much of a line and you'll get more time to weigh your options. If not, then think on your feet. As others have said, it's your own damn fault if you don't get a flavorful dish.An employee will ask you if you want a small, medium, or large bowl. I thought I could have eaten a little more after the medium. You get to pick from a variety of proteins, spices and seasonings, and sauces. Definitely load your main bowl at least to the rim with proteins. I would stick to the ones that have recognizable meat texture, which for me were the marinated steak tips, pork, and marinated white fish. The chicken looked unappetizing and there was no way I was using the processed meats. Further down the line are various vegetables that you might also consider adding. I wouldn't add too many aside from mushrooms, onions, and maybe carrots since I'm all about meat.The next two steps are so important that they get their own paragraph. You need to add spices and seasonings because there won't be enough from the meats, starches, or even the sauces. Use the tiny spoons to get several heaping spoonfuls of different granulated flavorings (such as garlic, ginger, cayenne, and yellow curry). Finally, you'll arrive at the sauces. Use a sampling spoon and try a sauce. If it's not that tasty, get another spoon and sample another sauce. Pick one or two that you like and ladle it into the small sauce bowl. I enjoy the 3G sauce, but you might not.Finally, walk to the counter near the grill and present your bowl. They'll ask which starch you want. I picked udon noodle, but maybe you'll want rice or something. You can ask for 1 or more eggs to be added to your bowl here. They used to have eggs for you to grab in line, but I'm guessing too many of them dropped and broke. I believe you may be able to ask for a premade combination at the grill counter, but I wouldn't bother with that unless you're very lazy.Grab a drink and maybe some condiments from the back area after you drop off your bowl to be cooked. They have those fancy Coca Cola machines that dispense seemingly hundreds of flavors from one spout. There's soy sauce, sriracha, and other things. Go back to your seat and wait an employee to present you with your bowl of cooked food. Eat and enjoy.I will make this point again so that it's very clear. If you didn't add enough spices and whatnot, don't expect too many good things out of the bowl. You can probably still salvage it with the other condiments and some salt and pepper, and then you can berate yourself. It probably took me at least a couple of visits until I learned this lesson, and I'm so glad I did.If you want a nice hot bowl of some Asian-inspired flavors with plenty of meat and some carbs, this is a good option. You know what flavors you're getting because you're designing the recipe, and that sure bet is probably worth $12 or so on a regular basis for some people.
1	No stars for this place! I am so angry it all started when my boyfriend and I walked in and were asked if we've been here before I said no but I've ate the food the waiter sarcastically ask well then how have you ate here, my friend brought her leftovers over and I've tried them, anyways our waitress Taylor was even worse she took us to the line and gave us the absolute worst explanation ever and walked away she didn't ask if we had any questions anything which I would have been fine with if she didn't have such a bitch face while explaining it. She asked if I was okay while I literally had food in my mouth so I nodded my head and she then more loudly repeated the question as she walked right in front of me I heard her say ugh omg and took a sarcastic deep breath I cannot believe it I was so angry that I told the manager I wanted the rest of my food to go and the worst part about it was that she didn't care she was so careless and did nothing to even attempt to make the situation better. I will not be back and feel sorry for the owner mcdonalds has better customer service then here. Terrible terrible service Taylor should really consider a new career path.
5	This is my fourth time back with my husband and kids and I must say that every visit has been such a pleasure. Our server Taylor is the reason we keep returning. The food speaks for itself great taste great quality but your dining experience relies on the customer service. When your waiter or waitress not only knows you by name but can remember what you like to eat and what appetizers you previously tried that is what going above and beyond stands for. I love the dining experience and atmosphere . Tonight I got to enjoy football great prices and felt like I was fine dining . I truly hope someone recognizes when your staff goes above and beyond excellence to ensure the customers are given a great dining experience . From the attentiveness to the hot meal you created this place feels like home. Just an fyi I did read a previous statement by a customers complaining about Taylor and I beg to differ.. If the staff asks if you have been there before it's because they want to ensure that your experience will be a memorable one. When your waiter asks if everything is alright or do you enjoy the food it's because they really want your opinion to make sure you are enjoying what you are paying for . Seems to me like this girl should have stayed home . Overall u get your money's worth your kids are entertained with the games a great place to take your family for a healty dinner .. Please ask for Taylor to serve you she will bring a smile to your face
5	Love this place.  So many options of food to choose from. Everything kept pretty clean and staff restock food when it gets low. Different seasonings to add flavor to your food. Cayenne pepper is my favorite.  3 different size bowls to choose from so if u aren't too hungry you can get the right amount and not pay too much. One of those places you have to try out.
2	Awkward is the best way to describe the servers and the expectations of a tip by the servers when they did nothing except bring a bowl to my table. The system needs to be fixed. Even refills on the drinks are self serve, yet the servers expect a 20% tip.  On the good side , the food was good and was cooked correctly . Just hating feeling uncomfortable when I tip as though it's s buffet 1 or 2 bucks a person and having to worry next time I go in there the way I am viewed.
5	So cool! Reminds me of place in Cleveland called Mongolian BBQ!  Bestie took me here after a long delicious night.  Never been here before so good and Yumma and fun!! And it is my friends birthday but we did not sign up in time for a free birthday bowl which we noticed was an option on the iPad menu on our table but our server Mia was AMAZING
1	We came here 12/19/2014 @ around 0630. This was not our first time and absolutely love the soda machine. We sit down and it takes a minute for the waitress to get to us. It is okay no big deal but what happened next was hard to believe. There was a full on fight between a male waiter and a waitress he was complaining about her messing up our bill for our table (we haven't gotten food yet). We were not even involved, he kept saying to the waitress " you are an idiot". So finally that's over and I hear from across the room from another waitress " IS THAT A REAL DIRTY DIAPER" the waiter then looks at her and looks at what is in his hand brings it to his nose and responds "YES". This was the same waiter who was in the fight with another waitress earlier. He then proceeds to toss the diaper in the trash. Yep you know where is this going and walks straight up to where the food Is prepared and picks up a plate of hot food and brings to our table (same hand that had the diaper). I had eyes on him the whole time and never went to wash his hands. We regretfully can never go back for this reason.
4	Tasty bowls of delights!But I have to agree with an earlier comment that the prices ARE a bit high. On the plus side, though, they do offer free birthday bowls which I took advantage of. Today is my birthday so we didn't have to pay for a Regular bowl which is normally priced at $11.49.Hubby chose a Large bowl which was $14.49. Prices are subject to tax, of course. If not for the birthday discount, the price would have been $25.98 plus tax. Since the bowls are rather on the small side, I would have to agree with reviewer Chris V. who posted about 5 months ago.The other Mongolian grill we've been to was in Utah and we don't remember paying as much -- even with paying for 2 bowls -- and they were good too, taste-wise.Genghis Grill has a self-serve soda service which is separate from the bowl price.All in all, we had a delicious and filling meal which rounded the day off to a beautiful ending.
