4	sooo filling...we ordered the hummus appetizer(your average, creamy rich hummus), the tzatziki appetizer(tangy, cool yogurt sauce with green onions), and the flaming feta appetizer(fried feta cheese mixed with a creamy, spicy sauce...not awfully spicy--incredible), all of which came with pitas...I also ordered 1 spanakopita to go with my falafel+rice plate)6 crispy, spicy falafel balls over yellow rice, into which I mixed tzatziki and hummus...mmmm...Jamie had the shawarma wrap(massive, and with some hard-to-place spice that was absolutely tantalizing)...I was definitely reeling after that meal :p
4	I have nothing overly detailed to add that other people haven't already said, but this place is basically my neighbor and I have only been there twice. Both times though I was really impressed with their quality, and got a lot of food for my money. Yum!
4	I am a fan of their pita.  It was so fresh and warm.  Excellent!  I prefer the hummus at Pita Jungle though.
4	Best greek place I've been too in the North Valley. They make all of their breads fresh. The chicken and steak is well marinated. Sometimes the Chicken can be a little dry. Overall, it's a great lunch spot.
4	I've found a new favorite Greek eatery in the Northwest Valley.Fresh ingredients prepared as you wait truly deliver.  The decidedly un-ranch dressing tzatziki (hooray!) has just the right zing.  The lemon juice squeezed over the taboule gave the perfect finish.  And the shawarma... delicious.  For sandwiches, go for the larger "wrap" over the "pita" and take the leftovers to go; the tandoori-ed wrap _is_ that much better.My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach, so I venture just beyond that 1$ mark; but there are certainly plenty of options within that price range.Be prepared for crowds.  There isn't much seating room inside or out; I missed some table opportunities on my last visit and had to "borrow" a table outside from the establishment next door.  Regardless, I'm already looking forward to trying some more of the menu the next time I'm in the area.
4	Cheap, local, delicious.I now officially have a place to satisfy my gyro fix in the west valley.  Its a small hidden spot on the southeast corner of 75th Ave. and Bell that I've driven by thousands of times but never noticed until I consulted the yelpers.  To those of you who reviewed this place, I owe you one.She got a 7" pita, I got a 10" gyro.  First off, my gyro was huge.  I never been so full from a gyro in my life.  Second, its true what the other yelpers say about this place.  All the food is made fresh right in front of you, which means its usually about 3-5 minutes until your order is ready.  The wait is worth it.  The gyro with two kinds of meat, lettuce, and veggies is booming with flavor.  Despite its sheer size, I demolished it.  Not as quickly as she demolished the pita, but she had a smaller portion so I'll call it a draw.  We both were more than satisfied.The place is small and was extremely busy (on a Sunday no less), but the cooks worked pretty quick.  Meals are usually $5-$10 tops.  Mine was $8.  Probably wanna get here early for lunch as I'm sure its a zoo.  And yes, they have baklava too (though I didn't try it this time).If you're in the Arrowhead neighborhood and need a Greek fix, you'll be hard pressed to find a better place than this.  There's few Greek spots around here as it is, but I'm proud to say that this place measures up.
2	Seinfeld fans may remember the "soup Nazi", and this restaurant sometimes reminds me of that episode.  You have to endure a business location that is far, far too small for the amount of traffic that goes through there, the food can take a long time, and it is often inconsistent but sometimes amazingly good.Their "wraps" are really just handmade pita that is more like Indian Naan bread used as pita, and it is quite good, especially with falafel.
4	Greek wraps is one of the tastiest places I have ever been to. Their gyro is superb, and their falafel is one of the best. If you go, definitely get the "Wrap" vs the Pita. The wrap is freshly made, and it really adds to the meal.The rice is incredible, the dolmas are ok, they might be pre-packaged, but my Fiance and I have been going there since they opened, and we've loved it. The owners are very nice, and yeah, sometimes it does take a little bit of time to get the food, but really, should you be in a rush to wolf food down your throat? If you want that, theres a Burger Slop down the road.
4	My business partner and I had been driving around for 3 hours that morning, and we decided that it was time for lunch. I had remembered seeing this place in the past when I had stopped by the Rubio's that is in the same center, so we decided to check it out. We arrived at around 12:30 and the place was packed...which I generally take as a good sign! We got in line to place our order and looked over the menu. We loved that the menu had pictures of everything...a major bonus! I decided to try the Beef Shawarma and she got the Gyro. We grabbed a table and waited just a few minutes for them to call our numbers. We both took a bite and loved our meals. I had never had Beef Shawarma, but it was delicious, tender and served with hummus and garlic sauce. I tried the Gyro meat, it was some of the best I have had. Everthing seemed to be very fresh, and the restaurant was clean.I don't venture to that area too often, but next time I need to, I will try to make it around lunchtime since the menu had many more items that I would like to try!
4	This place is awesome!  I have a thing for falafel and it's pretty hard to find decent greek street food in this town.  I'm also not very adventurous when it comes to trying new restaurants. But when I saw they had falafel, I had to try it. I've tried the Gyros plate, the Falafel plate, the hummus, and several of the pita sandwiches. The large size pitas are huge. My fiance can barely finish and he's usually a bottomless pit.  The fries are crispy, the gyros meat is nicely done and the falafel is perfect--spicy/cumin-y but not overpowering, crispy outside, perfectly dense (but not too dense, ugh!) inside.  The hummus is some of the best I've had in Phoenix and the rice is really good, too, although it seems like they've changed it lately to be all rice instead of rice and fideo. The staff is very nice and the decor is clean and pleasant .  Thank you, thank you Mr Business Owner for opening this place. Keep cookin'!
5	I would have to say that this is the Hidden Gem of Glendale.  I took a friend here from Atlanta and he still talks about it to this day.  He is always asking me to Fed-Ex him a gyro from Greek Wraps, and he is not kidding.  The secret to this place is the homemade pita wraps ... incredible.  I will refund your meal if you go here and are not satisfied.
5	One of my favorite places in the Valley. Tip - you must order the made-to-order wraps (vs. the pre-made pitas).
4	I have to admit I kinda love Greek Wraps.  It's a little hard to say this because the high school  kids that run the place can be a bit much at times but I can't stop thinking about the food.I've been twice in the last 10 days and i ordered a combo Kabob plate with lemon chicken and steak both times.  I thought the salad, rice, kabob, pita, and humus were all yummy.  The best part was that it was more like two meals.  The first time I went I had to eat the leftovers for breakfast because I was still thinking about them the next morning.  I went again last night and it was just as delicious as I remembered. (The high school kids were up to their old tricks but just think of it as dinner and a show or take it to go like I did.)
3	Greek Wraps is good.  I've been there a number of times.  The food is always fresh.  I've never had bad service.  Sure, the place is a little small for the business it gets, but you deal with that.  It's just....this place never wows me.  It's fine for greek food (something that, in general, has never impressed me) but it's just nothing special.If you do go, the one thing I can say is worth trying is their hummus.  It's pretty solid and goes great with their fries.  I'd recommend only getting that if you're with company though.  It's a lot of hummus to eat alone (trust me, I tried).
4	Another four star!  We had the 10" gyros at $5.99 each.  Not the best I've had, but very good.  They could have had a bit more lamb and a little less beef to make them super.  But a very good bite.  Everybody's plate looked good - and yes, the place was packed and stayed that way.  We must have been lucky - very good service, very attentive young people at the cash register.  In fact, one made a trail around the dining room asking how poeple liked their foodAnd clean!  Even the bathroom was clean!
3	For shawarma, I'd eat here...but I'd try a new place first.Let me first say if you don't know where this is...it is hard to find.  Landmarks would be: World Foods, Old Navy, Mattress Firm, Rubio's...it's in the back corner of the strip mall that houses these stores.Alrighty.  Service is quick and efficient.  A chicken shawarma meal is $8.18 with fries & drink.  The fries were not that great - I'd guess frozen from a bag.  The chicken in the shawarma was excellent and the pita bread was extremely good.  The problem is the rest of the sandwich.  There was not enough chicken, too much sauce (it was very drippy), and overall, not that satisfying.I would say that if I had gotten a plate of that chicken on its own with some of the fresh pita bread and some hummus, I could have easily given this place 5 stars.  But we're ranking them on the wraps, and when the food was wrapped, I would opt to try another place first.
5	Their gyros are amazing! I love the sauce they put on them
5	I'm always a fan of local, hole in the wall restaurants that reflect the community while offering tasty high value food. Greek Wraps wins on all counts. I'm particularly partial to their plates full of lots of yummy items--this restaurant is vegetarian friendly. I loved my gyro this evening---which at $7 and change including fries and a soda is a good value.
5	Although it has a generic name, don't let that fool you. "Greek Wraps" has the best fallafel in the city. It's not dry or overcooked. It's seasoned perfectly. The shwarma is also the best in the city. The kebab is tough and overcooked. Their humus is good but not very authentic tasting. This is better than Spices in Chandler and Phoenicia in Gilbert. Their gyros are good but many places make great gyros. Go here for the falafel and ask for the chile sauce
4	Greek Wraps makes me happy because it's delish gyro only minutes from home. Their gyro pita is very filling. Lots of well seasoned meat. Not dry. Pita is fluffy. Everything comes out hot. It's a small establishment and the service can be slow when it's busy, but the food makes up for it. I once got the falafel and hummus plate. I've been wanting to order it again, but I'm usually craving meat when I go. Hummus serving was huge. It lasted me 3 meals. I never had falafel before so I'm not expert but it tasted good to me. Ate everything within two days. I'll be going back to GW for more Greek food cravings.
4	What a great little family run Greek restaurant this is for the Arrowhead area.  I have been here several times and each time have enjoyed every bite of what I ate.  Sometimes in the suburbs it's tough to find good ethnic food.  This fills the void for the area.It's not a fast food joint, but it doesn't take to long for your food to be prepared.  Decor is clean and not so bad.  The Greek music(I think that's what being played) adds a soothing feeling.  Prices are reasonable and service is ok.I enjoy every time I come here and definitely feel like I'm getting a good value for what I pay for.
5	Best Service, Chicken & Steak kabob plates are our favorites!  Everything on the menu is great & fresh!  Service is excellent even though at times a little busier.  I always place my order ahead of time and have it ready to go.  Have the large pita bread, made fresh their!  Try it!
5	Food is awesome. Wait is alright. But they really need a bigger place than what they have right now. But better to max there place out than to never sell much food in a bad location.
5	Great food great prices great service!   I used to be a pita jungle fanatic, but greek wraps is now on my regulars list.
4	If you like greek food this will certainly satisfy your craving.  It's all about the food here, atmosphere is lacking.  Price is reasonable.  This is not a chain.  Only criticism is the wait, not fast service, but I guess you have to wait for the good stuff.  Give this place a try when you want Greek, then go next door to Juju Berry for dessert.
5	Best place for gyros. Been going here for years and it is actually better than it was years ago. Haven't tried anything other than gyro plate and gyro salad and both are great. Highly recommended. Salad is huge.
5	This place is delicious!  A friend recently introduced me to Greek Wraps and I have been there twice since!  The chicken shawarma is delicious.  The spice on the chicken is unique and a delicious unexpected addition.  I definitely recommend the wrap over the pita. If you have a hankering for Greek food this is the place to go!
4	A friend recommended this place to me and I went for the 1st time yesterday.  I have had gyro's in many places in the west valley and without a doubt, these were absolutely the best. They have a 7 or 10" gyro, I was hungry so ordered the 10" - I could only eat half of it it was so large.  The meat was very tasty without being greasy and the pita it was wrapped in is home made goodness. I had rice with mine, which was okay, friends had fries & said they were very good.Prices very reasonable for the portion size. Everything that I saw on peoples plates looked so delicious. I will absolutley go back, this was really a great find for me. Be prepared for a bit of a wait for a table if you go at lunch time, the place only has maybe 10 tables/booths available, though it does have some outside seating too.
1	The beauty of Chicago is the huge selection of ethnic foods we get to sample.  So I was disappointed with the Greek selection Glendale has to offerFalafel had a weird grimy taste to it.  Texture wasn't all there.  Gyros were dry.  Yogurt sauce accompanying it, blandThey tried, they failed...MISERABLY
4	Clean, good food.  Authentic for sure.  My only complaint is the lettuce they use on the pita bread for the gyros so they don't have to fill it with actual meat like they do in Chicago.  Disappointing they do that.  But the food is good, spiced well and the atmosphere is clean.  Good place to catch some Middle Eastern food if you are in the mood.
4	Greeks wraps is a great place for lunch in the Arrowhead Mall area.  I always get the steak shawarma on a 7" pita, the garlic sauce is great.  It gets very busy right at noon so you may have to get it to go.  Only about 10 table or so inside this place but the food is fantastic.  I have not had anything else here but my wife usually gets a gyro or a salad and she is always pleased as well.
5	I and my hasband always miss Greek Wraps.Prof is clean,simple,rasonable price,good volumes, frash,really taste good and looks healthy.the  place is little small so if you want  eat with relaxed,Take-out is the best way.Most of times are busy.if you like farafel,try the farafel with special souce.
4	Since our first visit to new york my fiance and I have been obsessed with finding a decent new york street style falafel sandwich here. We have learned its all about the tahina sauce, very important. And a nice crispy on the outside ball of falafel, not the grainy or soggy stuff you tend to run into here. Well after a few complete failures, I'm looking at you pita jungle, we have found what we believe to be the closest possible substitution here at greek wraps. Their falafel is spot on, crispy out side and moist inside, and they're tahina sauce is wonderfully reminiscent of that with which we would drown our sandwiches with in new york. On the downside there is always a wait to order, despite being rushed when you are at the counter.
4	My Valentine and I went here on the 14th of February mainly because we were at a loss of where to go, and we wanted something fast. Checking yelp, we decided on Greek Wraps because of its four star reviews, and I must say that I agree. Though the staff may look like a bunch of Jersey Shore rejects, they are without the attitude that makes one "from Jersey." The menu is pretty extensive for a walk-in Greek place. I got the Gyros Wrap and an order of baklava. My Valentine got the Falafel Wrap, and we split the hummus and pita appetizer. Everything was delicious. The meat in my Gyros was very tender and juicy (not dry like most of the places I've been). They also make all of the pita fresh as you order it. I will return for more of this delicious grub soon!
4	this has been one the places i crave for in the two years that i have spent in Glendale...I love the chicken schwarma.... although i agree with Nadia on the fact that it does get a little drippy over the end. but overall really good food, quick service, and not expensive... for that cost, its healthy food that fills you up...Go for Greek Wraps, and trust me you wont regret it....
5	Awesome. This place is one of my Favorites. They have a Chicken Shwarma Wrap that is Killer. This place is very clean and the staff is always friendly.
4	Would have given five stars but for the loud rock music radio station. The food wad great and the service friendly. When the music got to us, we just moved outside.
4	Simply the best gyro around. Tender, flavorful, yummy! Gyro salad is crazy!  Big enough for 2 to share!  This place is always clean and the staff friendly!
4	I'm not a big fan of Greek food,maybe if I was I would give 5 stars.The only thing that I have tried here though is the chicken sandwich, pita thing. Sorry can't really remember what it's called.But it was pretty good. They have this green sauce that is really good and very spicy which I love:)I don't have anything negative to say,except it can be kinda packed in their, but I know that everybody loves them.So go give it a try.
2	So I have been craving Falafel...haven't had good falafel in at least a year.  MMM - that cucmber yogurt with romaine in a delish pita.  I saw this place and saw they had falafel, so was stoked.  Order a large meal.  Well, not sure how they truly do it in Greece, but this place put's some lettuce, tomatoes, falafel, and ranch.  Very americanized if you ask me.  Won't be back.  The search will continue for good falafel.
5	I fallowed other yelper's advice and tried the chicken shwarma pita, holy freakin moly it was GOOD!! The chicken was so flavorful, the pita was perfectly soft but sturdy with all the saucey goodness, and the saucey goodness was amazing :).  I will for sure be back to get it again and try some more of the menu :).  I think I will try the veggie pita next time :).  The prices are really good, I LOVE King Gyro, but even they are like $1.50 more for a gyro.
4	I love this place!  We've never been to Greece or have had "authentic" Greek food at a fancy restuarant but I have had falafal and gyros and New York City so I'm basing my comparison on that and I think this place is pretty awesome.We used to love going to Ararat's Mediterranean (sp?) and now that it has closed, Greek Wraps is our new fave.  It's a ways drive for us since we live way out in Buckeye but anytime we are out that direction, we almost always head to Greek Wraps.  We've had their falafel and gyro platters/wraps and enjoy them a lot.  I think the falafael is a little on the crunchy side but I don't know if it's more authentic for it to be "software" or crunchy like they make it.  Their rice is good, too.  My husband even picked up catering for his work crew and they all enjoyed it a lot, too.The service is pretty decent, too.  Nothing fancy but they greet you and help you out of you ever have any questions.
3	Tried these guys while getting wife's truck detailed at the car wash a few hundred feet away.  The serving sizes were GIGANTIC and think that most people could easily share a meal and be happy with 1/2 portion.Although I think Greek food is probably not for me, the food here was tasty and it looked like they had a fair amount of regulars that enjoy the food.  Restaurant was clean, and seemed to have a thriving business.
5	Okay, so this review has been a long time coming. Not sure why I haven't written one in the more than five years since I've been coming to Greek Wraps, but better late then never. I LOVE this place. I've had Greek, Turkish and various Arabic cuisines in many cities and several countries, and the stuff they serve here is right up there with the most flavorful I've ever had.Primarily, the fact that they make their own bread fresh to order is what gets me salivating when it's coming close to lunchtime. They have 7" pitas or thinner 10" wraps. I get the latter. They're delicious. I'll either get a chicken kabob or shawarma wrap, typically with a side of falafels and a side of dolmas (vine/grape leaves). Their vine leaves are the cold vegetarian versions; none of that disgusting hot stuff with pine nuts and meat. Falafels are excellent - they don't taste store-bought and sludgy but have great flavour with a very nice, subtle peppery aftertaste. The shawarma is fantastic - marinated enough to give it a delicious zing. Me eating a wrap is like putting a piece of paper in a shredder - I absolutely decimate the thing nonstop from start to finish and have to watch out that I don't chew my own fingers off towards the end. I've had baklava once or twice from here, it's not too bad either. And thank god they don't serve ridiculous Chicago-style hotdogs here. Last I checked, Chicago wasn't in Greece.Greek Wraps has always been extremely popular, especially at lunchtime, and it was always way overcrowded. The "Jersey Shore" (cracked me up) dudes prepping the food work pretty furiously but still it takes quite a while to get your meal, sometimes 10-15 minutes or longer. Toward the end of last year they did a MUCH-needed renovation and pretty much doubled the interior space - I remember walking in and then doing a doubletake since I didn't recognize any of it. Even with the added space it's still almost always full up at midday. Great prices, the absolute best Mediterranean take-out on the west side (I like Pita Jungle equally, but that's a different range/style of foods) and well deserving of your cashola. For dessert, assuming you have room (typically unlikely), you got your choice of a Jamba Juice or a Juju Berri in the same strip, or else walk across the carpark to Cost Plus World Market and pick up a coupla import chocolates like Milka Nussini or Cadbury Flake. Mmm.Edit 20110615: BLEAH!! T Greek Wraps now stocks the infamous Abali "yoghurt soda" which I first tried at Haji Baba's down in Tempe. Disgusting - BUT!! I was super excited to see it and actually bought a bottle to drink. Do not ask me why. I grimace every time I take a swallow of it, but maybe I like it because of the Warhead effect - some sort of mild endorphin rush you get from challenging your taste buds to something they aren't thrilled with. Anyway, add another imaginary star to my review just for this stuff alone. See my pic. http://j.mp/jIYTCK
4	First time eating here and it was really good. I went with the basic gyro plate. I love meats roasted on a spit! This includes gyro meat, yellow rice, salad, hummus, pita, and portion cup of tzatziki.  It is a large portion, two people could easily share one dinner. With a drink the total was $10 and change.Gyro meat was very flavorful! I liked the hummus. The rice was a little greasy, but not too bad. There were plenty of people here, so that's a good sign. I look forward to eating here again!
5	Short and sweet...this place is amazing!
5	Wow...just thinking about this place and writing a review is making me hungry. I went in here wanting to try something different and ended up getting something amazing! There are a lot of great menu options and I like that they give you a choice to have pita or wrap for your meals. The interior is actually really nice and it seems like they've got a lot of regular patrons. I can see why since this place is always clean and the staff is always friendly. I'm just glad that I've got another food option when it comes to lunch. I'm even thinking I might go again today :D
4	I took my wife here. We loved it..nothing fancy but a great lunch spot considering it is in a strip center and Peoria/Glendale is not know for food like Central Phoenix and Scottsdale..The bread is fresh.The meat was great. Tzatziki sauce was perfect. I am definitely going back... Even if I have to drive an hour...The only thing I didn't like was the fries... The owner should have had Greek fries on the menu(SKINNY CRISPY WITH FETA)....
5	My boyfriend & I love Greek food, always have. There are many Greek places in Phoenix so it's hard to find a good one. Greek Wraps is on the top of our list, Chicken Kabob Plate is seasoned well, although there have been a couple times when it was a little dry. Their rice is probably the best Greek rice I have ever had, I love the soft, fresh pita bread & the garlic sauce wraps it all together. The hummus is ok, not the best, not the worse but then again I love tomato basil hummus versus plain. The Chicken Kabob wrap with Caesar dressing is also amongst my favorite things to order here. My boyfriend loves the Greek Salad but always orders extra Feta cheese. They are always busy and the food is always fresh!
4	This place has wonderfully fresh Greek food. And they hand-make wraps for each sandwich - fresh when  you order. Love their hummus and all of their roasted meats. And the pita and wrap sandwiches are HUGE! It's always busy here and once you stop in and eat you'll see why.
5	It's a good thing that this place is not closer to where I live or I would weigh 400 pounds.
3	I ordered a gyro, it smelled like a gyro, but when I got home I realized they forgot the gyro :( Instead I got a side of gyro meat & rice. I at e a little bit & the meat wasn't bad, but alas, I needed something more!
4	great gyros and friendly employees!
3	I don't normally venture to the west side, but I was attending a conference in Peoria and my coworker and I were craving Greek food for lunch.It had hits and misses.We shared the hummus to start. The hummus was tasty but it had a bit of a weird grainy texture. And it could have used more lemon. The pita it came with was yummy and perfectly toasted.I had the falafel pita meal. The falafel pita was very mediocre. The falafels weren't zesty or crispy on the outside. The french fries that accompanied them were dull. My friend had the chicken schwarma salad. She liked the chicken itself but said the salad was drippy and watery.Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. No complaints there. If I lived closer I would probably give Greek Wraps another try. However, I live 20 minutes away and Chicago Gyros and Sabas more than satisfies my Greek craving in my own vicinity.
4	This place has a great feel to it! You come in to order and you can see the 3 giant things of meat that they cook/cut from. I ordered the Gyro.. and had it for take out. The wrapped it very nicely and when I started digging in, nothing from my gryo was falling out! amazing! They have many different options and sizes for each item that you want to get. The girl who rung me up... was not so friendly at all.. so that was a MAJOR letdown for me. Customer Service is very important to me.. so definitely didn't get my tip. Sorry.. Other from that. The food was delicious and generous!
5	I've been a loyal customer since I moved to the area 5 years ago. It's my number one spot in town for gyros. What sets them apart is the availability of getting a standard pita or a 10" wrap. The 10" wraps are hand stretched and baked when you order your sandwich. I've tired just about everything the have stuffed in the wrap...souvlaki, chicken shwarma, steak shwarma, gyro...and they are all delicious. The serving size is always more than enough and always served fresh. In fact, I think a trip to go get dinner may be in order!
4	#1 - MUST have their garlic dipping sauce...so good!I like that they have really cheap appetizers...I ordered all the $1.00 ones. I figured I might as well try them since they're cheap and see if I like them. I liked the Falafel, Spanakopita, and their bread (so good). The food is pretty good and the portion is perfect (okay, maybe it's just a tad bit more than enough). The workers are super friendly!
4	I tried this place this weekend at the suggestion of friends who live nearby. The place is very clean and had an open kitchen, which is always a plus in my book.  The service was very good and we got our food quickly.They are grilling some great looking beef and chicken here, yet sadly I didn't see any lamb on the menu.  I had the tri-tip kebab sandwich and my wife had the gyro.  Both were very tasty but what really made the meal was the 10'' pitas they are making from scratch.  They have a 6" pita that appears to be sourced from Kronos (the large Greek food supply company, not the young Titan and son of Ouranos and Gaea) but the 10" pita is homemade and ridiculously good. It has more in common with a buttery roti than a pita. Big-ups to my friend Emir for cluing me in on them.  We also had the Flaming Feta, it was fantastic, we'll definitely be getting it again.  If you like heat, be sure to ask them for their Greek hot sauce, it was a very spicy green sauce that had a unique flavor that I really enjoyed.  The only downside to the meal was the quality of the veggies in the sandwiches.  The tomatoes were pale and mealy and the lettuce was a little wilted.I'll be returning to Greek Wraps, the 10" pita is something I'll be craving until I have another crack at it.  There were also several other dishes on the menu that looked to have a lot of potential.  If you're in the area stop in and get some very good Greek grub.
5	this place boils over with flavor!  The chicken shawarma pita!  That is all! Tell em to make it spicy! and get the 10''Seriously soo good though, I love the ethnic flavor here, it permeates through the front doors.Plus you know a place is good when you see a bunch of cops and firefighters eating there on their breaks ;)
5	It's been about 10 years since I've had delicious falafel. The last place I used to go to for falafel on a regular basis was Hidyan Cafe in Boston's Fenway neighborhood. Man that place was good! Since I left that area, I was on a hunt for a replacement for a while but I eventually gave up. Then a few weeks ago a friend suggested we go to Greek Wraps. And guess what!...... I finallllly found the perfect place to fill the falafel void in my life!!! Yep - phenominal!!! You should go eat there NOW! And bring all your friends. They will thank you.***Their hours are: Mon - Thurs 11a-8p, Fri & Sat 11a-9p, & Sun 11a - 7p
5	I have become a semi-regular here, and I have tried more of the menu and everything impresses me.  I love the grilled veggie pita, the chicken and steak shwarma (wraps and plate), the gyro (wrap and plate), the hummus is awesome every time, really great food!
4	I was deprived of good Greek or Mediterranean food for 2 years living in the Caribbean and upon this return, this place welcomed me back with open arms and tastiness. It is better than I ever remember it being and they have expanded it some so that it is some what easier to get a table, even though it is still always crowded. Besides the space, the hardest part is deciding what to actually order because everything is excellent. My favorite is the falafel wrap (but supersize it and get the wrap, not the pita, because the bread is much better).
5	Really great wraps!! Friendly service!! We always get the steak shawema.. Great flavor, we also always get it in the home made pita not the other pita bread. So yummyyyyy
5	Affordable, clean, food is delicious. Recommended!
5	I honestly don't give out 5 stars too often, but this place is really good and I highly recommend it. The service is great, the food is exceptionally good, and it is always clean (unlike most mediterranean restaurants I seem to visit). I recommend the Chicken Shawarma Salad, healthy and tastes great.
4	This used to be one of my favorite quick lunch spots in the northwest valley.  The portions are huge, the prices are totally affordable, the staff is always friendly, and if you order one of the wraps, they fire/cook the bread right there in front of your eyes!  And it's delicious by the way!  Definitely try one of the wraps if you stop in but beware...you might need a wheelbarrow to cart yourself out!
5	This place is so good! I love the pitas, homemade! The people are always so friendly, service is quick and food is always hot and delicious!
5	My family LOVED this place! The falafel pita and plate were amazing. Quick service and delicious food. We will definitely be coming back here!
4	Love this place only Greek restaurant that makes fresh pitta's.
4	The food is amazing. The customers are rude... Super super rude. Take out dont dine in its always busy... Online menu thegreekwraps.com
3	Large menu to choose from, food arrived  quickly and were kind enough to bring out to the table outside. That was a nice touch. Clean dining area.The gyro I had was good. Solid, but not the best I've had.  There was just something lacking compared to some other gyros I've had. Don't get me wrong, I still liked it.The hummus appetizer was good. The pita was a bit dry or maybe not quote fresh.Overall, very good 3.5.
5	I've never received anything less than perfect service and a perfect meal. The appetizer combo is a phenomenal deal especially if you don't eat meat. Falafel, dolmas, hummus, babaganoush, tabbouleh, greek salad, pita bread and tsatsiki sauce. I'm full for days but I always want more!
5	I eat at Greek Wraps more than any other restaurant I think.  I really love it!! The only thing I have left to try is the pork... My fav is either the gyro plate or the chicken Shawarma pita. The way to go is to get the combo plate and an extra pita, split it between two people (cuz there is tons of food!), try a little of all the best (chicken Shawarma, gyro, steak).  It makes for a great dinner for under $20 for two :)... Who ever takes my order is always very nice. It is kept clean.  Great place!!
4	Wooooo!!! I love gyros. I have had great ones, and I've had not-so-great ones. These my friend, were some of the best I've had. My lamb was tasty as can be, tzatziki was flavorful, I had to pull out some blah pieces of iceberg lettuce though. I'm just personally not a fan of the iceberg lettuce. The BF had the falafel pita wrap. The falafel was good too- spicy, even. I've only had falafel one other time forever ago, so I can't really compare it to another experience. But it was tasty. The atmosphere of the place was nice, I didn't expect it to be so "new" looking. You can watch the cooks prepare your food right there, and everything is made to order and fresh. It was busy when we arrived (about an hour before they closed on a Saturday), and it just kept getting busier. All-in-all, I will definitely be visiting this place again. Maybe this evening!
4	Fantastic shawarma. The bread is made while you wait. The sauce, delicious. Staying near here, I preferred it to go rather than eat in. Go Eco with your to-go take away containers.
5	This place is awesome!  My husband and I went for lunch on a Wednesday and it was fairly busy.  He ordered a gyro salad and I ordered a chicken shawarma plate which came with a side salad, hummus and rice.  Both orders came with pita bread and tzatziki sauce.  Everything we had tasted great!The gyro meet was sliced thin and very flavorful. The salad had onion, red and green bell peppers, cucumber (I think), feta cheese, and kalamata olives - it was well dressed and not overly sour as I find most Greek salad dressings to be.  I had never tried chicken shawarma before but it was very tasty, as was the rice it was served on and the side of hummus.  The side salad was the same as the salad under the gyro meat.  The pita bread was warm and fluffy and the tzatziki was delicious.The restaurant is clean, comfortable, and well decorated (nothing fancy but still nice).  The portions are large and the prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely be coming back here again!
4	This is really one of the best wraps places I've been to in Az. If you have had Greek food in Chicago or New York, this is as close as it gets in the North valley. The hummus is the best I have ever had and they give you a nice portion when you get the chicken kabob plate. My husband likes the Greek salad, which is loaded with gyro meat. It's a little pricey and sometimes you have to wait a bit for your order, but they give you more than enough to justify the cost and the food is fantastic! this place is one of my favorite!
4	Having lived in Greece and traveled extensively throughout the Middle East, I've had my share of authentic Gyros and Shawarmas.That said, Greek Wraps definitely delivered authenticity in my experience.  I'd like to see the price a little lower than $7 for a 7'' Gyro if I were to give Greek Wraps 5-stars, but I'm content to give them 4 stars for a great-tasting Gyro which was loaded with meat.  The service and cleanliness of the order at-the-counter then sit style restaurant was solid.
5	Excellent food. Some of the best falafel I have had. Clean friendly environment.
5	The food here is fantastic. One piece of advice, get the "wrap" not the pita. The pita is good, but the homeade wrap is FANTASTIC! The service is good. The place is clean. The soda tastes of bad water, but I just get my food to go and drink a can of soda at home. It is not a good enough reason to take away a star. You are foolish not to run here at your earliest convenience and eat a large gyro wrap with all the fixin's and extra sauce.
3	King Gyro is still king of local Greek places in my book. A patient of mine recommended the location due to Armenian authenticity. Well, I thought the gyros was good and filling. The fries were ok but the tzatziki sauce is a little too dilly for me. Don't think I will be back unless somebody else is craving it.
4	Probably the best Gyros on the west side. They are a bit pricier than most other similar places, but it is worth the extra $1.50 for better flavor. I almost always stop by when I'm in the area.
5	Always fresh and delicious.  I mostly stick with the humus and grilled tilapia. They are both outstanding.  What more can I say? Greek Wraps is my favorite joint in town.
4	The best tasting gyros I've had in phoenix, service was just ok, the shop looks well cared for and clean
5	Best wraps ever!!!I was here on Friday the 28th of September, and It was great!!!The place, is modern, well-kept and clean, with lovely images of Greece all over their walls.    *** I decided to go with their Lemon Chicken pita, with the Cesar sauce and the works in veggies, it tasted extremely fresh and healthy to me!!!BEST WRAP so far!!!! Oh so tasty and also well proportioned, I would love to frequent this spot, but its a long drive from my home!! ** One day we will meet again!!! :) **
5	A good as it gets. I've been coming here for some time. The food is fresh and oh so delicious. The service is fantastic and fast. They take the time to answer everyones question. I went with the Chicken Classic Greek Salad, and gotta say that the salad is great. Chicken is freshly cooked and it's healthy. My sister always gets a Gyro with a side of rice. She loves it here as well. I now call this place my frequent dining spot. Can't get enough of it.
5	Really good gyros... best I've had in Phoenix
4	Mmmm how have I lived so close to this place and not eaten here until now?Had the chicken shwarma plate with a side of falafel. Plates come with a side salad, pita, rice and hummus. Shwarma is all dark meat and seasoned very well, not too salty but maybe a tad dry...nothing a little garlic sauce can't fix! Hummus worked well mixed in with the rice and meat. Falafel was served steaming hot, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Its a toss up between the falafel at Chicago gyro and this one. Excellent meal for 10.99 (falafel included) and plenty of leftovers!Bf got the gyro plate which was mighty tasty too! I think I might like the gyro meat a little better here because its a bit less salty than Chicago gyro but I'd have to do a side by side comparison to know for sure. The pita bread is legit, they use the expensive stuff and not the dollar pita bread that goes stale in 10 seconds. Seating is much better here too, its a big restaurant with plenty of space! Service was friendly enough. Can't wait to come back and try the baba ganoush, dolmas, steak shwarma, kabobs and salads!
5	We bought a couple of party trays for my birthday and I have to say, it can feed a whole battalion. Not only was there a lot of food, it was also delicious, as usual. Thank you, Greek Wraps!
4	When we used to live in Peoria, we would go to Greek Wraps about once a week. Their hummus is to die for. I've actually never had anything less than terrific there. Everything from the veggie pita wrap with grilled eggplant and onions smothered with their special yogurt sauce to their grilled lemon kebab with garlic sauce is amazing. There is always a line at Greek Wraps and expect a wait. The food is made fresh to order and the portions are plentiful. I wish they had delivery!
5	We love eating there - dine in or take out! My husband used to work quite close to there, so it was often also the lunch venue for us to meet for a quick bite together. It gets VERY busy there though for lunch time, so be warned!Our kids love their food too!Another huge advantage for us is -  they don't use garlic in the gyros or in their Tsatziki sauce (it is in some other items though, so please check with them!) My husband is allergic to garlic, which has pretty much made Greek food an impossibility  for him - until Greek Wraps! I could finally introduce him to some yummy Greek food!Love their Gyros wraps!
5	We brought Mom here to celebrate her 95th birthday. The food is GREAT and the staff are accommodating.  Whenever we return we are remembered, and Mom is treated like family.  Our salads are custom made, since Mom and I can't eat green pepper; they are just like my grandma made in the 1950's!   The fish is grilled perfectly: flavorful and spiced just right.  The portions are large, and my family is happy because I am gluten free, so they get more of the special homemade pita that the restaurant is so famous for.  What I notice is that a lot of the EMTs and firefighters stop in for a quick meal. That is telling!  Yes, there is a few minute wait, but well worth it.    Ambiance is okay, its not a five star, but the price and value are great. Drink prices are $1.49 to $1.99.  The catering prices are a bit high, and they don't deliver, but I observe lots of people coming in for carry out.  Worth the drive from Sun City to Peoria.  Front view: http://www.greekwraps.com/images/wrapsshop.jpgPlate menu: http://www.greekwraps.com/plates.htm
5	This place rocks! Their Menu is very simple and if you want to customize it they are very helpful! The girl on the cashier was very sweet and helpful. I came here with my parents and since they have been here before on their recommendation I got the 10 inch chicken shawarma. It's a great bargain for your buck. They r fairly priced and give you enough to pack some and take home aswell. Also don't forget to get their homemade fresh hot sauce (it's green in color). The staff was awesome aswell. They were very attentive and accommodating. I would highly recommend everyone to go check this place out.
4	Get their homemade bread! I am not a big fan of wraps since all it usually is is a flour tortilla or something similar. But here, they do wraps with pita bread or their fresh baked bread. Definitely go for the later. It is more expensive than the pita bread but I think it's worth it - it's bigger so that's why.I got the chicken shawarma sandwich/wrap. The bread was warm and yummy. They loaded it with TONS of chicken. Almost to the point where it was a bit too much but that only makes it a great deal for your money. It was $7.49. The only slight I had was that I always like dark meat over white meat. The description said it was made from chicken thighs.  When I got it, it was more like half and half.  That or half the dark meat was dry.  But that's minor since in most cases, that would be the better deal since white meat is usually more.  Friendly staff too.
4	Baba Ganoush and Dolmas are yummy. GET THE GROUND BEEF KABOB SANDWICH. Its not on the menu but you can request it. It's delicious and so filling, I prefer the pita over the wrap for choice of bread but its whatever you like.
5	Best wraps in Arizona.they give a lot of food evry time never change the quality of the food.evry  things test really good
5	Best little diner in the North Valley.  I discovered this place when a co-worker (from Greece) told me that this place served the best Greek good this side of Athens.  That was about 6 or 8 weeks ago and since then I've been back to this great little treasure about 5 times.
5	This place is really great. Everyone I have taken here loves it. It is always crowded, so you know it is good.My mom and I really like the falafel. I havent had a falafel that good anywhere else. It is perfectly fried and has a lot of flavor in it. Sometimes I get it in a pita, or on top of a greek salad. It is really good.I also love the hummus and pita bread appetizer. Another good app is the taziki and pita.  The baby loves to eat all of those.My husband always gets the schwarma (sp?) wrap and says it is great. You can get it with a meal deal that includes salad or fries and a drink. The fries are fresh cooked and delicious. His only complaint is he can't get it spicy enough.Even my in laws who do not like most foods like this place, so you know its good!
4	Everything I have had at Greek Wraps is good. My personal favorite is the chicken shwarma with rice. The restaurant itself is clean and well lit and the staff are friendly. We do eat here but prefer to take food home because it can be somewhat packed in here.
5	I had the 10'' gyros.  It was delicious, I highly recommend this place.  If you are a Midwestern student you get a  10% discount
5	A non chain in arrowhead and its yummy!  Try the flaming feta for an appetizer. Live that they have added a few bistro tables outside for additional seating and enjoying the nice AZ spring.
5	Great falafel! Hummus was absolutely delicious, service was great very clean place . We will be back to try more.
5	AMAZING food. This place is always busy and rightly so, they have quality food. If you are in the area try it out, I promise you will be back. The place is small and sometimes it can take a while to get your food but it tastes so good its always worth it.
5	I love this place for lunch and takeout for dinner. They always have very fresh food and great prices too. They work hard to fill your order promptly.
5	I grew up in Chicago (where the gyros is an art, lol). Phoenix had yet to impress me with a gyros, or any Greek food for that matter. When I wandered into this place I really wasn't expecting much, but WOW!Very friendly staff that really appears to care about customer service & some quality "home made" food. We had the gyros platter & chicken kebob pita. Gyro meat was good. Tzatziki is obviously made on site. Hummus is also obviously made on site. Both were exceptionally good. So none of the canned garbage that the rest of the Greek places serve. Chicken was extremely juicy & quite tasty.We will definitely go back!!!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! Every this is consistenty good and prices are reasonable with large portions. Same people have been working the register a long time. I have used their catering several times as well and they never fail to please. The only recommedation I would make is that if you're using them for take out, check your bag first to make sure you have everything you should. Somethign has been missing on more than one occasion.
4	We live eating the gyros here! The fries have no salt so skip them and get salad instead! I always go back for more! My daughter also loves the kid menu!
3	I guess I'm one of the few people who wasn't that impressed with this place. I ordered the gyro plate to go and some baklava. I don't know if my expectations were so high because of the reviews, but I just felt so underwhelmed after I dived into my meal. The meat was a little on the dry side but the hummus was pretty good. I do intend on going back because I would like to give a different dish a try. The customer service was pretty nice so I don't want to judge the place solely on that dish. I'll update my review if I hit the jackpot and fall in love with my next meal.
4	Ordered the larger gyro with their own in house made pita. The gyro was hot but I am not a fan of the tzatziki sauce being on the top and lettuce in my gyro. I liked the option for the side could be fries, salad or rice. The rice was flavorful and not too mushy which I have seen other Mediterranean places done with it. The price was reasonable for the meal. Their combo gyro meat meal is a better deal with pita, rice, and salad which I would recommend if you are really hungry.
5	Lemon chicken delicious.
5	YES! Grab your nom nom face and head on over! Experience: I looked this place up on yelp since I knew I'd be in the area. My wife and I went in and the place was packed, no tables. We were ordering and one opened up, my wife quickly snagged it and after I sat down the guy came over and wiped it down for us. Food: Food took a little bit to be done but they were crazy busy, in store and phone orders. The food was amazing! I got steak shawarma and my wife got a fish wrap and baklava. I cannot wait to go back, I neeeed it.For the record, I'd had gyros/wraps before.. first time with shawarma. I asked the guy taking orders what he recommended and went along with it. I want to explore the whole menu.
4	My favorite lunch place! I've tried so many different items on the menu and everything is delicious!
5	Delicious gyros and overall friendly staff. Reminds me of some of the mom and pop places back home in MI. Highly recommend!
5	This place is so good, clean and friendly!  Prices are reasonable for a Greek restaurant, and they offer a wide selection of wraps, gyros, salads and rice plates.  I had the chicken and beef kebab combo plate and it was so good!  Chicken and steak are both seasoned well, very juicy and tender.  It comes with rice, hummus!, pita bread and a side salad (very fresh ingredients).  One of the best Greek restaurants I have been to and will recommend it to others.
3	Staff is friendly and the warm pitas and hummus are awesome. Unfortunately, the chicken I had was over seasoned and the beef that my friend ordered was so over seasoned that it was inedible. I may have to try again on another day.
4	Awesome gyros!
4	This is a family favorite for us. Great food and great prices. I am a fan of the chicken kabob-platter (although it is A LOT of food), pita (make it a combo with hot french fries), or salad. Lots of options! Everything tastes real, healthy, and flavorful. Good West Valley spot for Greek food!
5	Very tasty gyros!
5	Yes, yes, the reviews are true This place is seriously the bomb. Tried the 3 way combo plate with steak chicken and gyro and shared it with my wife. We took some home!! Great food, great staff. We will definitely be back And I have already recommended it to friends.
5	After moving to Glendale for medical school last year, Greek Wraps has been one of the few restaurants I visit on an almost weekly basis. The gyros here are the best in town, and it's all HALAL which is an amazing plus for any fellow Muslim brothers or sisters. I went there today and ordered a steak kabob sandwich, venturing outside my usual 10 inch gyro wrap. I didn't realize the steak kabob had hummus on it and started having a slight allergic reaction (allergic to sesame, from what I tasted though and for what it's worth, it was a great sandwich with good cuts of steak). I told one of the servers and they immediately swapped out my sandwich with something else without hummus; they were apologetic and did it ASAP with no questions asked. Great service, great food. I strongly suggest everyone checks this place out!
5	UPDATE:   Soda now tastes delicious.  They must have put in a purifier.
4	Super delicious food that doesn't leave you feeling heavy or greasy. I'm never disappointed and end up here at least once a week for lunch. Everyone I've brought here always leaves happy. Only reason I don't give it a 5 is because it can be pricey for lunch. 10 bucks for a plate. But again, I love it too much to say no.
2	Not very impressed by this place.  The ground beef kabob is the only good thing i've had there.  There rice is bland and not a good texture, seems like instant rice or something.  their humus is kind of bland.  the chicken i had was rubbery.  The bread and garlic butter stuff is good and fries are good but overall disappointing.  Their meat except the lamb is halal so i've gone there a few times and will probably at some point be back only because a lack of options.
5	I've been here before and I remember it being good.So today when I was starving, (I'm pregnant) and I didn't know what I wanted to eat and grouchy out of my mind I decided I wanted to come back and eat some Greek food!I ordered a hummus app- delicious!Perfect amount for 3 people I'd say. Hubby and I went to town and there was still some left.We also ordered a beef shawarma combo on 10".  yummmmmmmmmm! I also got a gyro on 10" delicious!!!The only mistake being is I didn't add feta on this. They're feta is amazing!!!Very nice waitress. :) we'll be coming back!
1	I don't get all the wonderful reviews. I was really disappointed with the food and the 20 minute wait for one small salad and one sandwich. The house dressing on the salad was probably the worst I've had at a Greek restaurant and the steak sandwich was just ok. Can't imagine we'll be back.
5	Simply the the best...love the freshly baked wraps you make the call on what to fill them up with chicken, gyros, shawarma or any of the many other options available
5	Some of the best Greek food I've ever had. Super fresh and not too expensive! Plus a lot of food for your money!
5	Totally underestimated food- everything I've tried has been great. You cannot beat the value. If you went across the street to Pita Jungle to have a very similar meal, you'd pay about 20% more per order.There's an open kitchen and everything is made fresh right in plain sight. Their food is always well seasoned and it's pretty healthy for a fast-casual place. Order yourself some Falafel while you await your salad or entree and ask for extra dipping sauce for it.They do close at 8, the CFL lighting is not at all cozy and it gets really busy for dinner, however the food and service are so good that I don't mind. Greek Wraps feels like a family business and they really seem to care that you're having a good meal and that you'll come back for more.
5	I tried the gyro. It was delicious. The food seems better than the othe Greek places I've been to.
5	Unbelievably great restaurant!  I'm from Chicago & this is the best  Greek restaurant I've been to in Phoenix.
5	I tried the chicken kebab wrap and it was delicious. The meat was juicy and spiced perfect. The wrap bread they use had a good taste of its own. Can say that the chicken kebabs were one of the best i have tasted.
5	I just had the most amazingly delicious and freshly prepared food! Not only is this place always clean, but the STAFF is always smiling and so friendly and helpful. I drive 30 minutes from Anthem just to eat here and I am never disappointed.The portions are so generous! Best value for my money by far.Do not pass this place up!
3	Good Greek food. The Gyros and Steak Shawarmas are pretty good.  Friendly service. Very dimly lit restroom.
5	Cannot get enough of this place, so fresh, flavorful, and good!!!! The hummus is good, the chicken kabob wrap is amazing and the pitas to die for.
5	I love this place.  People are really friendly.  GREAT FOOD.I recommend Greek Wraps to anyone. I am vegetarian...  Salad is always fresh, Falafel is the best...Thank you guys...ben
5	I don't know why my husband and I even bother with other Gyro/Greek restaurants in the area... I think it's because they lure us in with their 'gyro and fries $4.99 special"... Not worth it.  GREEK WRAPS IS FAR SUPERIOR.  Better than any we've had traveling cross country too.  The staff is friendly, but the place is a bit limited on size, so if you go when they are busy, seating could be a problem.  Don't go if you are in a hurry, getting your food always takes a while, but there's a reason - they don't just shave the meat off the spit, they shave it off than pan sautee it.  Everything they do is an extra step or two, which takes time, but makes it soooo much better.  Everything is fresh and spiced perfectly.  I've tried everything from their sandwiches, salads, plates and sides, and we've never had a bad meal there.  Even though it's an 'order at the counter' type place, nothing fancy, it's still one of our favorites because of the quality and the friendly staff.  Just really. good. food!
5	This place is wonderful. Bikram Yoga Peoria recommended it and I don't ever want to eat at another Greek place. The gyro salad is my favorite, The pita bread is perfect and the staff is great.
5	Love gyros!  This place is very good and quick service is a plus.  I've had the gyro salad, pita, hummus, and I was not disappointed!  I will be back for the falafel.  ;)
5	I've heard a lot of good things about this place but never got around to trying their food until today. Food was amazing and everyone was really friendly! I will definitely be coming back and I'd recommend this place over Pita Jungle anyday! Thank you for the yummy food and awesome service!
4	Tried this place out with my boyfriend and daughter,I ordered the gyros place and my boyfriend ordered the shawarma plate. We arrived an hour before they closed and it took 30mins for our order to come out. Mind you that they close pretty early at 8. So we only had another 30 to eat before they closed. So It was kind of a bummer that our order took so long. When we finally got our food it's pretty much a bang for your buck they give you a pretty good amount of meat and the side of your choice plus two salads and 2 warm pita breads. It was tasty and my tummy was def happy. Defiantly daughter approved for my little one. I also ordered spanakopita.(layered philo dough with a filling of spinach and ricotta cheese or feta maybe..) it was only $1 I was expecting it to be a decent size but nothing too big. What I got was literally a bite size triangle piece of spanakopita. I wish they had made them bigger because I've always wanted to try them thanks to food network and they were so tasty,just not a fan of how bite sized they are. I like the place and where it's located. I docked down a star because it took a long time for our food and the little bite size pie. Other than that I would definitely go back.
3	Saw the amazing reviews but was dissapointed with the food. Got the kebab combo plate with beef kebob and some other beef. Both were very chewy and wasn't as flavorful as I would have imagined. The Pita bread and hummus tasted like it was from costco. The service is amazing but the food is just ok.
4	They have one of those Coca-Cola machines now for a wide selection of beverages. Service is friendly and timely bringing out your food. Still recommend the plates if you are really hungry. Two of their plates can feed my family of 3 no problem. I enjoy the rice more than the fries here too.
5	Our family LOVES LOVES this restaurant!!  We tell everyone.  My daughter requested the chicken pitas for her wedding reception.  It was sooooo reasonably priced and every guest absolutely loved their dinner.  My husband is a huge fan of the chicken kabob plate... I love the Greek Salad Pita.  Their Falafels are the best around and the humus is to die for.  I could go on and on!  And the bread... oh the bread!
5	I remember when they opened this place. It hid some really good food, behind a small strip mall facade. They have become popular enough to remodel and it's really nice inside. My wife and I started doing low carb and we come for steak kabob salads, chicken shawarma salads and a side of gyro meat. The garlic sauce is delicious. TL:DR food is great service is always outstanding
5	The absolute best greek place in the metro phoenix area (including Scottsdale).  The food is always fresh and plentiful.  The only gripe I have is that they haven't yet added Greek Fries to their menu; however, if you request them they will make them for you (Greek Fries are french fries with feta cheese and a greek/herb dressing).  YUMMY!
4	A great independent spot! Delicious gyro, shawarma and humus. We try to get here at least once a month, and that's a 10 mile trip. Well worth the trip!
4	The 1st time coming to this place.    The food was good.   Nice place to relax and just in joy the food.   Price to food was a lot better than I thought it would be.   I would come again.  I will have to come again to give a better review.
4	Been back 3-4 times this year.  And discovered the gyros wrap.  Great!  This place if fine - only one thing keeps them from 5 stars in my book, and that's their Greek salad.  The dressing needs a real improvement. Try the restaurant at Happy Valley and 67th to see what I mean.  But back to Greek Wrap....the people are Great!  The gyros meat is delicious.  Lots of pride in the place and it shows.  Even when they're busy at lunch, they keep the tables and the floor clean.
4	Chicken kabob wrap was really fresh and delicious. Chicken was tender and not overcooked like some places. Worth the wait!
5	Delicious!  I've been here a few times and usually get the gyros, either the plate or the pita.  It's always yummy and super fresh.  The staff is very friendly as well.  I recently tried the $1 add-on bread and that stuff is AMAZING!Even better - they now have the Coke freestyle machine.  Now I can not only have a delicious meal, I can get an orange diet Coke with it.
4	Delicious gyros, always made to order & wrap style (instead of pita) is the best! We eat here often and have always had excellent service.
5	This is a wonderful little place to eat and though we were pretty hungry from a long day, it was great that we found this place and that my husband was opened to trying it.  There were a host of chain restaurants all around, but we wanted something different and a fresh, clean, homemade taste of food and this was the perfect place.The place was packed, the food was absolutely delish!  We love some of the Greek places in the east valley, but the flavor of the food of Greek Wraps was awesome and very good.  The service was excellent and each person was attentive and friendly to us as well as all their other customers.  Excellent customer service.We ordered a plate of Steak Kabobs, which had that with a yellowish type rice, a sauce, pita, a salad, and another dressing that has garlic and I think some cumin in it.  One of the guys there said it's sort of like ranch, but I didn't think it had any semblance to ranch.  My husband, kids and I loved it and fought for the sauce.My daughter and I ordered Gyro Wraps and there is plenty of meat in the wraps, so you'll definitely get your protein worth and a very good price at under $7 for this huge thing.  Our son ordered a Falafael Pita and he really liked it, too and that was really filling for him.We made the mistake of ordering a side of french fries and onion rings, which really was way, way too much food for our family of four and we left there with leftovers and completely stuffed, but very satisfied.The meats were very flavorful and not bland.  And everything tasted like it was homemade and fresh, not the chain restaurant type taste.  We would love to come more frequently, but it's more than 50 miles from where we live, but if we happen to be coming home from Flagstaff, Prescott, Sedona or needing to do something in the NW valley, we'll stop by and grab some food to go.Totally worth every penny and the wait for the food.  If I could give you more stars, I would.  Thank you!!!!
4	Just finished late lunch there. Quite surprised to see so many people @ 3 pm on a Sunday. First, the place looks clean and very much like what we are accustomed in Europe. Second, the menu offers many options to satisfy any hunger. Third, the staff if friendly. Fourth, the food is quite good. Got a gyros plate and never had this quality in Phx area before.Overall, a nice little place if you want to experience a good Greek taste in NW Phx (reference: food tasted in Greece a few years ago).
5	Excellent little place for salads, gyros and shawarma. The food is always good and fresh. The service is always good and the staff has remained consistent over the years which leads me to believe the ownership and management are good.
4	Great Greek food. Awesome staff. I recommend the chicken shawarma wrap and also the falafel plate. So tasty.
5	This place and king gyros are my two go to. I switch off when I'm burnt out of the other lol. All their food is amazing, and Josh has some untouchable customer service skills and is very personable. Go there when you need the greek good fix
5	The food is amazing here. I've been here a few times and love it every time. I ordered the gryro platter and it comes with a Greek salad and rice. I have to say everything was delicious.
5	This is one of my two top dining destinations in the Arrowhead area.  My husband and I make a trip across town at least once a week to indulge in the fresh, healthy menu options.  I have tried several menu items but always lean toward the Lemon Chicken Pita meal-with tender white meat chicken grilled to perfection-juicy and an ample portion.  The servers anticipate our order-which is a nice welcome-in the often impersonal restaurant world.  The food is cooked to order-so sit tight-but it is well worth the wait.  It is a family run business-and all of the employees are personable-and have been there as long as we have been patrons-which speaks to a well run business.  It is always clean and well organized-even when it is busy with customers.
5	This place is AMAZING!! It's always busy when I come here but very worth the wait! I've tried many gyros places around the valley and this one is by far the best! It's very clean, and customer service is top notch!
5	First time here and it was amazing! Tried the steak kabob wrap and it was cooked perfectly. Enjoyed the garlic sauce that came on it. Can't wait to try the rest of the items.
5	My absolute favorite place for lunch, very reasonably priced, clean and has great service!!! Try it if you have not been!
5	This place has excellent food. I love that they have one of those coke machines that has over 100 drinks to choose from. The Falafel, Gyros, & Greek Salad is excellent. We will definitely be back!
5	Ordered a steak kabob wrap & spinakopita and they were both Amazing!  My friend enjoyed his gyro wrap & falafel.  Great service, excellent food.  Will be back...
3	Excellent food as usual.  However, 30min wait to get my food on a Friday night while others that came after me with large orders got theirs first!
5	This was a great little place to grab a bite. The gyros are a good size and very flavorful. They get busy, so don't expect food to come out fast. It is well worth the wait though.
5	I love love this place! Friendly service and amazing food! Love the steak pita and their chicken is so tender. Highly recommend.
3	If you desire a fresh break from Arrowhead Mall's Food Court this might be your destination as all the food we tried seemed fresh and prices seemed very low.This is casual dining. You order at the counter and the food gets ran to you. They advertise they bake their own bread and that is usually a sign of a better place.I tried a Combo Appetizer so I tried a variety of things. The Dolmas were good and the salads were fresh. The Eggplant Dip had way too much tahini in it so much that it was overpowering and heavy for my taste and lacking of eggplant. I prefer eggplant dip when you taste the charred eggplant flavor. The Falafels lacked fresh herbs and tasted very flat but were edible.I should have complained about the Iced Tea. It was Brown Water. My husband tasted it and said it tasted like water too. I was afraid to drink it and was very thirsty.The bread was fresh and seemed good.Overall not the worst and not the best but better than food court food.
5	Best gryo spot in peoria hands down. Not much needed to say but make your way to 73rd n bell and enjoy
5	I ordered a regular pita gyro. That's the first thing I had to try. I was not surprised by how delicious this gyro was! Size portion was generous and not skimpy like other places. Every ingredient was fresh and the meat was juicy!
5	Came with a few people for lunch and they had a good crowd.  Seating was tight but we made it work.   Menu was more authentic than pita jungle.   We ordered falafel, kabob combination plate, hummus, salads and the freshly grilled pita bread (which took a few minutes but was well worth wait).  Prices are very reasonable, portions are large and staff are friendly.  I am not from area but will return when return to the valley.
5	Awesome place, food is fantastic. You can't go wrong with any selection. Although i favor the gyros.
4	Gyro Greek salad was quite large, tasty,  not a great taste to the tzatziki,  too much dill.What I appreciated most about the place, which happens to be a hole in the wall in a strip mall, was the customer service.  Very friendly and cool peeps.I would definitely stop back when I happen to be in Phx.
5	Great place with delicious food! Super clean with a friendly and helpful staff. Try the falafel!
4	One of my favorite places in Glendale. Great food- very fresh.  But bring your patience, food typically takes 30 mins. Best to call ahead for take out orders.
5	Omg this Greek food was amazing. My sister took me hear for lunch when I was visiting. I ordered a chicken pita sandwich (can't remember the name ) it was spectacular. So filling and every single bite was delicious. I even went back to the same place and ordered the same meal, the very next day! Customer service was good, a lot of smiles and genuine concern for the customers . A gem in Glendale. Give it a try!
3	This place is really really good. The only reason I'm docking two stars is because I've come around lunch twice and both times they've messed up my order. Nonetheless this place is great for a chicken kabob pita wrap. Also, the lady (the owner I believe) dropping off orders around lunch is a little rude and in a rush. I asked her when she dropped off my wrap if it was a chicken kabob and she replied "whatever you ordered that's what it is" and my order was wrong.
4	The two things that set this place apart from all the other similar "Greek" restaurants that have popped up in every strip mall are freshly baked bread and customer service. They offer wraps in two sizes, small and large. I would only buy the large size which comes with freshly baked bread baked right in front of you in a clay oven. Almost anything is good in the menu. The customer service is excellent so that you always feel welcome.
5	Love the gyro and the steak shwarma. The classic greek salad is yummy as well. They are super great with substitutions too! Hummus is way better than across the street at pita jungle. I would love if they delivered but the service is always so nice and friendly it makes up for it! If you're ordering fries ask for them extra crispy, or else they are a little too soft.
3	Every time I go into this restruant is always so busy. The food is delicious and one of a kind. But the service could use some inprovement ... When I ordered I wanted to get a gryo with fries the meal but the girl cut me off very quickly and didn't even try to up sale me to the meal so I had to go back in line to order my side. Also they call out number orders when they should give out table #s because its very hard to hear in there and I couldn't hear them yelling for any number over the crowd so having the table number would help people get there food faster. Lastly they did not quote me a time my food would be done for a Togo. I waited for 40 minutes to get my order not knowing when I  would get it. All in all good food poor service. Nice people just need to get things in order.
5	Very good steak gyro wrap! The bread was the best part and tasted fantastic! My new gyro spot in az. Also it's a good amount of food given so you're full when you leave
5	The WRAPS are to die for!!  They make them in house. don't get the store bought pita.
5	The food here is amazing. They make their pitas from scratch as you order, the food is cooked perfectly and garnished beautifully.  Honestly the best gyros in the country from my experience.
5	Glendale is pretty limited with non-chain restaurants so finding this place was amazing!All of the kabob plates, the gyro plate, and chicken and steak shwarma plates are delicious! They seem to be relatively busy all the time, so it's great to call in for pick-up on busy nights like Friday! Easily became one of my favorite Glendale restaurants. If you haven't tried it, TRY IT! Friendly staff, too!
5	Visited tonight...We ordered take out it felt very authentic.  We got the falafel pita, salad, chicken kabob pita, spinakapita, & dolmades. The falafels were ah-mazing....the best I ever had in AZ maybe even ever!! From NY, so a bit of a food snob! Salad was fresh and light!!! The spinakapita was also fabulous...(yum yum yum,is what my brain kept saying as I slowly ate them)....wish they would make this on a larger portion as an entree not just an appetizer! Daughter had the chicken and she really enjoyed it as well! I also tried the dolmades and they were good, not the best but OK. The guy who took our order was super friendly, actually all of them were. Good vibe!!!We didn't order the gyro but noticed they thinly shave the meat off the spit too.Great place and when I am out here in the area, I will definitely be back!!!
5	Love this place. They have the best food.  Always so friendly and always so courtesy towards their customers.  I recommend the combo kabob.  So yummy.
5	Finally got my husband to come here ......and was it ever worth it. I'm vegetarian, so it's hard to find food that's tastes good let alone great and not part of a chain ..... and this place was so so so  good! I had the Greek Caesar wrap (light onion) and it was terrific. The bread was warm and fresh... and plenty of it. The unsweetened black tea was generic - I wish they could improve on that as I love my iced tea! My husband ordered the Chicken Caesar  Salad and he loved his. The chicken was spiced just enough and the bread also warm and fresh....he loved his and said most definitely we would be back.The staff is very friendly and personable. The place itself is clean and the music wasn't too loud.  The place was pretty full at 6:30 and everyone was smiling saying how they really liked what they had ordered. Some ordered in advance and took it out. Definitely worth your while!
4	Great food and service. Must try the steak kabob plate and if u like chicken as well. Get the combo plate! Very filling so no need to order any extra.
5	My dad and I had the gyro meals which I'd s stuffed pita with lots of gyro meat taziki sauce lettuce and tomato.  Drinks and salad fries or rice.  Dad had theese salad and I got the rice  food was great. Very fresh and filling.   They have a very good menu.  Nicely priced.  They also do a killer takeout crowd
5	I've been to this place many times.  I go out of my way to eat there.  Staff is wonderful.  Food is consistently wonderful.  Great food.  Great service.  Reasonable price.  What more can you ask for.
4	So yummy! I get 1 gyro and order an extra pita. They put enough meat in 1 that you can split into 2!
4	my wife been after me to go to Greek Wraps forever, finally, we went last night, she had the Falafel salad, I, the streak shawarma, loved both to the extent of eating everything they put on our tray. I asked about the cut of meat for the steak Kabob,the young man that was expediting the food offered us to sample, although, it wasn't from tenderloin, otherwise, they would have to charge double, it was tender, delicious, and generous sample portion, the Greek Wrap offers  whole food made fresh, truly healthier eating option. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars, they can do little better with serving utensil, especially, the foam plates. we will defiantly be back again and again.    thanks for the hospitality
5	Nice location. Good food. Fresh pita bread. You can't go wrong with this place. Busy during lunch time but it worth it.
4	I highly recommend this place if you are ever around the phoenix area.  I ordered the chicken Kabob plate and portions were pretty huge.  As part of the meal, I got a side of salad and a side of hummus mixed with Pita.  I didn't care too much for the salad but the Hummus is delicious.  The pita bread is warm so it's not like most places where they just took it out the fridge.  Also, this was the first place I went they used the high end soda machines (the ones at AMC theatres).
5	Seriously good. always busy.  Killer Chicken Kabob plate with rice and salad.Fast and friendly.  Usually get to go so I can eat it while watching "Judge Judy" or yum, yum....mmmmm yummy Yum "The Megyn Kelly File."I wish it was open late until midnight, but hey 8 pm is all they will give, then that's all I'll get.Fast, Fresh, and so Tasty (TWSS).
5	Really awesome. Staff is great, food great, pita really great. (I sound like Tony the Tiger ... there're great!). Anyway, I'll find myself here more often because it's clean, yummy, and it appears that all the customers were enjoying the food.
5	Great place to eat,  staff is great and really fast. Thanks for the great service I have been back and every time I go back I always get the same great service.
5	OMG... This place is a real deal. My hubby from Chicago who knows "real Greek" was impressed. Must try... Hummus. You can have a small order for $.50 which will go perfect with your pita. Oh, make sure to ask for a fresh pita for $1 more. Their 10 inch pita is home made vs. 7 inch is store kind pita (still good though...) a few additional tips; they close early like 8 pm. Also they make their food fresh so you will have to wait a while for your food.
5	This was the best lunch I have had in Peoria since I started working here six months ago. The chicken kebab pita was delicious. Very fresh pita, flavorful chicken and good service. The restaurant was mobbed at lunch, but the food came quickly and the manager even managed to ask how my meal was. It is clearly a well run and popular establishment.
5	This place is just plain awesome!  People are friendly and the food is delicious and the prices are extremely fair!  So come on in and give it a shot...you won't be disappointed!  Let Josh put a smile on your face...he is hillarious!
4	The food is good. Portion size is BIG! Wait-time during lunch hours is kind of long. Restaurant is clean and staff is friendly enough. Definitely a recommendation.
5	We love this place. Excellent falafel and shawarma and gyros. Fast service. Friendly service. Nice! We recommend it.
5	Love this place! Can get busy especially at lunch but that is because it is soo good!
5	I highly recommend this place if you are around the area. They have the best shawarmas. The garlic sauce adds to the magic! Absolutely love the chicken shawarma and the fish shawarma.
5	I'm a big fan of Greek food so this place was pretty much an Oasis for my family and me. We've been going to this place for about three to four years now and the quality of food has stayed consistent along with the amazing customer service. The place is small and gets very busy especially during lunch and dinner so finding a seat can be difficult. There is seating outside which is better for the cooler months in Arizona or summer nights once the sun has went down. I've ordered a variety off the menu but my favorite would have to be the Gyro Wrap. The pita bread is good, but the wrap is made with the house bread which is baked fresh every day. The gyro meat can be seen being sliced in the kitchen which I think is cool. The tzatziki sauce is awesome and I would definitely recommend order an extra side of sauce for your meal. It costs $0.50 but totally worth it in my opinion. The Chicken Wrap is just as good in my opinion. The meat is always well seasoned and juicy. This is a good option for someone who is new to Greek food and may not be a fan of very strong flavors like the typical gyro meat contains. Recently I tried the Ground Beef Kabob Plate which comes with hummus and three pieces of beef kabob on a bed of rice. The hummus is great, and I'm actually not a big fan of hummus in general. The rice is okay. There isn't too much flavor to it, but it's definitely not bad. The first time I tried this plate I must have had a fluke because the kabob was unfortunately tried out, but I could tell there was flavor. I gave the beef kabob another chance but this time in a Ground Beef Wrap and it was to die for. Might be my new favorite thing! The meat was more flavorful than I remember and super juicy. I've only tried their baklava once but it was delicious and cheap. I could have had five of those things. All in all, I love this place. I miss it whenever I go away for college and demand at least one meal there when I visit the family. The customer service is consistently phenomenal and have yet had a bad experience with the employees.
