4	This place pleasantly surprised me.  After you pick up your luggage, you go outside and go to the car rental shuttle areas.  The shuttle came fairly quickly, put my heavy bag in the shuttle and took around 15 minutes to go to a new car rental structure, away from the airport.  It looked pretty high tech and new.  I went to the Enterprise area and only had one other ahead of me.  The person did all the paperwork, took my bag and walked me downstairs to where the cars were located.  I was past to another who took me to the car to inspect it.  Then she told me how to get to the major hwy.  How customer service is that?!!?  Amazing with the personal service.
5	After using Hertz a couple times, I knew that I had to change rental car companies.  I hit the motherload.  I have heard the rumors about Enterprise...they hire a lot of college grads, they wear suits, they are friendly...yeah, yeah, yeah.  Well, the truth be told, this is the best rental car company and rental car experience I have had.They were very quick to get through the line, upgraded me for cheap, did not try and upsell me on insurance and gas, and sent me on my way.  When I reached downstairs, a little guy in a suit grabbed me a bottle of water and took me to my car.  We did the walk around and he gave me a map and directions to the 202.  All in all, it was quick, efficient and very friendly.  I will never use Hertz again at Phoenix Sky Harbor.  Enterprise it is!
1	Enterprise promotes an atmosphere that they will take any reservation whether or not they have a car (See Seinfeld). They also do not have set rates and you rarely get the same quote, try calling the Enterprise down the street as you will get a different rate if you want to see for yourself. I rent a lot and now go to Priceline or Hotwire. I can typically get a car for about 17 per day. I would stay away from ERAC unless you have no other options.
5	dear aaron,just wanted to say thank you for starting our desert vacay off right.  do you remember us?  the two hyper little chinese girls who reserved a chevy aveo but wanted to upgrade to a mustang?  you said you had one available and could hook it up.  we got super excited and asked if you had a convertible.  you made a couple calls downstairs to the garage, and wait... what?  there's one available?  yessss, we'll take it!  then, as we went downstairs with our paper work to pick up our car, who else was there to meet us but you?  now that we think about it, if no one was down there, who were you making those calls to?no matter, because you hooked it up with a convertible.  you promptly gave us our keys, and...wait, what?  A CHRYSLER SEBRING?A F-ING CHRYSLER SEBRING?  YOU SLY LITTLE SALESGUY YOU!  what kinda bet did you win with your coworkers for renting out a chrysler sebring to people under the age of 60, huh?  ey, whatever you got from it, you better shoot us some!man.  hil-fuckin-larious.  i guess we're already acting like dbags, why not just douche it out to the max with a black convertible chrysler sebring? in the desert?  thank you for not sticking us with the leather seats, btw.  you got us all set up with our top down ready to go.  you said to just show the yellow slip to the guy at the booth and he'll let us out.  when we rolled up to the booth, you came running over!  YOU are the guy at the booth!  you're fuckin' amazing, you ONE MAN SHOW, you!dude, you had us cracking up.  thanks for the free bottles of water.  even though you just pulled them out from the fridge, they were warm-ish, but we're not complaining.  i mean, we're in a con-verrrrr-tible!! (by this point we were so hyper that we were singing "we're in a con-verrrrr-tible" to t-pain's "i like the barr-rrr-tender")sorry we didnt come through to your bbq with your coworkers the next day.wait... did you invite us just so you can prove that you rented out the company joke!?  HAHA!love,helen and carolyn.
2	Wow, the other reviews here might be from local renters, because I have rented cars several times here at Sky Harbor and the Enterprise operation is easily the worst at this airport.  You get to stand in line at one counter upstairs with every third golfer in the world, while three admittedly cheerful but way too slow employees work their way through the EIGHTEEN parties in line in front of me--I am not exaggerating, it was a weekday and there were EIGHTEEN people in line at this Enterprise counter in front of me, and the line took 30 full agonizing minutes to wind its way to me.Then, the upsells started.  Don't I want a class up from "intermediate" for $5 bucks a day more?  Even though the company was paying for this rental, I said no.   Don't I want this that and the other thing?  Am I sure I don't want to upgrade?  This car won't have electric mirror controls!  After painstakingly assuring the upseller that I had no intention of upgrading, he finally and regretfully gave me my contract and sent me to the escalator to go down to my car, where I found out I had to wait at YET ANOTHER COUNTER, this time to be chatted up by two more cheery, bustling employees.  Yes, they offered me a bottle of water, but this was all taking way, way, way too long.  Another upsell attempt (when did the little Sentra become an intermediate?); fending off inquiries from the vaguely missionaryesque dudes at the counter about why I came to Phoenix and what line of work I'm in and do I golf; the second (actually third) guy finally walked me to my car, where we had to do a full pre-flight walkaround.  I mean, there was constant scribbling in contracts.  Jeeminy Christmas, this is taking 45 minutes at this point!FINALLY they let me go!  Look, this rental car center is TOO FAR from the airport, but that isn't Enterprises's fault.  But knowing that people are already annoyed with the bus ride and the queuing of the bus out front while the clock ticks up and the air traffic controller-like ground crew waves the bus into it's enormous dock out front, couldn't Enterprise do something to speed up the queue, the checkout process, and the getting-you-on-the-road part?
5	I've rented from them all the times I go out to PHX, and they always blow me away with how great they are.  Last time I was out there, I made a reservation on a full-size car and the lady that was helping me, started laughing and said, "Come on, I know you don't want to rent a Ford Taurus now or do you?", "Well what are my options..", I replied.  She walked me through the long line of Taurus's, and said, "Well...pick whatever you want for the same price."  I walked around for a bit and a black Chysler 300 caught my eye, and I got it for the same price as the Taurus.  They always upgrade my rental for me for free, it seems...I guess you just need to be really chill, laid back, and very polite.  I'm usually in and out of there in no time...no waiting time.
2	First, except for the golfers and a slightly longer wait, just read Kevin S's review.  I just don't understand this customer service model.These are tough economic times and when my company's rental deal with Enterprise spits out a slightly cheaper deal than Hertz, I figure I should take the cheaper route.  Who am I to take the more expensive option so that I can be treated to a seamless rental experience?  What kind of blue-blood do I think I am?This is just becoming the same story over and over and over again.   The saga continues.  When will this dim-witted Ohioan learn?This time I was stunned at the "dual counter strategy".  Two times to hit you with the up-sell.  The next comical moment came after checking in for a compact car upstairs, I get downstairs and I'm told they have no compact cars ready, but they will be clean in 10 minutes.  I had an appointment in 15 minutes and wasn't sure exactly how to get there, so the answer was "I can't wait 10 MORE minutes, thanks".  To which I was told I could take a minivan for the same price.  What do I look like, a hockey mom?  I took it.  I had to go.  This is like uncool dude hell.Like Casey C. said, this place has the Seinfeld car rental approach.  You can take the reservation, you just don't know how to HOLD the reservation.  And isn't that the most important part?
4	Although there was a long line, the line moved at a brisk pace.  The sales people were nice however I do have to agree with the other yelpers that they try to "up sell" way too much.  I politely declined and then after going downstairs to pick up our vehicle another sales guy try to up sell us again.  I just told them all we need is a A to B car.  Don't care if its nice.  The funny thing is that we got upgraded for free because our "economy" car was not ready so we got a free upgrade!Overall service was good and convenient but I have to say that the whole process took about 30 to 40 minutes from standing in line at the counter to driving away in the car.  Also be warned that the Car Rental terminal is about a 10-15 min bus ride from Sky Harbor.
5	No line. Instant happy service (by the manager too)! Super deal on an upgrade. Now we're rolling in style in Scottsdale! :)But that isn't why this Enterprise gets a 5 star rating. They give out a little brochure that tells you how to quickly get to the freeway, that you can actually read and use right now, AND on the back it is a breakdown of all the local radio stations! Good lord almighty how hard was that to do? EASY! And why is this the very first time in my hundreds of rentals from every brand that I got this? I love it! This little added extra "thinking about how to make the customers trip a little easier" was awesome!Bonus points for the bottles of water. I know another reviewer took them down a notch for it, but I got off the airplane already a couple of pints low and dehydrating at a rapid pace. This is a common thing here so by Craig giving us the water he was helping start the trip off right!Thanks!
5	The best service we have received yet renting a car. Stephen waited on us. I have serious health issues and he was patient and listened to our needs and exceeded them! The line was short. No pressure to upgrade, as so often the case.
4	Unsure of what kind of service to expect at 11pm I was pleasantly surprised. I was assisted quickly through a short line and then descended to the other floor to pick up a car. I was given a free upgrade a drove a fun Nissan Cube for the weekend. Upon returning with the car we were in and out in 2 minutes. Smooth sailing (driving) experience.
4	Initially was going to give Enterprise only 2 or 3 stars due to the check-in pleasantry of their system not accepting my credit card, however, the service provided leads me to give at least a 4 star review.Regarding check-in, the Enterprise archaic credit card system would not take my heavily abused card. It is important to note I did not have problems with my card at the other 10+ merchants on my vacation. The representative stated it was not possible to enter the card manually into the system and thus had to provide by GF's card. That was lots of fun, let me tell you.However, things later improved...- We received free water bottles prior to being escorted to our vehicle.- The car we got was brand new with only 5 miles on it with 28+ mpg as advertised.- No issues with the vehicle.- Return was super quick with them scanning in the barcode, inspecting, and printing a receipt right on the spot.- Car was dirty from 12 days of use and quite happy Enterprise does not require you to bring in a clear (car washed, vacuumed) car back. We did check before leaving for our trip.- No issues with the shuttle and Enterprise made sure you knew were you were going (asking if we needed directions before leaving and advising on the terminal # after dropping the car off).Would do business again (or hope hotwire gives Enterprise next time as well).
2	Wow, could Enterprise make its business model any more excruciating for the customer? The whole experience of renting a car from this Enterprise was something akin to interacting for an extended period of time with children dressed up in suits, playing business. Okay, maybe not children, but imagine that annoying kid on your high school debate team who talked incessantly about his plans to attend Georgetown law school even though he was only 16. That was my Enterprise representative. He actually reached across the counter to shake my hand, asked me probing questions about the nature of my trip and made sexist remarks about the fact that I was traveling for work. Anyway, Enterprise appears to mistakenly believe that its customers will welcome scripted faux-friendly chitchat with its silly employees, an excessive amount of paperwork and being forced to combat pressure to buy various insurance policies and upgrade, even when it's obviously unnecessary. UGH. All that said, the little Nissan or whatever they gave me was fine for a few little trips around town and I had no hassles returning the car.
5	I always felt like renting a car was such a daunting task; that is until I rented from Enterprise in the Phoenix Airport.Rental Car counters have a separate 'terminal' at the airport.  A convenient shuttle takes you for about an 8 minute ride.  You enter a building just as large as some airport terminals, it is new and spacious. Each rental company has its own space.  Upon entering Enterprise, there were about 6 people in front of me, so I figured I was in for a long haul.  I have never seen a rental car line move so fast. The agents were quick, efficient and friendly.  Once the paperwork was done, I was directed to go downstairs where I would be met by an agent.Downstairs, another counter and I was greeted pleasantly and told someone would be right with me.  In the mean time, help myself to some bottled water for the road.  A minute later, another employee comes in, introduces herself and shakes my hand.  She brings me to the lot making small talk and shows me all the cars I have an option of. We inspected the car together, I signed the form and I was on my way.The return was just as pleasant.  Again quick and easy with such pleasant employees.  Upon leaving both times, we were asked at the gate how everything was and how we liked the service.  Other businesses can learn a thing or 2 about customer service from Enterprise PHX.
4	Enterprise's customer service blew us away.  We arrived on Easter Sunday to a clean facility, short line and speedy assistance.  The counter rep was friendly and helpful,  and we were welcomed with a courteous greeting and bottles of cold water when we went downstairs to pick up our car.  Another rep showed us several cars  to choose from and answered our questions with patience and professionalism.  Returning the car was just as easy.I removed one star because the rep made a point of emphasizing that Arizona is a "no-fault" state and we'd be liable for lost use of the car if it landed in the shop, regardless of whether the other driver was at fault.  With over $200 in added insurance and a $10 a day upgrade, our original weekly rental of $197 burgeoned into well over $525.  I don't blame Enterprise - we should have researched our liability in advance.  But they do prey upon travelers' anxiety when they're eager to hit the road and start their vacations.  It's a scam.
5	To poor traveling college students and peeps under 25.Following an absolute disaster at Advantage (previous review), I was lucky Enterprise rented me a car.  I'm quite certain lightning does strike the same spot twice.  Overall I managed to get a better car for less; you can't really ask for more.  I had the friendliest and most helpful service rep.  Basically Advantage wouldn't rent me a car given payment plan, while Enterprise asked for $10 (given my age) and a departing flight itinerary (to make sure I won't steal their car and drive it across country?).Since I only needed the car for like 5 hours, the rep upgraded me from a economy car to Ford Fusion for free. REALLY?!  I had to use my hand to keep my mouth shut from the excitement.To top it all off, when you pick up the car, they offer complimentary water bottles.  Perfect for the excruciating hot Phoenix.  So if you need a car, don't have a reservation and your day is completely in the gutter, let Enterprise come to the rescue.
1	How to turn a potential 4 star review into an instant one star review.  Everything went pretty well when we rented our car from Enterprise.  I don't blame them for the long bus ride from the airport to the rent a car center or the poor signage at the airport for how to get there.  I don't even completely blame them for the fact that our car smelled like cigarette smoke.  But turning the nice little Toyota Camary in after a pleasant Thanksgiving vacation and being told that I had damaged the car was one way to ensure that I never do business with them again.When I pulled into the lot and got my bags out of the car a cute little girl with a slide rule and a electronic gadget came over to do a walk around.  No problem so far as I'm concerned since the car was either parked in my sister's yard all alone in Mesa or in the valet section of the MGM Grand in Vegas what could possibly have happened?That's when she told me about the "dings" on both the passenger and driver side doors and asked me if I had noticed them in our first walk around when we picked the car up.  "Did I see them then? I don't even see them now." I said.  So she walked me down to the corner of the car so I could look down the side of the car and see where the light refracts a little where the ding can be seen.  "Seriously?"  I was immediately dumbfounded and angry.  (Which, by the way, is a sure sign of poor customer service.)  So I asked to talk to her manager.  She said sure but he would tell me the same thing.  She called him and rolled her eyes.When he showed up I told her specifically not to tell him what she was seeing and asked him if HE could find it.  After he had a little trouble spotting it she went against my specific instructions and told him where it was causing me to go ballistic.  (Another sign of a poor customer experience!)  I launched into the whole sister's yard, valet parking lot thing and added a bit about stopping by Target for 20 mins to pick up some Fabreze to get rid of the tobacco smell.  And he started to back her up, until I made it clear that even though they had me over the barrel because I had a flight to catch this was completely unreasonable and seemed like a scam.  If they want to really provide a service they should have that same eagle eyed attention to detail on the initial walk around, but if I have to be the one on the defensive from day 1 and feeling like I have to wrap the car in bubble wrap to prevent getting dinged when I bring it back then they can consider me a lost customer.  After my tirade the manager decided I was not going to pay and he said we were good to go.  Too little too late.  National has never asked me to do a walk around, in case you are wondering who to use instead.  I just bring my own bottled water.The other Kevin S.Update:  I had to use Enterprise in Issaquah, WA when my car was being repaired and the service was pretty good. The 1 star rating is for the Phoenix Enterprise office at the Airport.
5	The Enterprise Rent-A-Car is located a short distance from the airport along with all of the other rental car companies. There is a shuttle to and from the airport that is free, fast and super convenient. I don't know about Kevin's experience but my experience was great. Multiple shuttles were waiting for us when we got off the airplane and multiple shuttles were waiting to take us back to the airport when we returned our car. The rental building is also close by, not far away as Kevin indicated. It is maybe a 15-20 minute ride, if that, to and from the airport and rental building. The employees at Enterprise were friendly and got me into a great car and on my way fast. They upgraded me into a new Dodge Charger for no additional cost and it was a great car to drive. I would highly recommend Enterprise and encourage you to give them a try.
4	Maybe it's just Arizona, but I found the people here to be incredibly friendly.  I made a reservation in advance for a compact car, but due to limited availability and a really good deal on an Eclipse convertible, I upgraded at a really low price.  All of the employees I interacted with were very pleasant and willing to give advice, as needed, on places to go.  I especially like that they walked out to the car with me and showed me how to bring down the top.  I probably would have been sitting there for 10 miniutes trying to figure it out.
4	I had a great experience renting with Enterprise in Phoenix.  I approached the rental with no little trepidation given:1. Phoenix's reputation for high car rental surcharges2. Enterprise's low pricesMy concerns were groundless.  Our daily rental rate for a sleek 2012 Mazda 6 that handled like a dream was ~$35/day after all taxes, fees and facility surcharges.  We paid $8 for the upgrade (from an economy car), and it was completely worth itWe had absolutely no issues with pick-up or drop-off and the entire staff was courteous, professional and helpful.  They even gave us water bottles for the road!PARTING THOUGHT: Be sure to take advantage of the free loyalty program, Enterprise Plus.  With the special priority line, we breezed through to the counter (even though there were 8 or so people waiting in the regular line)!  They also send you coupons for free upgrades, etc.
5	Tons of people in line when I got off the plane, expected a long wait, manager apologized a few times while waiting, they moved us through much faster than I expected, gave me a bottle of water while waiting for my car, upgraded my car to mid-size as they were out of economy at no charge, and I think I paid under $50 for a car for 3 days.
5	I generally despise car rental companies and the tricks they try to pull, but I was extremely surprised with how nice Enterprise at PHX is.  Phoenix is an extremely expensive city to rent a car in (taxes, fees, whatever the airport decides to milk customers for). I briefly considered taking a cab to my hotel and renting from a neighborhood Enterprise location, but found a great rate on Enterprise's website a few weeks before my trip. I reserved a compact car and it was cheaper than any of the other providers, including Fox and Advantage. Reading the reviews of Fox and Advantage there was no way I would rent from them.I got a great deal even during the Phoenix Open golf tournament. At noon on a Friday all the rental kiosks had lines, I was dreading this. Enterprise moved quicker than any of the other ones. The check in agent at the counter was very pleasant and didn't upsell anything or try to play any tricks. Quick and painless! They swipe your credit card upstairs and you go down an long escalator to pick up your car.  At the foot of the escalator a very friendly gentleman boomed "grab a bottle of water, it's free! You're in the desert, you need to stay hydrated!" Very nice touch.The Mike L., rep that helped me select a car was really nice and let me pick out a car in my class that fit my style. I asked if it had an iPod jack so I could plug my iPhone in and listen to music. He literally dug through the dashboards of two separate cars before finding one that did.  That right there is awesome customer service. Mike was knowledgable about local traffic laws (No texting, red light cameras in Tempe and Scottsdale, etc) and he spent a long time going over the car with me. Brand new car with less than 500 miles AND an iPod jack? Jackpot!Dropping off the car was simple. A two-second look over and I had a receipt in my hand before I had my suitcase out of the trunk. Boom. Done. Easy.  If every car rental experience were like this, there would probably be no wars in the world. I mean that!Let's recap:1) Quick moving line2) Free water, because you're in the desert, afterall!3) Mike L. is the most knowledgable and patient rental agent ever4) Brand new car with the features I wanted5) all of the above at cost LESS than any of the other other rental companies during a major event at PHX
5	I was very impressed with the customer service at Enterprise PHX Airport.  First off, I find it a bit of a pain to rent a car from the airport in Phoenix because you have to take a 10-15 min shuttle to the rental car location (but this is the same for all rental car companies at Phoenix Airport).  That issue aside, check-in went smoothly, when we walked over to pick up the car, we were greeted by an employee sporting a suit.  He offered us a bottle of chilled water which was greatly appreciated.  He went over the aspects and condition of the vehicle.  Very polite young man.  Upon our return, the same young man in a suit happened to be the one who welcomed us back.  Very friendly service, and it wasn't just the young man we dealt with.  All employees I observed were very polite and friendly.  I will definitely book with Enterprise again.
5	Based on online info it LOOKED like Hertz was less expensive so we reserved with Hertz. After finding we would be charged an extra $13 a day more for spouse to drive we walked over to Enterprise. We found a very helpful woman who explained the high surcharges and taxes etc in Phoenix and even with those fees we got a car from Enterprise for $284 all included. For this same car the cost at Hertz was $425!!All the Enterprise staff were very helpful. Nice touches like free water. When we turned in our car they gave us a Card for a free 2 level upgrade next time we rent as a Thank you for switching from Hertz. But that switch was its own reward!
3	still NO ELECTRIC vehicles to rent in Phoenix yet. Also very few hybrids so you have to use a lot of gas while renting. Someday we will have more choices.
5	From the front desk to the parking lot, customer service was THE BEST! I actually signed up for a yelp account just to rave about them!
5	I'm writing this review based upon our recent car rental at the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport.  I have been renting cars for over 30 years, and this experience was by FAR the BEST I've had.  Overall, we had an excellent experience and I am now a pretty big fan of Enterprise.  Like another Yelper pointed out, I generally despise these companies and their over-bloated corporate ways to suck money out of you.  Now, I have to say that I booked this rental using Priceline, which was a bargain.....$59 'out the door' for a brand new compact car for 2 full days.  Bear in mind, the rental expenses add up in Phx, mostly due to the FREE shuttle to and from the Airport and Rental Facility and the ongoing airport construction/911 fees, taxes, etc....... This 15 minute shuttle runs flawlessly though, and I highly recommend you utilize it it to rent from the nearby Sky Harbor airport.  You can literally walk out to the airport curb to the middle islands, and catch a free shuttle every 10 minutes.  It drops you off at the nearby rental car facility where all the rental companies are located.  Can't beat the convenience of that!    The wait in the long Enterprise rental line moved quickly upon our arrival, as there were 4 agents quickly managing patrons.  My transaction at the counter went very smoothly, and there was no undue added pressure to buy the overpriced insurance or unneeded damage waiver that these agencies normally try to impose on you, even if you decline it.  (As long as you have decent auto insurance, and use a good credit card like the AE, you're automatically covered for these matters, and you can spare that added expense and spend your money elsewhere.)  Staff at the counter facility was very friendly, and definitely kept people happy.  I was shocked that I didn't have to sign anything at the counter. Nor did they swipe my card at that time.     We took the escalator down to the cars, got handed 3 bottles of COLD bottled water for each of us (a very nice and unexpected gesture); got checked out pretty quickly and even got to pick our car, which was an almost brand new Ford Focus in excellent shape.  Staff was very friendly and helpful with directions on how to get out, and with one swipe of the card and a tiny signature we were on our way.  Had no problems with the rental during our stay.  Upon return, we parked, unloaded and made it out of the facility in 5 minutes after a quick check of the car.  We got our receipt on the spot.  Staff was very friendly, and even asked if they could have done anything better for us during each of my transactions.  I thought that was pretty classy of them to ask.  I told them everything went well, and thanked the rep.  Enterprise definitely has their Ship together!  I wouldn't hesitate doing business with them when I return.
5	Quick and easy. Loved the service, thank you for taking care of my rental needs in a professional manner. This location takes the time to make you feel welcomed. I rented a vehicle for a week while on business, flew back home for the weekend and came back the following week. The same garage greeter said hi to me and made reference to his co-workers that I was one of their frequent customers. The staff handed me a bottled water to help me cool off and relax while we finalized the check out process. I can't say anything bad about this location. What's funny is that I'm from California and each time I rented on these past two trips they gave me California cars without even realizing they had CA plates.
5	I made our reservation with Enterprise a couple months in advance via carrentals.com.  The reviews here helped me choose Enterprise and I'm SO glad I did.  I always check back every couple weeks to make sure the price hasn't come down, and sure enough, I saved almost $100 by doing that this time.Once we got to the rental kiosk, we had excellent service.  This guy not only gave us a free upgrade (because he didn't feel my tall husband would fit well in the small SUV we rented), he also gave us a further discount which made our rental even cheaper!There was no cheapness in the vehicle however.  We got to choose which one of the 3 we wanted (Chevy, Dodge or Jeep).  Latifah did a fantastic job of getting us settled in and on our way (love the free cold bottles of water!).  The car was spotless inside and out.  We actually felt guilty bringing it back so dirty from our travels in the parks of AZ and UT.  The return went just as smoothly and the customer service was again outstanding.Enterprise is a family-owned business, and it's obvious they care a great deal about service and their reputation.  We are believers!
3	now in Tempe Enterprize one of my friends rented a Nissan LEAF for 2 weeks. You have to ask and hope you get the person who can connect you up.Maybe the Tesla will be available for renting some day.
5	Not since the invention of the leopard-print Snuggie had I ever had such a comfortable experience with a product and/or service. For a large corporation they are very personable and will do almost anything to help you with your rental experience whether it's an unexpected upgrade or downgrade or last-minute changes in your schedule. The Kia Optima I rented was spotless with a full tank and ran like a brand new car off the lot. It also changed my opinion on Kia's being the Korean version of a Pinto.Keep your eyes on rates at different locations well before your trip. They tend to fluctuate quite a bit depending on demand and also note the fees and taxes because they do add up.The Skyharbor car rental garage is also one of the most organized airport facilities I've ever been to. I'm from NY so my expectations on things like this are shattered and beaten up on a regular basis. :*(
5	I was impressed with Enterprise last week.  I always dread the airport and renting cars because in my experiences, they have always been a "Charlie Foxtrot".  Anyways, I took the shuttle form the airport over expecting a mess but it was simple.  I paid upstairs and headed down the escalator for the simplest car rental in history.  I handed my paperwork to the guy, another guy took me to the available cars, and BAM I was in a...wait for it..wait for it....a FIAT!  They are so hideously ugly that I knew being in another state was my only way to pull it off without tinted windows and shame.  The one annoyance that I think Enterprise should clarify is the semi-con job on auto insurance.  My insurance, and most peoples, covers rental cars.  I got all set to go and then this question of if I want whole coverage or liability and then handed a pen.  After he made it sound almost like a necessity he stated that it was merely an option.  Obviously part of his job to upsell but I hope they are ethical with it and explain it to families and senior citizens without making them feel that it's obligatory to but insurance, because it's not if you have it.  Bringing the car back was simple.  A guy met me at the car, looked it over, printed off a receipt and made sure everything was correct.  Overall friendly service and hassle free.  Oh, and the FIAT was actually sort of fun in a slow sort of way.
5	Phoenix Airport has their stuff together! Everyone renting a car will get on the same shuttle bus and be transported to the same parking garage. Each company has it's own floor of the garage. What a novel idea! I found this so much easier than waiting around for your rental company shuttle to pick you up. And since the bus was airport maintained, it was very clean. The staff at Enterprise was very friendly and allowed me to chose any car I wanted from the lot. I was asked numerous times how service was and they sincerely wanted to be sure I was 100% satisfied with everything before driving away. As for the car, it was well maintained and exactly what we needed. The return process was just as simple. We returned the car 3 hours earlier than our reservation and we were not charged for that time. Enterprise had the cheapest rate of 6 major companies I checked online. That coupled with fantastic service means I'll use them for my next rental need!
5	The prices are unbeatable (even compared to public transit depending on where you're going). It's the cheapest way to travel in Phoenix. Get their weekend rates $9/day. The customer service surpassed expectations!
4	I've rented cars a few times from this location.  It's one of the most efficient Enterprise rental locations I've seen.  You check in at the counter on the main level, then go down the escalator to pick up your car.  I like how the employees greet you when you get off the escalator then escort you to a variety of cars for you to select.  On two recent road trips I drove a new Toyota Camry and a new Nissan Altima.  The Camry drove really well and had paddle shifts on the wheel, which gave me something to play with during the trip.Overall, I've had a very good experience with this rental location.  It's definitely at the top of my list when considering renting a car.Return Factor - 91%
5	I've used Enterprise three times now and the experience has always been great no matter which state I'm in.  The folks at Phoenix Sky Harbor Enterprise, however, really went above and beyond for me, ensuring my repeat business and glowing recommendation. My guy and I decided to rent a compact to do our annual trek back to the midwest for the holidays, so I showed up at the Enterprise kiosk with a vague notion of a tiny, tin can, extremely poor traction for the snow we'd be sure to encounter car.  After greeting me and asking a few questions about our trip, employee and manager-in-training Ben. H. guided me towards an Elantra.  I can't get over this, you guys- he listened to me while I was talking, processed what I was saying, and then responded to my concerns by considering what he had in stock and picking something that addressed those concerns specifically.  Plus, the car had satellite radio as a free bonus.  How often does that happen in retail?!  The car was great.  We drove through an actual blizzard and loaded the poor thing down with presents, food and items from home to the very brim,  AND we literally doubled the miles on it by the time I drove it back.  My darling grandmother also gave me a few gallons of sauerkraut to bring home... which cracked during the trip and proceeded to leak smelly, fermented cabbage juice aaaaall over the backseat.  When I returned the car it was salt-encrusted both inside and out (they sprinkle salt on the streets back east to help melt the snow... which then sticks to your boots as you get into your vehicle) the odometer had more than doubled, and there was still a massive sauerkraut stain.  I'd also prepaid for a tank of gas, then returned the car with 9/10ths of a tank in it.  Ben H. recognized me immediately (surprise number one) and then asked, completely sincerely, how my holidays were.  There was no slick talk behind his question, he actually paused and looked at me, waiting for my response before telling me how to pay for the vehicle.  (Surprise number two).  And when I got to the embarrassing admittance that there was sour cabbage water all over my rental car, he not only told me they could take care of it and would not be charging me, he also noted the gas gauge and issued me a refund for the tank of gas!  Whoa!  Ben. H. and Enterprise Rental Car of Sky Harbor, you have convinced me that customer service is not dead- and more importantly, neither is human interaction.  I can't wait for our next road trip- thank you!
4	Friendly service and quick to get you to your car. The free bottled water is a nice touch and I would definitely rent from them again. We decided to pass on the upgrade for a few dollars more, but ended up getting upgraded anyway for free. I guess that is what winning feels like!
5	(Just as a note to those new to PHX, I learned that from the airport you have to take a shuttle to the rental car area. In the beginning I was concerned about this timewise but it turned out to be super efficient!)I've had pretty crappy experiences renting cars but, this car rental was SEAMLESS.Did you hear me? SEAMLESS.I had made the reservation about a half hour before pickup. At the rental counter I was greeted warmly and ended up in some small talk about what I was doing in Phoenix, etc. My credit card and information was taken, the contract signed and I was sent on my way to the rental car area. At the rental area in the garage I was offered complimentary water and shown to my spiffy new rental car. The car only had about 400 miles on it. BRAND FREAKING NEW. How amazing!And the man who did the car walkaround before renting did the walkaround thoroughly none of that half-look-and-wave-you-on-only-to-be-charged-later junk. It was excellent.Similarly the return in the early morning was equally seamless. Nothing but praise for this enterprise location.
3	There's about a 10 minute shuttle ride to the car rental "mall." wow.  This was my first time renting from Enterprise.  Here's what I liked: we were able to pick from several cars based one what the category we picked, which was intermediate mid-sized car.  They offered us water when we got down to the garage area.Here's what I didn't like: at the counter at check it, they were trying to sell us a more expensive car.  It appears that no matter what option you pick, it's apparently not good enough.  Just give me my damn car.  The gentleman in front of us had ordered an economy sized car.  She told him, " we can guarantee that it'll have 4 doors."We chose a mid-sized car.  She told us, "we can't guarantee that it'll have cruise control."  Seriously, can you guarantee 4 wheels and an engine? Don't be fooled by the pre-paid gas option.  The rate for gas was about $3.69/gal.  This means you're paying for the full tank no matter how full you return it to them.  It'll be your best option only if you return the car running on fumes.
5	My husband and I were in a pinch for a rental car when we arrived in Phoenix on 2/12.  The original reservation with Payless was a complete mess.  They wanted an additional $250.00 on top of the rental amount and that is just unacceptable.  So, off we went to Enterprise.  Jeremiah Sanchez turned our day of disaster to complete and utter happiness.  He was able to get us in a car that fit our budget and he provided beyond excellent customer service.  He is a great asset to Enterprise and because of our experience we will be lifetime customers of Enterprise.I also want to commend Matt Shiring for providing excellent customer service as well.  We were able to pick the car that would suit our needs and we enjoyed a week in Phoenix, AZ and it was partly due to the service provided by Matt and Jeremiah.Thank you again for such great service.  It is rare indeed to find a company that truly cares about their customers.
4	Enterprise brags heavily about it's customer service....well I have always gotten great customer service when I rented from Enterprise....and this time was no different. I arrived at the ticket counter got checked in......went downstairs....was greeted by 2 attendants with a bottle of water and then directed to a choice of awesome cars. Now on this day they didn't have any cars in my class so I got a free upgrade to an SUV. Checked out the SUV.....was offered additional insurance and information on the SUV and then I drove out. Enough Said.....Enterprise can continue to brag about it's customer service. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Returned car Sunday AM March 3rd. "Joe" was the gentleman doing the check-in of the vehicle. Joe overheard my unhappiness as I was discussing the fuel policy that Enterprise offers for a less fee per gallon. Joe promptly and politely handled the situation for me, without prompt. Thanks Joe. Enterprise has a great employee.
2	I had rented from Enterprise a few times in the past and I remembered them as being very high pressure salespeople regarding extra insurance.  So I was prepared to withstand a sales pitch as we approached the counter, and I was amazed when the subject didn't even come up! My wife and I were given a receipt and told to head downstairs to pick up our car.  But wait, not so fast!When we got to the garage, instead of heading right to a stall where our car would be, we came to a booth where we were offered a "complimentary" bottle of water. Then man in the booth told us it would be a few minutes because there were some people ahead of us.  I soon noticed that there were about half a dozen young men and women, all nicely dressed (men with shirt and tie, women wearing dresses), who were escorting customers to their cars.  Seemed out of place for an airport garage. At this point I began to smell a rat.  I was therefore not surprised at all when the young lady who escorted us to our car launched into the insurance sales pitch. "Who is your insurance agent?"  "What is your deductible?" "Do you realize that you would be initially responsible for any damage, and only later would we try to collect from your insurance company?"  We had to grin and bear it for a few minutes before she gave up.I really feel this is something of "ambush" sales technique, and I resent it, Enterprise.  I will avoid doing business with you in the future.
5	WHAT?  Five Stars for a Car Rental Place?!  Yes-sir-ee!!!I travel a LOT for work and am always renting a car.  The service here at Enterprise is top notch!  The employees are super friendly and helpful.  I got in and out in a jiffy, and everyone was super nice!
4	Spring training in Phoenix resulted in huge crowds and sky high rental car prices.Enterprise and its competitors were overwhelmed.  The staff did it's best to keep up.  I used my loyalty card to get to the rental desk without a line, but then still had to wait 10-15 minutes when I went downstairs where the cars are for an agent to show me a car and get the final signatures.My standard for top-flight Enterprise service is Atlanta/Hartsfield. If ATL is 5 stars, Phoenix is four.Note:  All the companies share one facility and use a common shuttle bus.    The rental car return was easy to find. There were loads of signs once you got near the place.
4	Fast friendly service at this off site rental car mega garage! Nine minute bus ride from the airport to the garage.
4	Excellent service!This is a big airport to get through coming and going and it sure helps when your rental car retrieval and drop off are quick. This location has the process nailed down and got me through super quick.
1	Horrible! Waited in line for 40 minutes....ok I can deal it was busy but then once up at the counter the agent was a space case! I had a package deal though Southwest and the agent kept asking me what the rate was over and over and was in a complete panic. I got on my phone to see if I could figure it out. Finally her manager came to help us. The first agent left because we must of overwhelmed her. He was much better but kept asking us the same questions and either the screen was wrong or he just was off not sure.  So finally he sent us to the pick up garage where our car was suppose to be......no car, no Hertz employee to help us to the car.  My friend was wandering the garage looking for our car as a handful of employees stood there.  I went into the office and asked about our car, they found another car for us but still we needed to walk to the parking spot in the garage.  2hours later we were on the road.....1/2 hour later oil light comes on for a needed oil change.  Drop off was simple and easy.
1	Yep, it was that bad.  LONG line and no one in a hurry to get you on your way.  A long wait upstairs, then a wait downstairs and finally, a wait to get out of parking garage.  And this was on a Tuesday.  I can't imagine during a really travel peak.  C'mon enterprise, pick it up.
5	I've had an overall great experience with Enterprise as a company, but this location takes the cake! Their strongest point is also the most important; their customer service. After easily finding their location in this terminal they call a rental center, I was immediately greeted with smiles. The employees are energetic and seem happy to be helping you. Not the biggest deal to most, but the fact that the guy saw that my birthday was coming up and took the time to wish me a happy birthday because he wouldn't see me before then, was a nice touch to me. After quickly getting the account details out of the way, the guy pointed us in the direction we needed to go. A short walk and a small trip up the escalator brought us to the parking garage where the cars were kept. This is the best part... It was Memorial Day weekend and they had more than enough large SUVs, which is what I prefer when I go out of town. For once, there was a location with enough vehicles to offer me a choice on a major holiday and a big travel weekend. I wasn't rushed either, they let me take my time and see which SUV was the most comfortable choice for my trip. Coolers filled with complementary bottled water were definitely a nice touch, especially with our weather out here. They also offer premium vehicles for anyone that needs to keep an appearance or is just used to something such as Range Rovers and even a Porsche Panamera. Returning my car was also extremely easy! Just follow the signs and drive up. The guy made sure that my trip was great and the SUV held up fine. I was out of there in less than 5 minutes. As a local resident, I will now take the extra 15 minutes to drive to the airport to get my rentals even when there's a branch by my house!
4	If the line wasn't so long, they would have received five stars.The people here are friendly and competent.  I had to interact with at least four employees for pick-up and drop-off, and they were all great.  No, really all of them were really great.  They offer you bottled water as well.  It was 107 degrees.  I appreciated that.
5	Phoenix has a wonderful set up for the car rentals at the airport
5	This is by far the best rental car experience I've ever had.  Firstly, Sky Harbor's consolidated rental car center is so much more convenient, I wish every airport had this.  Secondly, Enterprise has fantastic customer service.  I got a great deal online, and because I had a reservation, I skipped the line and used the kiosk, which was so simple.  The kiosk directed me to the pickup point, where an agent was already waiting to take me to my car (and he gave me a choice between 3).  Also, big points for the bottled water (it was 110 degrees!).The checkout process was fast because the agent did everything on an iPad.  Not too pushy with the insurance and gas (of course he has to make the pitch so I don't mind) so we were out of there in record time.The return process was just as fast and organized - no hidden fees, no complications.This makes me want to rent with Enterprise again!
5	Our experiences with Enterprise Car Rental in Phoenix has been superb!  Great customer service (I wish I could remember her name), including a no hassle return of my sun glasses that I realized were left in the sunglass compartment of our rental car when we were on the airport shuttle bus and approaching the airport for our departing flight.  Customer service immediately located the car and the sunglasses, and offered to send it to me.Thanks for the great service, Phoenix Enterprise!
4	Whenever I travel to Phoenix for work, I ALWAYS rent a car through Enterprise at the airport location.  I don't bother browsing for other dealers because frankly, my work pays for it.  Yay!!!  That's one less headache!  When you book through a corporate account, skip the front desk and head straight down the escalator to the car pick up counter.  It's faster and hardly ever a line.  The customer service is superb!  They always greet me and offer complimentary bottled water.  Trust me, you're going to need it when traveling to Phoenix during the hot seasons.  They walk you to your car and perform the 360 visual inspection and start the car/air conditioner for you.  One time I had rented through Hertz and they just gave me the car keys and I had to find the car by myself.  So I appreciate that Enterprise went the extra mile.  Only con that I had encountered was the fact that they were not open longer hours.  My flight was delayed so by the time I had landed at 11pm, many of the car rental dealers were closed.  I had to walk around the center looking for the few that were open late.  And lastly, they don't have my Lambo or Ferrari.  =(
4	excellent Enterprise "signature" customer service as always... however at this car rental I was surprised to be given a very unclean dirty car.  I certainly do not expect this all the time!  I'am still an unapologetic fan of Enterprise Rental Car!
5	Super, Super duper friendly staff! I mean these guys go all out to make you feel welcome! Sometimes I felt so overwhelmed by their kindness I wanted to "puke", but I mean that in the most loving and sincere way. :)If you don't want to wait on line to check in, try the self check in kiosks, they are a big plus. I never used it before until today and it does speed up the check in process as long as you already have a reservation.Once your check in at the kiosk is completed, the rep with the BIG SMILE signs the reservation receipt and they hand you off to the next rep at the pick up counter downstairs. When I got there he was all ready to greet me with a BIG SMILE and offer me free bottles of cold water and walk me to my car.I had to sign for the car electronically on a tablet. Using your fingertip as a pen is amusing.  I felt like I was finger painting in kindergarten again.They hand you a electronically printed receipt at the drive out gate, but before you drive away, just to make sure you're a happy camper, they just ask you one more time if you were completely satisfied with your "Enterprise experience" today. All I could answer was "YES, YES, YES, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, YES!" NO MORE PLEASE, I'M BEGGING YOU!" ANSWERING WITH A BIG SMILE OF COURSE!!IN ALL SERIOUSNESS, ENTERPRISE, YOU ROCK!!!!!
1	Beware of this location. I accidentally left my jacket in my rental car and 10 minutes later it was no where to be found. I was originally told they found it but that was a lie. "Take your belongings" doesn't mean steal your customers belongings. I will never use this company again. What a shame, I travel a TON for work.
5	We had a GREAT experience. Friendly service, decent prices and a clean car.  Compared to the experience we had at Payless, I am ALWAYS excited about good service at the Sky Harbor rental area.  Plus, it was a pretty quick wait time of 5 minutes.  That ALWAYS makes me happy. :)
5	It was my first time in Arizona, and my mon wanted to take me to Sedona. Definitely the service was professional, friendly, and direct. On the way back, when returning the car--I left my camera on the rental. Thank God for the service rep. She was really nice and made sure I got it back before my flight.Definitely a returning customer.
5	Heard many horror stories about Rental Car Companies but was so very pleased with Enterprise no hassle, professional, quick. Got to pick from a number of cars and just so glad that we were able to get it and go as quick as possible these people know their business and I will come back as a loyal customer because they earned it.
1	There are a couple of important things to know about this business model.The people checking you out with a car are sales people and neither incented nor concerned to help you inspect the car for damage. The people who check the cars back in however do receive training on how to conduct detailed inspections.Don't let them distract you with talk of unnecessary insurance, prepaid gasoline, upgrades to premium cars, or GPS.Take this time to carefully inspect the car for damage which includes not just dings, dents, and scratches but also hairline fracture cracks.Take pictures/video as well.I missed a hairline crack in the inspection that was found when returning the car and was held responsible for a $900 repair. Luckily, a fantastic benefit from American Express fully covered this cost (Amex does require you to refuse ALL supplemental insurance to meet their criteria for coverage so make sure to do that).A few key pointers.1. Don't ever buy insurance, rent the car with an American Express card and you're FULLY  covered.2. Inspect the car carefully, there's no incentive for the person checking you out to help do this well.3. Don't buy any add-ons. Pre-paid gas is a fantastic scam.  That same tank of gas gets sold and partially resold so many times it must generate fantastic profits.  How many people do you think really bring the tank in on fumes?
3	Normally, I love Enterprise. I am an Enterprise Plus member from way back. And, one of the things that I have come to appreciate about the location in Phoenix is their "price matching" policy. This past Monday, car prices in Phoenix were absurdly high (over $75 before taxes), so I booked with a competitor - assuming that we could at least meet on middle ground. I saw the "Cars Available" sign at Enterprise, and asked if they would be willing to match - and to be fair, I said that I certainly didn't need the SUV I had booked with the other company. They said that was one of the companies they didn't match (in other words, they match the majors - because they are all priced similarly).This experience wouldn't keep me from renting there again, but does show their profit before service model which is new for Enterprise (since they became part of Alamo/National).
5	Wow! What a great experience. After having dealt with an absolute witch at Hertz who refused to be helpful in any way with providing me with the car I had reserved in the first place for a 3 week rental i decided to cancel my reservation then and there and went over to Enterprise. Tyler at Enterprise took the time to show us all the cars that would fit our needs, matched our old reservation's price, was such a pleasure doing business with that I am actually writing a review (something I have rarely done). If you land in Phoenix and need a car, go right to Enterprise- the easiest experience I have with car rentals.
5	I generally rent from Enterprise and have been satisfied with their service so did the same on this trip to Phoenix. Enterprise is located in the communal Rent-A-Car center of Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport which is almost 3 miles away from the main terminal building and takes about 20-25 minutes to get to considering the wait for the shuttle, loading, drive and uploading time.Service is great you check-in on the main level and get your paperwork processed, then proceed to the lower level where you are assigned a car. On Tuesday evening when it was my turn to pick up a car they were very busy and I had almost a 20 minute wait before I got my car and drove off. Return is also equally painless and hassle free. Service experienced here is so good that this location has become the bar that other Enterprise locations should aspire to beat (they have narrowly edged out the service at Enterprise Rent-A-Car at the Kansas City Airport location).A small tip for those who choose to refuel their cars before returning them. There are no gas stations around the Rent-A-Car Center so the nearest one that I found was a Circle K at 1602 E Washington St which is accessible via exit 148 from I-10 which is the same exit you take to reach the Rent-A-Car center (go left on Washington for about a mile and it will be on the right hand side).
5	I'll start off with saying this was the Best Experience renting a car before.  In the past week we had a couple of family members come in from out of state and had to rent cars for weekend trips so we got to experience a few different vendors.  First vendor was with Alamo which was good.  Then had a rental with Payless which I will never go with them again. (I'll be writing a review shortly). Then we rented with Enterprise.  I was looking for a cheap compact rental for this past weekend.  I saw that Payless was cheap but did not want to rent from them again because of the quality of the rental.  I noticed Enterprise rate was the same so I decided to go with them.  I walked in and was greeted by Matt at the entrance of their storefront.  This dude is entertaining and makes the whole rental process fun.  He was very helpful and made sure all my needs were met.  After finalizing paperwork, I headed down to the car lot and was greeted by Cory to go pick out a car.  I like the ability to choose different models of cars within your rental category.  You know that time of renting a car when you have to inspect the vehicle and you or the vendor does not have a pen for you to mark the dings and scractches.  Well, the person assisting you at the car lot carries a digital tablet and will make the notations there.  I thought that was very neat.  The quality of the cars are new and clean.Overall experience, the rental process was perfect.  If Enterprise is in your budget, I would highly suggest going with them.*All my rentals above was from the PHX Sky Harbor Car rental locations.
5	Traveled to Scottsdale for a wedding and to visit family.  Enterprise put me in a great car.  Easy to check in and the return was just as easy.Thanks Enterprise!
3	(3.50 stars)  On and off, Enterprise Rent-A-Car has been a go-to for business travel over the years.  We had been horribly let down at a critical time a decade ago and have approached Enterprise selectively since then.Having the whole family in tow for our vacation means that only a minivan will accommodate all of the luggage, and Enterprise had one for us at a marginally-acceptable price.  Arriving at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Car Rental Center (a considerable distance from the Airport), service at pickup was excellent; friendly, helpful and efficient.  Although a bit slower when returning the Chrysler Town & Country, it remained friendly.At pickup the minivan had only 4,100 miles on the odometer, yet had an annoying squeak in the front driver-side wheel when driving at highway speed.  All told, not a bad experience, but the service from Enterprise was extremely good.
5	I always use Enterprise. Desk guy was friendly, they gave me a bottle of water, made sure I had directions - perfect. The car had a scratch when I brought it back, but I told them I didn't do it and they didn't give me a hard time about it. The car rental hub by PHX is magical in its efficiency as well!
2	Checkin was super easy, since I had an out of state license I was able to use a kiosk and skip the line that had formed.  Once to the parking garage I was greeted with a cold water which was really appreciated.I was led to the car they intended me to have but there was someone already in it so I was diverted to the next one available.  It gave an impression of disorganization and the next available one, an "upgrade" wasn't anything impressive.  It was dirty inside and there was gray paint all over the hood.  With fees, I paid around $60.00 a day.  For this cost I just wasn't impressed.  The car was a very base model.  I drive the base Honda accord daily and used to it having USB ports..I had to stop and buy something to charge my car while driving. And not that I wouldn't use Enterprise again...or Enterprise at this particular airport..but I have higher standards considering I have used Enterprise before.  I expected better.
5	First time I have used Enterprise.  Chose them because they had a car at a lower price than competitors.  I have never had a more positive experience with a car rental agency.  I was able to check in at a kiosk and was met by a customer service person that escorted me to my car, helped me inspect the car, and allowed me to ask any questions regarding the operation of the car.  Returning the car went smoothly.  I'm not sure if all Enterprise locations operate like this one, but the agency at the Phoenix airport was top notch.
1	I rent cars for business quite a bit. Typically thru Hertz, but I did a last minute booking through enterprise with my spouse as this was not a business trip.When we arrived at 7am, there was no one at the front desk, instead we had to use the computer which was over charging us by $3 dollars a day. Convincing that you cannot dispute the original reservation charge with a computer.Then we headed downstairs to hopefully speak to a person and get our car. We were greeted by Kyle Kilpatrick, a nice gentleman who is currently undergoing a promotion. He was friendly, we mentioned that we were getting over charged our initial day rate by almost $3.He proceeded to "fix it" conveniently though, I am unable to receive an itemized receipt from him, but he assured that is was fixed.Then we went on to tell us how after his promotion, he will be rated on how is branch's daily profits are.We then proceeded to go to our car, and at the checkout gate, i required an itemized print out to make sure that we were not getting overcharged. Alas, we were! So the gate guy fixed it and gave me an itemized receipt print out showing that the initial day rate was fixed.A sigh of relief over this silly $10. It's the principal of the matter at this point.After my short trip was over, we received our final invoice from Enterprise and the initial day rate was in fact- NOT FIXED.This feels like a class action lawsuit in the making.I do not appreciate that fact that I have to speak with 5 different people to get my charge fixed. And Kyle, given that you were the interim MOD- it should have been fixed by you in the first place. Instead of bragging about getting your profits up. Good job losing a potential customer who rents ~40 days a year.Shame on you enterprise. I would rather get a dirty car from Fox Rent a Car for half the price than ever rent with you again.
3	Overall great experience, as usual. We rented a Cadillac. It seems to me that not having the XM radio active on the top luxury car is shortsighted. It inserted a negative in an otherwise positive experience.
