4	You need a fast Mediterranean bite; this is the place. Bright clean decor, Fast service with a smiling eager staff. the chicken kabob was moist and well spiced; all the items I tried were well done and flavorful; one odd thing no lamb but I will be back.
5	We really enjoyed our meal at Parsley.  The Falafel Wrap with Jalapeno.Serano sauce, Steak Shwarma Bowl with fresh salad and rice, and Baklava were delicious and healthy.  We know that the Mediterranean diet is the healthiest for optimal health and when we found out about this restaurant, we had to try it.We moved from Northern California last year and really loved having a great place to get Mediterranean food both in San Jose and Morgan Hill.  Now, we have a great place here in Las Vegas.  We enjoyed speaking with the owners about their plans to add healthy options and we are excited to try their expanding variety of foods.
5	First impression appearance is clean and welcoming.The salad bar they have to make all the wraps, bowls, and salads is full of fresh produce. The guy who helped me not sure if he was owner or not was super helpful and explained what they offered and even gave me a sample of falafel to try before ordering it. I ended up ordering a falafel salad that contained about 9 falafel, lettuce, chick peas, marinated carrots and tomatoes plus parsley ;) The falafel was a little too crispy for my liking but still yummy. The salad dressing I think was hummus based instead of the typical oil & vinegar on a Greek salad. It wasn't my favorite so I think I'll ask for another option next time. It comes with a side of homemade pita bread that was warm and chewy. A great addition to the salad. I would recommend this place for a great lunch choice. Awesome service and for you meat eaters it looked like they had great choices for a wrap!
3	Good food.  Prices are OK.  Seamed like there can be a lot of upcharges.  $0.50 here, $0.50 there.  Not a huge deal.  My wife and I did not really care for the spices on the Chicken.  The Beef was good.Probably won't go back.
5	**Summary**       - Flavor - I don't know if it's the way they slow cook their meats or the spices they use, but their steak is definitely one of the more flavorful steaks I've had. A definite must try.       - Shawarma - Arabic way of cooking meats on a spit (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eUuKXhloFVHdQsLdodcLbw?select=tmbdWt48RM8DYf_T-qte5A). It definitely adds a different flavor to the meats you can tell instantly.       - Prices - This is one of the best priced places I've found for Mediterranean food. You can't beat $7 for a steak shwarma plate or $4.50 for a wrap.       - Lunch - It's the perfect lunch spot, especially with a diverse group. It's good for those on a healthy binge and those looking for great food. I've been there three times within a week of finding the spot and I haven't gotten tired of it.**Ordered (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eUuKXhloFVHdQsLdodcLbw?select=_JIty4EsBZKZGawS0SimrQ)**       - $6.95 Chicken or Steak Shwarma Plate              - Chicken - The chicken was pretty good and was topped with Tahini sauce. Not too dry like I initially thought it would be. It reminded me of tandoori chicken in its flavorfulness.              - Steak - However I definitely preferred the steak which also had Tahini sauce on it. The steak was a flavor bomb and yet not too salty.              - Mediterranean Salad - Comes stock with the plates. They they use a lemon juice/olive oil sauce that makes it taste really very fresh and healthy.              - Basmati Rice - Also coming with the plate, seasoned yellow with, I'm guessing, either cumin or tumeric. It really is a good match for the meats.              - Pita bread - You also get two half slices of pita bread with meal.        - $3.75 Hummus - Definitely one of the better hummus dishes I've had. I'd recommend replacing one of the sides from your shwarma plate with it for a 50 cent up-charge if you want it.**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good mediterranean grill.
4	Good food, nice staff, clean atmosphere. They call their kafta beef kabob, so if you are expecting pieces of beef you will get ground beef instead. everything was delicious. Beware of the carrots if you dont like spicy. I'll be back!
5	So happy to have found my new favorite workday lunch spot! :)The beef is so tender and flavorful and the homemade wheat pita bread isn't dry and chewy like most. I also love how they serve it with a side of pickled carrots instead of french fries.
4	I was invited with some of my co-workers Josh, Kate and Kyle. They 3 have been to Parsley before and told me that I needed to try it. I took there word for it, and I was very impressed I must say myself. Fresh food, fast service, great customer service and great taste. I told other co-workers about Parsley, and I'm coming back for lunch tomorrow. The chicken gyro with the hummus is amazing.
5	Wow! Had to say that first as I just finished visiting here for the very first time. What an awesome lunch place! Healthy clean food with great price...and friendly staffs. What more can u ask for? So glad I found this place, thx for my fellow yelpers!
4	The shawarma here is very good, fresh and cheap.  Definitely a good spot to check out.
5	Went here for lunch one day and the place was crazy busy with nearby residents looking for an afternoon bite. As busy as Parsleys' was, the employees were happy and doing all they could to fill those orders.I had the chicken schwarma on pita and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was succulent and the vegetables were fresh as fresh could get.All in all, I'd go back again in a heartbeat.
4	Was not too busy on a Sunday afternoon.Beef sharwarma plate was good: the beef was very moist and well seasoned, rice was good, salad was fresh, The carrots were mildly spicy with a slight dill flavor.Pistachio baklava was strangely saltyService was great, I'll be back
5	Easy five star place for me. I'm a Parsley pusher:The food is fresh, healthy and delicious. You can't go wrong here.  I usually go with the shwarma chicken wrap, but I'm also a fan of the specials. Last time I had the chicken curry which was out of this world flavorful. The closest I've found to something I enjoyed in Morocco. The seasoned fries are good which isn't a good thing for me and my bikini so I pass on that goodness MOST of the time. Also a fan of the falafel. It's the best I've ever had. Just dip that lovin' in their homemade tzakiki and you are straight money! The staff is always friendly and accommodating. No attitudes here. Just smiles and quick service. Also, the restaurant itself is always spotless. Only prob is they close at 8pm when I am still unwinding and not ready to grub, yet. No biggie. Do yourself and whoever sees you naked a favor and get your Parsley on.
5	Best Shawarma shop in Vegas!!!!!!!!!!
4	Parsely let me count the ways... One of my all time lunch favorites this places is literally out the back door of my salon.  One of us from work eats here daily sometime up to 8 of us. Such a healthy option to the burger and fries.  I absolutely love the Shwarma the way it slow roasts on the spit.  Mmmmm so good.  I don't eat a whole lot of red meat but the Steak and the Chicken here is seasoned so perfectly.  I usually get a Steak and Chicken Shwarma.  The tzatziki and hummus on it with the fresh veggies just finish it off I like to get mine with a bit of the spicy green sauce.  BTW the Shwarmas are so big I usually get two meals out of it.  So the Shwarma is a treat for me I usually opt for Salad wich usually leaves me hungry again in an hour but here with all the toppings and meat it fills me up, the dressing here is REALY good.  I've also had the Tagine a slow cooked stew, basically the meat falls apart in your mouth it's so tender.  The Falafel here ranks in the top 3 that I have ever had.  You can also get fries seasoned or unseasoned.The seasoning here on everything is perfect, the staff are nice and smile while feeding you the decor is modern yet inviting.  This is a local guy living his dream, which I will continue to support the little guy in a big buiness world.  By the way they also have a punch card where you get a certain amount you get the next one free be sure to ask for it at the register.  As I said Parsely let me count the ways Mmmmm...
3	Good, fresh ingredients. Awesome employees and quick service. We were greeted just as we walked in. When asked if it was our first visit (which it was) we were given samples of the steak and chicken. I had the Chicken Shwarma Salad and it was really good. I have had better Mediterranean food, but this place is fast, which is great if you don't have a lot of time to sit and enjoy.
5	I ate here for the first time today and I was very impressed! The food was very fresh and full of flavor! This place is very clean and the employees are very nice. I was also impressed with the price. I'll be returning often!
4	My buddy and I went here for lunch and the place was packed!  We just discovered this Mediterranean joint but everyone was already in on the secret!  Anyway, I opted for the vegetarian falafel and the staff was happy to obliged.  The portion was big, the cost wasn't so bad, and the food was definitely tasty.  Coming back for more of Parsley grubs very soon!
4	I like how the food here is prepared fresh right before your eyes.1 star = for their chicken shawarma salad.  I was actually surprised with the outburst of flavor in their chicken.  It made me very happy.2 stars= for their even more flavorful steak.  I've had their steak shwarma salad and I was even more content with the outcome than I was with chicken.  But chicken is probably the best for your body!3 stars = parsley.  Lots of parsley.  I never thought to add this stuff to my salad, but what a great combination they have made with their salad.  Lots of cucumber cubes too!  Their salads here are really fresh, and they hav 2 types of dressings to choose from.  Both are really tasty.4 stars = check your Groupon NOW deals.  They are always on there offering great deals!This place is great for a quick and healthy lunch.  Their helpings are fairly large so you will definitely be fulfilled!  If you're into Baklava, they have Chocolate Baklava.Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (63/365).
5	OMG!! I have to drive all the way across town for this and I would do it every freakin' day if I could.  I am torn on reviewing them, because i really don't want the line to get any longer, but perhaps if they become filthy rich they will open one closer to me.Order anything.  You will be very, very happy (although be warned, you will not be able to stop eating it).
5	This place is the bomb.  I am from Michigan, where the middle eastern food is plentiful, great, and cheap.  It is nearly impossible to find such value here in Nevada.  Finally, Parsley provides this.  Some of the greatest falafel and chicken shawarma that I've had, and all for great prices.  The hummus was silky, which is the texture I prefer.  Go here if you want tasty, healthy food that is also affordable.
5	First review ever.. Visited Parsley as a suggestion of a coworker. Looking for some healthier lunch options... I ordered up the Chicken Shawarma wrap... AWESOME!! This thing is like a street burrito. BIG!. Delicious, Fresh and Healthy! Service is friendly and fast. Check it out!
2	The feel of the place seems to be for university students ready for a take out.  I ordered the special which was tagine and it was dreadful.  I could not finish it.  It was a sloppy brown congealed beany mess.  I can't believe they were willing to serve it.  I tasted my boyfriend's shawarma and I have had better when I went to school in California.
4	Good, fresh food.The wraps are **HUGE** - easily two meals.I enjoyed the chicken curry over rice, and loved the fresh-from-the-fryer falafel.Nothing in the ambiance department. (Unless you feel that Subway and Starbucks are the height of class) - but quick and tasty.Limited seating.
4	I tried this place on the reviews of fellow yelpers....  A co-worker had one at lunch and i inquired about it... He said it was a Shawarma Steak, in a pita with hummus, greens, and different sauces...  Looked huge and really good.  Well today i tried this shawarma for lunch...  I said you fly I buy, and off we went...  It was pretty busy at lunch but moved quickly... If you send a text to this # and type Parsley you get free hummus and a few pitas...  I have to say that was really good... Now this is my first time trying it so what did i know... It was good, so this is the one i will compare other hummus'es to..  I did the steak, and as others have stated its pretty large.  I could of finished it but i would of wanted to take a nap, so saved it..  My first bite was ike hmmmm,, ok this is good...  The pita, was soft and really fresh, the salad was good, complimented the hummus spread and the meat nicely,  There are sauces you can us to dip it in,, my boy did mine up..  He calls it a mediterrean burrito, which it pretty much was.. Most cultures have " same as" or "a lot like" dishes...  I went there looking for a GYRO but the older feller behind the counter said try this, gave me a sample of chicken of beef..  I am glad i tried something new.. I will try the beef kabobs, and the chicken. The baklava,,, once i had my friends ya ya's anyone else's recipe is marginal at best but I agree with our fellow yelpers,, this is a must try if you are in the area...  Corner of Pecos and sunset...  Hope this yelps
4	If you're ever hungry and you happen to be at the corner of Sunset and Pecos, skip the Jack in the Crack and walk right past Quizno's so that you can visit its neighbor, Parsley Mediterranean Grill. It's a wonderful fast food / casual eatery that focuses on serving a few meats in the variations of salad, bowl, plate, and wrap. Personally, I wouldn't think of baguette as a "wrap" holder per se, so I went with a wheat pita (there's also white) instead since it's more traditional.I found the steak shawarma to be a little chewy. You'd think that it might be more tender with that roasting and thin slicing, but it wasn't. It also didn't carry quite as much flavor as I've had before in a shawarma, or even in a steak burrito. Maybe it wasn't marinated too well today? I was pretty hungry though, so it still hit the spot. I actually took the second half home to finish since it was that big, so it's quite a good deal for $6.45.Meanwhile, the falafel is a steal at only $4.95. Same portion size, cheaper, more consistent texture. I have no doubt that it would have been spectacular with the crunchy texture and warm temperature if I had had it fresh, but it was still quite delicious when I bit into it cold for dinner.The Mediterranean salad was a common element to both wraps, and while I took to most of the veggies readily, I'm gonna have to get used to the chickpeas being included whole since it's not something I've actually had in this type of food before.. The pickled carrots, which are a bit spicy, also help add some texture, but I'm not sure that the one small plastic amount was enough for my two wraps.For now, a solid four stars. I'll probably reevaluate after I try some of the other meats, as well as some of the sauces that I'm reading about on Yelp.
4	My Recomendation: Steak Shwarma.I've always been a fan of Mediterranean food, but I haven't been too impressed by a lot of the places I've been to out here. Fortunately, Parsley is a trend breaker!The selection on the menu was pretty small, which is fine. It's not overwelming. And they make up for their small menu size with their heaping portion sizes. If you're able to finish one of their shwarmas in one sitting, you should try out for one of those professional eating contests because you definitely have some talent. The food itself was delicious! It kind of reminded me of a gyro, but better.The steak was nice and juicy, the vegetables seemed pretty fresh and they used just enough sauce and hummus. I've been to other mediterranean places where they drench it in so much sauce that my bread gets soggy before I get to finish my meal.One complaint I have is how small the store is. There was no room to even stand in line without feeling like you're intruding someone's eating area. Maybe I just went on a busy day, but the place was packed. A bigger, more open store would fit them better. Customer service was great. Everyone was so polite and had a big, friendly smile the whole time. Even though I was asking some pretty dumb questions (like, what's a shwarma? What goes on it?) the guy I talked to was happy to answer with sincerity. He didn't make it seem like they were dumb questions at all.I would definitely recommend this place to anybody!
4	According to my classmates, this place is operated by Israelis.  I don't know what that means.  haha...but it might be helpful to some of you.I liked Parsley a lot.  As soon as we walked through the door, the employees greeted us and asked if it was our first time.  They offered samples of their steak, chicken and falafel.  FYI: their beef and chicken is not halal but their falafel is a great option if you have diet restrictions.It felt like we were at Chipotle but mediteranean style.  You get in line....you can choose from a wrap (white or wheat), bowl or sandwich.  Option of mild, medium or hot sauce.  I chose all. LOL.  then the vegetables, etc....I ordered the steak wrap.  It was a generous portion of food for $7 including tax.
5	You can't beat the falafel wrap for $5. It's huge, almost two meals! And made fresh always ;)
4	So I gotta preface this review by saying.. It's been years since I have had a shawarma. Sad, I know! But I was in the area for work and had an hour for lunch, so I found this spot on yelp and gave it a shot. Verdict? Definitely satisfied. I had the steak shawarma wrap (wheat). It was savory and hearty. There were so many flavors that just screamed Mediterranean, but not in an obnoxious, overpowering way. This place is a gem, but now I'm inspired to compare it to other places in town. Thanks Parsley for jumpstarting this quest hahaha
4	The good:-The steak swarma is packed with flavor and is cut to a very generous portion. -The babaganoush is smokey and overflowing with rich characteristics.-The salad is a mix of dark greens, chickpeas, tomatoes, purple cabbage, cucumbers and pickled carrot sticks.The bad:-The falafels and salad are heavy on the oil. The fried chickpea patties tend to absorb too much of the frying oil. The taste was magnificent though. I like that they serve it with hummus for dipping. The salad needed more acid instead of base.-Peanuts are used in the baklava and overpowers the walnuts. Instead of pistachios, Parsley uses peanuts and that is all you can taste. Honey is not a big component of the dessert and it comes out kind of dry. It just reminds me of the peanut toffees you get at the Asian markets.I was amazed that I ordered everything for less than $18. I ended up taking so much of it home. With a few customized request, I could see myself loving Parsley.
3	Other than the portion size the place is just meh. I'm not sure if they are going for the Mediterranean or the German thing here. The gyros are huge so I'll give them that but.....The status bar for a gyro is set at Stephanos for me so parsley didn't add up.
5	I've found my reason to give this place five stars.I came back for lunch here for the first time in a while, and the beef tagine (tuh-JEEN) on the daily special menu was calling out to me for some reason. So I forewent the wrap and got the $6.95 size of the beef tagine. It's incredible. Everything is tender, and I mean everything. Beef, beans (not mushy, no sir), onions, maybe mushrooms (or is it tongue? sue me, it's kinda homogeneous), rice, and "warm" (it's not really "hot") spices that I can't really describe to you because I'm unfamiliar with the cuisine. Oh, and they felt like they had to ask me whether I wanted the parsley? It's in your name, of course I want it!This is probably the absolute best lunch item in the immediate locale and price range. The only reason I wouldn't come back is that I can't be certain that I'll find this on the menu because it's a special. [EDIT: Noticed that the special is for having it with a drink, but it's a regular item.]
5	Fresh fast healthy and yum tastic
4	A solid place to get a falafel salad on a Sunday for lunch. You can save half of it for dinner that night. I like replacing the tahini sauce topping with baba ganoush.
1	we went to this place recently because their menu is predominantly Shawarma. They have steak and chicken Shawarma. The problem is it isn't Shawarma. True Shawarma is meat whether it be chicken, Lamb or beef marinated with the appropriate spices for about 12+ hours. I ordered the steak Shawarma. It was not marinated and therfore was not Shawarma. My wife ordered the chicken Shawarma and it was not marinated but a very plainly cooked chicken. They didnt even use salt and pepper. My steak Shawarma was doused with Tzatziki. It tasted ok but we were really looking forward to some real authentix Shawarma. Another thing that was odd was they didnt even offer gyros on their menu...wtf!? The women working there were ok but when we got up to leave they didnt say goodbye or thanks for coming in...nada nothing zip. They were just hanging out and chatting. The only plus was that the place is very clean and neat and we didnt have to wait becuase we were the only ones there. Also the rice and salad that come with the Shawarma meals is bland like cardboard. Very little rice and no dressing for the salad. Other Mediterranean restaurants really hook you up with the rice but not this place. Barely a serving of rice actually. So in summation if your looking for real Shawarma stay away from this place. Im sure there's much better out there.
2	Ordered the beef kabob. Honestly I've had better but the service was excellent. The whole plate was very oily. Might just want to skip this joint. I'll take another place with gyros any day.
5	This place is wonderful!   I could eat the Beef Shwarma wraps every day.  People are great, warm atmosphere, good was simply amazing.
4	It was a Sunday, in the library, with an appetite.  No, I wasn't caught while playing Clue, I was planning what to do!  Eric R. and I were with friends at a community grant meeting and they were hungry.  They raved about Parsley so off we went.Upon arrival, we mentioned we were newbies, and were immediately provided with lots of samples: chicken and steak schwarma, chicken curry, and beef tagine.  Eric, who planned on schwarma before we even got there, changed his tune and ordered a small chicken curry plus a side of pita (50 cents).  It was tasty, but I am not sure exactly what kind of curry it was.  It was creamy and enhanced with turmeric.On a side note, my mother-in-law and I have a joke about naming children after spices.  Eric has a cousin with the middle name Sage, which his mom doesn't like.  I told her to honor my husband I can name my child Turmeric.Anyway, back to the food.  I love bowls.  No, that does not mean I went to Taco Bell to try a cantina bowl or KFC for a potato fried chicken corn and cheese biscuit bowl...no no no.  I like rice bowls though - Chipotle burrito bowls, sushi rice with fish on top bowls/chirashi, rice topped with anything in general is just very appealing to me.  Parsley has bowls!  I got the steak schwarma bowl - Israeli salad on the bottom, yellow rice, steak schwarma, tahini sauce.  I asked for the 3 hot sauces on the side (green is mild but yummy and chimichurri -like) and the 2 red sauces are hot.  I am not sure which was supposed to be hotter - one was too weird tasting for me, but the deep red oily one was really good and I spread it on the top of my bowl.  It was huge.  Though the curry comes in 2 sizes, the bowl is only one and I had to have Eric R. finish it.There are many good things on the menu to try, including baguette sandwiches!  They also have kabobs.  Fresh, relatively healthy food, and fast!
2	Maybe it was just an off night but I'd have to agree to disagree with all the glowing reviews of this place. I think people might be fans because of the HUGE wraps. I saw them making one and I was amazed at the portion size! But lots of food ain't my style... especially if it is lots of crappy food! Tasted both of the shawarmas and they were drier than the Sahara desert plus gristle. Adding tons of tzatziki couldn't even save my meal. Their food didn't seem fresh to me at all, which is one of their selling points on their website. Either things have gone downhill, or it just wasn't in the cards for me tonight. I was really disappointed with their food and what I ordered. I really wanted to like Parsley Mediterranean Grill since it's local and I heard good things but I probably won't be back. The extra star is for the service and the chocolate dessert as both of those were good.
4	Very Friendly and cheap!  I thought the meat was great as was the sauces.  Some of the vegetables were meh but thats just my opinion.  Overall I am surely coming back
5	Vegetarian falafel wraps are perfectly spicy, delicious and wallet-friendly. They take a while to make but it's well worth the wait. Tip: one falafel wrap is enough to feed two people.
4	I came in on a Sunday and they were doing a food photo shoot. It's always interesting to watch photo shoots whether it be people or food.Anyway, I had the chicken shawarma salad which is a bed of greens with a pile of chicken shawarma. I was surprised by the ample amount of meat.  The chicken and beef shawarma were both on a rotisserie and always carved to order. They also give you samples if you are undecided... That's actually how I choose the chicken instead of beef. I like it here and will be back to try the rest of the menu and the baklava, which I totally forgot to try!
5	So yummy! I don't know how I stumbled across this place - just craving Mediterranean one day I think. I took my sister and she LOVED it too. I'm not the kind of "regular" where the employees should know my name and I theirs, but every time I go in during the weekday and during my lunch break (somewhere between 12-2 P.M.) the employees who greet and serve me are so friendly and patient (which is helpful because I don't always know what I want right away - too many yummy options!).Also, my first time there I really wanted to try the Hummus, but the guy at the counter stopped me and warned me that Hummus is (generously) put on their shawarma before the rest of the ingredients- not many places will do that and try to trick you into buying the extras so I appreciated that!
5	REALLY, deserves 5 stars!!!!!! The 2 guys that worked behind the counter were very helpful. I would say: "What is that?" They would say: "here try it!" The food is really good and the place is clean..I used a Groupon, I was happy to see it was good for everything in the place...(It seems like now every time I use a Groupon they have all these specials that you cant have with the Groupon!!) I HATE THAT!!!!!!! This Place is not fancy at all, nothing special to look at...So shut your eyes and enjoy, because whats important is the FOOD!!!!! My wife is a Vegan and they had food for her to eat also....When I took her there she mentioned she drove by the place before because it didn't look like they had anything for her....she really liked her food a LOT also...Ill repeat the 2 guys that worked there were pretty cool and kinda funny. Its nice to know that you feel wanted and not a burden at a business..GO THERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Bought a Groupon for Parsley a week ago and was excited to try it. Walked into an already crowded place, a god sign for sure. A coworker recommended I try the falafel and I'm glad I I'd. Normally a meat-a-holic a was hesitant, especially when you re staring at two spits full of meat. I had he falafel in the wrap. A spread of  humus and a healthy portion of greens and one veggies topped with the falafel and I chose the  tzatziki  sauce. Great flavors and a large wrap, couldn't finish it. A very friendly and informative staff!
4	I heard about this place from two friends, who said the vegetarian options were grande & after seeing all the glowing yelp reviews, I knew I had to try it. Great service!!  Everyone was very nice and accommodating.I ordered the veggie skewer and honestly, I didn't care for the flavor one bit, it was gross.  But the salad & rice was delish!!  And my mom sampled the meat on the spit and she said it was to die for.  Next time I go, I'll definitely get something else, but overall we enjoyed our experience.   Get the groupon & the meat on the spit!!
3	This was my first visit for dinner using a $14 Living Social coupon.  It was located on S Pecos Rd/E Sunset Rd in Las Vegas.  There were no diners there on a Monday night.My friend ordered the Steak Bowl.  There was a whole cup of beef on top of seasoned rice and salad.  I saw her measure it.I ordered the Falafel Bowl.  The gal fried up 7 small balls of falafel and placed them on top of a layer of seasoned rice and salad.  There was no hot pita bread, scoop of hummus or spicy carrots like Shawn F described and saw photos on Yelp.  We ordered the food to go, so the falafel were not as crisp had we dined there.  The flavor of everything was good.  The portions were hearty.  I would come back if I were in the area.
2	This place is great if you want a mess of greasy, stringy meat soaked in way too much tzatziki. I wanted to take out my stomach and hose it off after eating here.
2	I give 2 stars because the people working there were very nice and understood customer service, that being said, I don't agree with the place being a "Mediterranean"  place and I have my reasons as well. First thing, as many might know, a Mediterranean place will 99% of the time serve Basmati Rice to go with the food. This place, no where close. Second, too much salad... Infact a lot of salad. Don't get me wrong, I love salad but if I am getting a shwarma plate, I want more of rice and chicken. This, the Mediterranean chicken is supposed to be marinated overnight in spices and the chicken I had here, well it was really blend. Some people might like the way they make their food but I have eaten authentic Mediterranean food many many times and I don't like this place.
4	GR8 GR8 GR8.....Healthy, Tastey food,  Large Portions, Priced Well.  what more can you ask for? I had a Chicken Shwarma wrap. They used 1 whole cup of shredded chicken. I was given a choice of white or whole wheat, HOME+MADE  pita bread that was rolled out like a giant tortilla.They have a to go menu printed on glossy paper that features photos of their food.  As do many other establishments, the difference being at PMG the pictures actually look like their food. That's as good as it gets.
4	For the money, this was good and plentiful food served with a friendly smile!
3	I came here with a living social deal $14, and it served me well. It looks and feels like any fast food Mediterranean style place, which is to say that it was rather unimpressive. This is the sort of place you go for a quick pick up, or carry out while you sit at home and watch Netflix or a sports game.Service was fair, no complaints there.One big complaint I do have is that the restaurant offers NO LAMB. How can you call yourself a Mediterranean grill and have no lamb as an option? I was really craving a gyro or at least a lamb kabob and was unable to have one. They basically offer 4 options for adult eaters: Beef shawerma, Chicken Shawerma, Beef Kabob, Chicken Kabob-- each available in wrap, sandwich, salad, or plate form. The plate is for a larger appetite, the wrap will suffice a medium appetite.We tried the chicken shawerma salad and beef shawerma plate. They add a Tahini dressing that they keep in a plastic squeeze bottle, much like you would find at a Subway. It was tasty stuff but honestly it was yet another reminder of how authentic this place ISN'T. Real tahini is slathered onto things or served in a bowl because it should not have such a creamy, dressing like consistency.  I don't mean to sound so harsh because the food IS actually pretty tasty and I LIKED it a lot more than I like eating at most of the big corporate fastfood joints that I no longer support. The salad they serve has garbanzo beans and a tasty tangy dressing. Big compliments to the spicy paste. The green and red stuff ( the name of which escapes me) are both quite good options. The red really packs a punch so don't get it unless you're an adventurous spicy eater like myself. That alone makes this place worth coming to if you've got a craving for spicy and meaty.They serve pickled carrots with the salad and the helping of shawerma is pretty generous. As I write this review, I admit to feeling quite stuffed. It's a fair value for what you pay but unless I was already out here in the area, (cough--Sunrise Coffee--cough) I can't honestly say I'd be craving them badly enough to drive out here. I would come back again with another coupon deal though.
5	Riddle me this, my Yelpizzles who have already been to and reviewed this place. Why did it take me so long?I think I have a new favorite lunch spot. We'll see how long it takes for me to get tired of it. As it stands, I went for lunch yesterday and I returned today. It's that delicious.Yesterday, I was looking for something somewhat healthy and found Parsley through Yelp. I got a beef shawarma salad to go and I ate it at the parking lot along Sunset where people watch planes take off and land (or do other activities not related to aviation). I don't think I even saw a single plane because I was too busy enjoying my salad.Today, I went back to try chicken instead, but once I saw what the guy ahead of me ordered, I basically told the lady, "I want that." That being a gigantic half chicken, half beef shawarma wrap. For a slightly lower price, it seems like you get more food. What I like about the wrap is how it reminds me of the Doner Kebab--something we don't really have in Las Vegas.For messy hands sake, I'll probably stick with the salad. In any case, I feel like you just can't go wrong with Parsley Mediterranean Grill.
4	I've been on a Mediterranean food binge lately, drove past this place on my way to the coffee shop on Sunset.  Been there three times since, pretty good food and on the cheap.
4	I have had this place bookmarked for ages and when the Groupon became available I just couldn't resist purchasing it. I let time get away from me and was finally able to redeem it on the very very last day before it expired. My fella and I came here after a long morning in the gym and we were starving. I went with the steak schwarma bowl and my fella got the chicken sandwich with fries. Service was standard. We arrived around 3, so it was completely empty between lunch and dinner. The employees were friendly and accommodated all our requests.  The portions were incredibly generous and all the ingredients were fresh.  Despite how hungry I was I could only finish about half of my bowl, so we will likely share next time we come. Prices are great too. Looking forward to trying the chicken wrap next time since I really like my fella's food.
4	With Mediterranean food I'm usually dodging landmines of my least favorite foods hiding in my dish. This was the case with Parsley, but the food was so good I didn't let it bother me for once. I got the chicken shwarma sandwich. I let her add salad and afterward realized it was filled with cucumbers and onions which I hate. I picked them out and still had a fantasic lunch. I'll make sure to ask for them to leave the salad off next time. The hummus was really good and the chicken was moist and tasty. Great healthy food place.
2	Went here a few times on lunch with co-workers, and I honestly can't even remember what I had, any of the times I was there; the most recent having been yesterday. It was something with chickpeas.While that probably says a lot right there, the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't anywhere near where I like my Mediterranean fare to be. There was nothing special or memorable to it, and it was sort of overall quite bland. Possibly because it's not Persian or Greek or Moroccan, but some sort of Americanized, averaged version of all the widely varied cuisines that get lumped into "Mediterranean". It's a sort of "health-food-ified" Frankenstein that has all the right parts of delicious Mediterranean food, but they just aren't working quiiiiite right.Food alone would give it 3 stars, though. I never feel oogy after eating it, and it is what it advertises.What knocks it down to two, is the fact that every time I come in, I'm treated very rudely. One of my co-workers with a stamp loyalty card who was buying another co-worker who forgot his wallet in his desk lunch tried to get two stamps, and was actually yelled at. On another occasion I was given the third degree for asking for napkins with my takeout. There's a rather snarly atmosphere of "the customer is trying to pull the wool over our eyes and steal our plastic cutlery!" that just does not impress.
2	So, I was in the mood for a good gyro.  I typed "gyro" into Yelp, and this place was top on the list.  We headed there, and guess what?  They don't have gyros!!!   I got over it and ordered the Steak Shwarrma.  Well, my wife and I were both unimpressed.  The steak was very dry.  It was almost like warm beef jerky.  Flavor wise, the whole thing was utterly bland.  Sadly, the marinated carrots were the most flavorful thing we had.  My five year old son wanted nothing to do with the place.  They only offer three kids options. Perhaps the salads are the main draw here, but I am not going to be taking that chance considering the number of places to eat in town.
3	i'm not sure if it was the low expectations going into this place or what, but I rather like it. It's essentially middle eastern fast food. Everything is kind of ready to go. They just assemble it. Like a Chipotle, really!Nothing was fantastic, but everything was just like what you'd expect. Again, a lot like Chipotle or the similar. The chicken is chicken. The beef is beef. Falafel is average, as well. I had a salad that was basically falafel (or any choice of meat) with a load of salad and toppings of your choice. The falafel was fried up the moment I ordered it, which is nice. They also let me sample the meats in advance.Again, nothing stood out, but nothing was bad. It's a great place to get a quick bite for lunch! It isn't too expensive, either. It's definitely a place for a quick in/out without much fuss.
4	This is my go to Mediterranean restaurant when on the go. The Greek salad is my favorite and completely gluten free (without the pita of course) Very resonably priced also and very fresh ingredients.
4	I was another who purchased on Groupon.  The photos made it look like a restaurant.  It is a strip mall fast food type place.  So I started out disappointed.  The food was not really my taste... but it was OK.  My vegan friend was beside herself loving it....so if you are a veggie type you will probably love it.
5	Great shawarma and schnitzel. Generous dish size, even kids menu is like an adult dish. Delicious! The owner and employees were very nice and welcoming.
2	I was looking for Mediterranean food and my usual go-to spot is closed on Sundays, so I looked on Yelp and found this place. I love Mediterranean and have tried many places throughout Vegas. This is by far my least favorite. It's a fast food joint, so don't come expecting good restaurant quality food. I ordered the falafel salad, expecting it to be like a Greek salad with falafel on top. Not even close. When I asked about different dressings (wanting a more traditional Greek style dressing) they were at a loss. And the falafel was burnt, which made the whole thing a throw away. All that and it cost me about what it would at a good Mediterranean restaurant. I'm giving it two stars because maybe they had an off day, or I just ordered the wrong thing here (I'm hoping the meat selections fare better). I wouldn't go back.
4	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. Parsley nachos $62. Chicken shwarma plate $93. Hummus $4for $4.42 (Used the groupon $16 value for $8)- The cashier was a bit fussy with the groupon. "I don't think you can use the groupon on the same day." She asked one of the other employees, and she said that you can bc it says that it's valid. Boo-ya! - Groupon SCAM! Check the receipt. Although, I'm not going to fight for 64cents. (-$7.36 wtf) Whatever...- She forced me to order more than $16 worth saying that its still under $16 before tax. I used Groupon many times, staying under the coupon value. This is a first. - 2nd class citizen service. Groupon haters. haha. Oh well...- On to what really matters, the food was amazingly good for the price!- Very fresh vegetables! Although next time, no fresh onions with the nachos! - Reminds me of a Mediterranean style Chipotle!- Hummus was great. I loved the olives and it comes with extra pita bread.- Some of the pita breads were hard to open and when I did, it ripped. xD- Although the pita chips appeared burnt, they were really tasty and good. - The steak was very flavorful. The chicken, however, was somewhat dry. The hummus sauce did the trick! - The meat are carved thin and marinated on a vertical skewer. Great aromatic flavors.
5	Love it, the six piece falafel and hummus is crispy, very good but you need to help them keep an eye on the frying time or the'll come Extra done!I usually get the wraps, they make their pita bread, spread with your choice of dressing and I get all the fillers! The chicken is my favorite.Price is decent and the girls at the counter pretty friendly! I just wish it was closer to my side of town.
4	This place is great. I travel to Vegas for work about 1x a month and have always wanted to try this place. I am so glad I did. I have gotten the hummus and dolmeh appetizers (both soooo good) and the gyro w/ fries. Their gyro meat was juicy (and had a nice crisp to the outside) and the fresh pita bread was so good. My one suggestion is that the olives they use are generic black olives (not kalamata olives) in their salad and hummus. Prices are great too. I got the 3 items above for around $12. Super affordable. I would 100% recommend eating here.
4	I've now been to Parsley twice. I held off on doing a review after the first visit because I used a Restaurant.com coupon the first time I went. I wanted to go again to get the full on effect of paying full price and comparing the quality of food. Food always tends to be awesome when you're getting it for a lower price, so I definitely wanted to balance the two experiences. I was going to go full on 5 Stars after my first experience. The great reviews about this place are actually very accurate and I do not think the 5 stars are not warranted. But also of note, this is not really totally authentic Mediterranean food, but kind of a "fast" take on Mediterranean food. Since it is what it is, that is how I will grade it. With that being said, on to the food.First time I went I opted for the baguette option instead of a wrap. I purchased two - a steak shwarma and a chicken shwarma. The chicken was for my husband, the steak for myself. I ordered the large, because hey, why not? I was using a coupon anyway. The quantity of meat/extras you get is very good, and it is good quality. Personally I liked the chicken better than the steak. These two shwarmas made four meals. One for my husband, and three for me! I also ordered the French fries (pretty good, nothing spectacular), and two cupcakes. Oh Em Gee were they good. The frosting was fluffy and the cake was perfect. Couldn't believe I got such amazing cupcakes at a Mediterranean place! Definitely grab one if you're in the mood for dessert, you won't regret it!Next experience - today I went for lunch, to pick up something to take home for myself. I decided to go for a wrap steak shwarma, large. I figured I'd eat half and have the rest tomorrow for lunch. For me this go round I felt as though the steak was lacking something, I just can't place my finger on it. It had an almost bitter taste I couldn't get over as I ate it. I also disliked the wrap option, I should have gotten the baguette option again. I'm just not a fan of tortillas unless they're in burrito form I guess. Plus the white flour tortilla I got was very dusty of flour and it got all over my hands. Meh.Overall I would return to Parsley, especially since it isn't *too* far from my home. Next time I think I'd like to try a plate of shwarma instead of a wrap. This is a good spot for good food. Employees are nice, if maybe a bit brisk with customers during their peak times. Try out Parsley for sure, it's a good bet for shwarma at a decent price in a nice location.
2	I came for Take Out on a Wednesday afternoon using a $16 Groupon.   They were located on S Pecos Rd/E Sunset Rd in Las Vegas.I ordered the Chicken Shwarma bowl ($7.95) and 3 skewers of beef ($2.95 each).  There were about 6 pieces of meat with vegetables on each skewer.  It was burned and very dry.  Next time, I would ask for the meat to be grilled medium rare and at a lower temperature.I will be back to use the other half of the Groupon.
4	Great service and authentic tasting. Little pricey but has great flavors. Nice and clean new place. The old restaurant burnt down so it's newly remodeled. Must check this place out.
5	I wasn't a fan of Shawarmas until I came here. I purchased the groupon as a quick dinner meal after the gym during the week when I had no time to cook. Went there not sure what to expect but I was delightfully surprised. The food is flavorful and delicious. Those pickled carrots or whatever they were are awesome. I love it. Anyways, great experience prompted me to get another groupon. I look forward to going back.
5	This place is amazing! Food is great and the prices are reasonable. Family meal for four with two apps, three drinks, two entrees and one dessert for $30. So much food we're taking a full to go box home.We'll definitely be back soon!
4	Generous portions delicious and refreshing!
3	The babagnaoush is fantastic, but everything else was just so-so. My husband on the other hand, REALLY liked it. I might have to give it another try just to be certain, but as it stands, meh, I can take it or leave it.
5	This place is AWESOME! I have been here 3 times so far and I will continue to come!  Super yummy wraps and fast service! My go-to place when I'm on the go. I love the wheat steak wrap with extra hummus! Definitely recommend this place!
4	This place is great!Their salads are fresh and have the right flavors. Wraps are huge even the reg size can be shared with someone. They have a card every 5th meal ordered the 6th is free! So if your looking for something fresh healthy and priced just right give them a try! :)
5	I've been to Parsley on quite a few occasions since my initial visit and it just keeps getting better and better every time I eat here. I've tried quite a few of their items and everything has been delicious, but one of the main reasons I decided to update and upgrade my review of Parsley is their version of nachos. My mom was the genius who ordered them and they are beyond amazing. Pita chips instead of chips, with tzaziki sauce, feta, tomatoes, cucumbers and parsley. I'm so glad my mom was generous enough to share! For less than $6 this dish is an absolute steal and there was plenty for two people to share as a meal. I think I was addicted after the first bite, it's that good. The rest of their menu is yummy and healthy as well and I've never had a bad meal here. I only wish they were closer for me to go more often.Not to mention customer service is always outstanding. They are so friendly and accommodating here!
3	We were in the area, Parsley caught our interest so we stopped in. They kindly gave us samples when they heard it was our first time. We each ordered a wrap, I had the regular with steak and my husband chose the chicken on wheat. with tasty fries. We also got an order of falafel.Both varieties of shwarma are good, the wheat wrap is way too dry, I don't recommend it. Get the regular. Other fillings are fresh and tasty. The falafel tasted way overcooked; based on my experience I can't recommend that either.I'd like to try the salad on a return visit.
5	Went there twice during our stay at vegas. Had chicken and beef shwarma. They both tasted fantastic. I took rice and salad with it. Quite a good combination. To top it off I took eggplant curry which was also good. The curry tasted a bit sour that blended perfectly with the meat and rice. Would definitely revisit if I get a chance.
5	The best shawarma I  ever had. I went there twice in just three days. I had both chicken and beef shawarma, and don't know which one was better! The environment was also very good.
4	Good enough for me! I'm vegetarian, so I had the falafel wrap- large. It was very good, and filling, and reasonably priced. And I would come back!It's a hole in the wall, yeah, but the staff is friendly and efficient, and the falafel and hummus and salad are good and fairly priced.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for quite awhile now after driving by it so many times. Went here with my daughter. It was lunch time and they were busy. The way the place is arranged does not really leave much room for a line of people. My daughter had the chicken shawarma wrap and I had the steak. First thing, the wraps didn't look appetizing at all. They just looked kind of blah. The first bite I took, the steak was hard and chewy. I had dispose of it in my napkin. I had to repeat that on several other bites that were just too tough to be edible. Also, there was too much sauce. I don't like my wraps dry so it takes a lot of sauce for me to say there is too much. My daughter did better with her chicken but she  said there was a few bites that tasted like there was sand in them. Needless to say , I will not be returning.
4	For fast food this place is awesome. Been here a few times and the food is pretty good.The salads are good and so are the wraps. I rather eat here than any other fast food chain and it's healthier!!!!
5	Great little place for a healthy snack. This food type isn't for everyone but they offer a vegan menu or option for most of their items. Good portion sizes. Love that they're near by. Fresh food beats the Jack in the box that was across the way.
4	As mention from Arthur L, one stamp each visit. Get there around 11am as this place do get busy and it is a long wait period.I have went to Parsley for two years now and the shwarma wrap is great, either beef or chicken.  The curry is not bad bad.
5	Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor. My favorite is the wraps. They also have bowls, plates, salads, vegetarian options and daily specials. I love that their fries are cooked fresh to order and I like that they offer a combo option unlike some Mediterranean fast food places. Oh and currently they offer a groupon special, $8 for $16. Love it!
5	Absolutely love this place..good food...good price...I wish I have this place by my house!!!  Love it!!
5	I was in the area yesterday so I saw this place and popped in for lunch.  Ordered the Chicken Shishkabob plate to go and ate it when I got home.  It came with some yellow rice, an Israeli salad, and spicy carrots.  The whole plate was delicious and filling.  I'll definitely stop by again when I'm in the neighborhood.
1	Meat looks not fresh.Today, I saw review and I first time went to Parsley.The meat( beef) is very old.some of them are very dry and very hard.Customer service is very low.No greetings no smiles.We asked only we want rice is separate bowl(because the kids doesn't eat vegetable).They said no. That is same things but they still keeping to say no.So I had to separate by my self.The French fries are farrrr a way to be cocked Mediterranean way with smelled old oil.We will not recommend to my friends especially from Mediterranean or Middle East.We couldn't enjoy. The music inside was  too laud ( like a nightclub)by the cashier I couldn't hear what service lady said.so we eat out side.My husband has Mediterranean and middle eastern  blood line. He eat 5 spoons only.I feel so bad to come here.I can't understand why so many good reviews.May be I am wired.Or today is worst day of service and taste.Check it out yourself and let' us know.
5	Has some of the best customer service and the freshest chicken shawarma salad I've ever had!
1	Fair price low quality food. Service sucks, cashiers have attitude. Very cheap and very stingy people here. Also why have workers working with food with no knowledge of the ingredients. This is my third and final visit, it's upsetting how excited I was that a shawarma place was opened so close to me, oh well.
3	I was led here by Emily R. who posted the most DELICIOUS looking photo of a wrap from Parsley, so I purchased the Groupon and off we went to Parsley. For our family of 4 (2 adults & 2 small children), we ordered a ton of food, but were able to finish it all, and without the Groupon, the total would have come out to about $40.My husband ordered a large steak shwarma wrap combo on wheat (I love that it is an option), I got the chicken shwarma salad, the kids shared our food plus falafel, and two baklavas (squares, not cigars). When I went to pay, I was told that the combo is not valid with the Groupon. She told me she could charge for the side of fries separately, until I told her to charge the combo separately because the side of fries was $4.00 + change whereas the combo upgrade was $2 + change. She also charged me $.50 for olives on my salad, and $.50 for chickpeas even though the guy said it was free. Also $.50 for tzatziki sauce. They seriously nickel and dime you here. We got a soda cup which came with the combo, but their soda machine doesn't offer water... They do however, have a fridge full of bottled drinks that DOES include water... They also do not freely give out napkins, so you have to wait until someone is available if you want more than the 1 they gave you... It seems like very very cheap management happening in this establishment. The food was alright. The salad mix came pre-mixed and was very very wet. I like being able to control the amount of dressing on my salad, but overall, the flavors were very fresh and the chicken was alright. My husband's wrap was better than mine which was layered with hummus, their salad mix, and steak. He did not love it however. I enjoyed the couple of bites I took but didn't want the carb bomb that came with the 16" tortilla. The falafel and hummus were tasty and a generous serving for the price. Lastly, when I ordered the baklava, the girl told me that the cigars have no nuts and only cinnamon. I was confused as to how that could be a baklava, but took her word on it because my son is allergic to peanuts and they were unable to answer "Do these have peanuts?" We were later told that they do have nuts in them, although uncertain as to what kind, plus the cinnamon. Whatever. We just got some. There was no honey on them which made the filo dry, but the nut mix inside was yummy. There is just SUCH better baklava other places in town (Manan Bakery!). Overall, we'll be passing on another visit to Parsley. I think the food looks better than it tastes.
5	happy with the first time, but the second time one worker there do my food.after i oder the food,she start to filled my plate up, then she scrap alot of my food back in the prep-food container. i see that she did it in front of my face.i feel like left-over for people thatorder the rice that she scrap of my plate.i was the only customer that was in there to order food.awhile making my food she also make many different food.it must been for her.she should worries about customer food first,but she didnt.i also notice on the picture wall order that is couple chicken in kids meal.awhile waiting for the chicken kids meal to be cook.after she done fried the chicken.she took one pieces chicken and put it aside.then i ask her why there is only one pieces chicken,when on the order menu wall show 2 pieces of chicken,she answer the one on the wall has two small pieces of chicken,you only get one when is big.i told her  i see her put one pieces away and on the side.she then get really agressive at me. she told me that all i get. i left the place. i think i never come back here. after for about one month, i decide to stop by and see about this place.this place was busy with may worker and i did not see her there. i order the food and left.
2	So I've been here two other times before and loved it. This time, however, was a different story all together. Maybe it was because my husband and I finally decided to buy the groupon that has been on there for weeks, but either way, our experience was less than desirable.The staff said hello pleasantly enough when we came in, but then the guy taking our order started to have a bad attitude and not listen. My husband knew exactly what he wanted, what type of meat on his wrap, etc., and ordered it that way. The guy then (nearly screaming, mind you) asked him at least three more times while making the wrap if he wanted chicken or steak. We had our kids and their friend with us also (maybe the larger group caused the bad attitude?  Not sure) and the guy did the same thing to my son a few times, as well. We got combos on the meals (majority of them) and when we got to check out, my husband presented the groupon. The girl then told us with the groupon we couldn't get the combos. We were a little confused as to why we couldn't get fries and a drink and had to ask her several times before she managed to properly explain that the combo was a 'special deal' and we could only do one deal per transaction. We told her that's fine then and to ring the fries and drinks up separately. We still wanted those regardless of price. It took quite a while to get the fries, which was fine as we ate our actual food until then, but the steak shawarma itself was actually not that great this time. It was dry and kind of crusty, and I myself had a terrible stomach ache the rest of the night like I was going to be sick.The worst part was they kept belittling another employee in there in front of us and ignoring him by speaking Spanish to each other and kept telling him to get in the back. In Spanish they'd say they didn't want him up front with them and to send him in the back.Honestly this visit really upset me because the other times I absolutely loved this place but I don't feel like I'd go back now due to this experience. Maybe it was a bad day for these guys but it definitely produced terrible service and a not so great meal.
2	We've been here twice and it was delicious and everyone was nice.  Last night we came in for dinner the guy and girl at the counter were less than friendly.  We ordered steak shawarma and the guy asked me 6 more times if I wanted chicken or steak and by ask me I mean he yelled at me and my son.  At one point the older gentleman that was cleaning the counter answered for me and told him that I said steak.  The food took a very long time and I'm assuming that it was due to us using a Groupon.  The girl that rang us up was less than happy to take the Groupon and actually told us we couldn't use the Groupon for or combo meals and that she would have to ring our 5 orders up separately from the fries and drinks.  So we asked her kindly to please do so and even gave her a tip.  Afterward we could here the two employees speaking in Spanish to each other deciding what to do with the older gentleman  until they eventually told him to stay in the back and out of the front.  He was really nice by the way.  Then I could hear the two of them clamoring on about customers and just being overall unkind about their patrons.  I guess they figured a group of white people obviously can't understand Spanish, guess again!
1	Their beef and chicken on the rotisserie was old and hard.  I almost cracked a molar on their crappy meat.  I wil lnever go back there again and I had a Shwerma salad.   Stay Away.  Go to Olive or some other place for middle east food, these guys sell you old food.
2	Found this place through Groupon, stopped by to grab dinner. Had a few customer service issues redeeming my deal, mostly pertaining to the receipt- face value of my deal was for $18, yet I only received credit for $15.36 and somehow owed about $2. Employees were unable or unwilling to explain why the transaction happened this way.In any case, the food was fairly tasty.Beef tagine seems to be a frequent special, and it smells amazing. Taste isn't quite as delicious as the smell though, but I did appreciate that the dish was served on a bed of rice and with a drink (though they didn't give me mine). Beef itself is on the dry side, but it's a saucy dish so it did not ruin the meal.The chicken shwarma salad is decent: moist chicken and fresh veggies, but a bit too much rice for my liking turned it into more of a bowl. Tahini dressing was on the bland side and slightly chalky. They charge 50 cents to add a tablespoon of feta to your dish- and they literally measure out it with a spoon, which is bizarre and stingy to me.I wouldn't hurry to rush back, largely because of their lack of transparency with billing, but there are so many other places that do Mediterranean in Vegas that I'd rather try another. I can say though, if you are craving beef tagine specifically, this place will probably hit the spot- flavors are correct, but hope it was just an off day for the meat.
2	I've been hearing about this place and finally had a chance to stop in while in the area. The service was excellent and friendly. The portions were large and flavorful. I ordered the beef wrap and the everything was wonderful except the meat. It was rock hard and the texture was tougher than beef jerky. I wish I had ordered the chicken or just vegie wrap. I would not go out of my way to come here but if I am in the area, I might try something else to give them a second chance.
1	This place said they have the best wraps in town so I had to try it. They use tortillas from a bag, the ingredients weren't too bad but weren't great, but the worst part is the smell of this place! It's awful! I don't know what died but get rid of it. I can't tell if it smells like a dirty kitty litter box, horse stables, or some hippy's armpit. Sorry to say, I will never eat there again.
1	Parsley was always one of my favorite places until today. I was just about to order the beef tagine ( which is one of my favorite dishes) until I looked down and saw it sitting in a pan all dried out. It looked awful. So disappointed. Probably won't be back.  :(
2	Staff is poorly trained and bad attitude. They charged me the wrong price on my item and claimed it didn't matter what the menu board said, the register had a different price. When they finally agreed to refund the $1 difference, there was no apology, Just a look of "how dare youdesire to be charged the correct price." Food was so-so.
4	Time for an update.I've found over the many times that I've been here since last review that, while they do offer pretty good food with some vaguely healthy ingredients, they don't have that something special to warrant my previous five star rating.- The beef tagine hasn't lived up to the first time that I had it.- While the falafel balls are still good, especially if you have it in a wrap and get a salad that (ironically) doesn't include chickpeas, I have definitely had better places.- The meat options that I've tried are pretty decent but not great. Steak shawarma was a letdown. Beef kebab was pretty good but isn't really worth a ten minute additional wait (cook time).I would call them somewhat of an Americanized take on the cuisine since they don't really have all the spices (or sweet/spicy sauces) that you find at great falafel / shawarma places. My friend actually had a beef BBQ baguette today, and I'm pretty sure the BBQ-esque flavor that I sampled doesn't belong in any sort of authentic restaurant of this sort. Still, with the prevalence of their salad mix and spicy carrots, they're a decent casual place for food that doesn't feel wholly unhealthy.One more thing: you should know that they've been raising their prices and that they seem to do some strange things with entering Groupons at the register. Regarding prices, I'm pretty sure salads and large wraps were $8.49, baguettes were $7.49, and regular wraps were $6.49 today. Regarding Groupon, I'm guessing that the value is applied after tax or something, but others and I have found ourselves to be paying unusual (albeit small) amounts of cash when we didn't expect to owe anything.
4	My husband and I both ordered the Chicken Shawarma to go. Fresh, delicious ingredients. Fast, friendly service. An "A" rating. And decent portions for the price. Just needed a bit of salt and pepper, but otherwise it was great.
4	Great customer service, generous portions. The bowl I got was quite large and lasted me another meal. It is a bit heavy on the rice. I was able to use a groupon but it is the type of place I would not mind coming back to because of the service I received and the cleanliness of the establishment.
4	A nice lunch place. If you want something healthy with some flavor and won't break the bank this place is A-1. The staff was nice so I'm not sure where those comments of unfriendly staff came from. The chicken was very well cooked & didn't feel weighed down after eating it. Will go back again.
3	Had chicken shishbabob and beef kabob. Chicken was good but beef was not juicy.To be fair, it was a to-go and took some time before eating, and it was grilled to order - I felt like I missed the best moment.I'll eat there while fresh next time.
1	Hmmm...I'm not sure why the reviews for this restaurant are so high. I found the food to be basically inedible. We ordered the chicken shwarma plates($9.49) after tasting a sample of both the chicken and the beef. The beef was most definitely dry dry dry. The chicken was only slightly better so my husband and I both ordered the chicken. It came with rice which was neither fluffy nor flavorful. The largest portion on the plate was the salad which was okay. I found it to be the most edible thing on the plate. The pita bread was your basic packaged pita. The chicken and the rice were so dry and bland that my husband and I left all but a couple of forkfuls and gave the rest to our dogs who were also indifferent. They ate it anyway but not with the same enthusiasm as for other leftovers. My son had the BBQ Beef Sandwich combo ($10) - the beef was flavorless but was "saved by the BBQ sauce" according to my son. And the bread was soggy. The fries were kind of mushy.  He said he wished we would have went to McDonald's. Me too I guess. It's cheaper anyway. I say skip this place and save your money.
4	Not bad. Had the shawarma wrap. Its not the real deal if you know shawarma like I do but its decent. $3 for a very old baklava (dessert) was disappointing. Make it $1 or on the house befor you throw it away. I'll be back though. Not bad at all.
5	Great food and good prices, not a big fan of Bbabaganoush normally but here it is awesome.
1	What the heck is wrong with you people who like this place???!!! I got a chicken wrap....to go....got back to the office....took a bite.....chicken bones!!!!! Bad enough that I'm having lunch at three....but now...no lunch!!!! This place sucks!!! Next time I want something healthy but tasty, I will go ANYWHERE BUT HERE!!!!
4	Tasty, cheap, pretty healthy.  The wraps are where it's at, along with the house made pita chips and hummus.  Do it.
3	I've gone to parsley twice and I love their falafels. They taste house made and are served with hummus. For $3.50 it's just super yum.I had their curry last time which was tasty but almost bland. It may have been because I got the last serving but hey it was served to me so that's what I'm judging. I'm a sucker for curries too.I also had a chicken kabob plate. This was okay. It was kind if bland. Served with a pita, rice, and a salad. This was $8 I believe.Most recently I got their chicken scwharma over hummus. This was advertised as a special which was lame because I assumed it would be a meal. It was a tin filled with hummus with chicken sliced into it with chickpeas. It had sauce over it and served with a thin very large pita type bread. This was good but more of a shared appetizer. Couldn't eat a large serving of this. The chicken was good with a nice smokey grilled taste to it. This was $8 I believe.Overall I think the place is affordable for something unique and fresh. Their food is consistent. The place is clean. I would definitely return for their falafel but I am still on the look out for a good casual Mediterranean place with good falafel.
5	In an area surrounded by chain restaurants and mediocre food, this place is an oasis!!!!! Fresh ingredients, friendly people, and a unique concept that you won't find anywhere else. I come here almost everyday for lunch. I've tried everything on the menu and I haven't had anything I didn't like. You can count on getting exactly what you need for your lunch or dinner fix. It's quick so you'll be in and out in no time.
3	I'd seen this place for awhile ago and had been wanting to try it. I didn't go, my friend picked up lunch, so this is just a review on the food. I had the filafel wrap. It was good but not great, especially for the price. The onions were a little excessive and I had a hard time distinguishing different flavors over that. I've had worse filafels but I've definitely had better, at least outside of vegas.
5	I've been here a few times and the place is great! Huge portions, reasonably priced and tastes very authentic! I will definitely be coming back.
5	This place is amazing, the food was the best quick serve Mediterranean I have had. Cant wait to go back! :)
4	For being a fast-food sort of place it was really very good.  I got a "Beef Baguette", which is pretty much what it sounds like: hummus, beef, and tabbouleh on a baguette -- certianly a bit nicer than the standard pita!Definately worth going to if you're looking for something cheap, but not really worth a trip in and of itself.
5	Came here for the first time a couple months ago and wasn't very impressed, but I was blown away upon my second visit last week. It must be under new management or something. Employees were very helpful and even let me sample the shawarma. Ended up going with the chicken kabob bowl, which takes a few extra minutes to prepare, but was worth the wait. The meat was so juicy and flavorful. I also love those little picked carrots they serve. So tasty! I would love to have one of these closer to where I live.
5	My colleagues and I went to parsley for work today. We could not have been more satisfied with quick service, and the food was great! Love the chicken kabob salad it was very fresh and juicy!
5	I have eaten a few times for lunch at Parsley and have never been disappointed.  The shwarma chicken wraps are delicious as well as all their salads.  Very fresh.  I also decided to have them cater my daughters graduation and all my guests raved about the food.
5	The falafel from here is amazing and still steaming hot when served. It's definitely the best falafel I've had outside of Israel.And the service was fantastic!
5	My wife and I went out for dinner here.  I had the nachos and  she had a beef with rice plate (sorry I don't remember what to call it).  The food was good and fast.  The service was helpful and friendly.  The price was around $9 each with a drink and fries so I thought that was good.  We had left over food so we brought it home and our teenage son chomped it all down so he liked it also.  Though I have had better mediterranean food at restaurants this place is 5 stars for a quick lunch or dinner!  I would recommend it to anyone!
2	Food is great! Service is definitely not, and beware of their "loyalty card", big SCAM!!!
5	Amazing food! Never disappointed.
3	I told the guy I am a first timer, he offers us a sample of the beef shawarma (he cut it from the top).  I want to try the chicken one but he said they were out (when he was taking the last piece left from the stand, not sure if he is going to throw it away), he said those are no good.  The piece we tried, they were good.  However, when he cut it for our plate, he cut from the bottom, which has a lot of fat, tough, and the chewy part in it.  Price wise, for a plate (come with a small scope of rice, meat, salad, sauce, spicy carrot and a pita bread is $9.49+ tax.  According to the menu, I ordered the beef shawarma bowl, it should be $8.xx, but he charges me the same price as the plate.  I didn't look at the receipt till I got back to the hotel, it's not worth my time to go back and argue for the $.  The prices listed on their web site are pretty outdated.  Plates are $10.25, bowls are more than $9 after tax.  The guy is cutting from his skin.  I like the falafel as they cook it when I ordered it.  The Babaganoush is not bad.  If I go again, I may just go early and get the chicken wrap instead.
1	Fair price low quality food. Service sucks, cashiers have attitude. Very cheap and very stingy people here. Also why have workers working with food with no knowledge of the ingredients. This is my third and final visit, it's upsetting how excited I was that a shawarma place was opened so close to me, oh well. Also, very stingy.
4	Mediterranean fast food. Food is very tasty, though, but this is not the place to go if you want ambiance.
2	With all the good reviews, I'm a little surprised that we didn't like our food. I got the steak shawarma wrap, which had really dry meat. My husband tried the chicken shawarma plate, but the chicken again was very dry. We also shared some hummus but we both thought it was very bitter. I was excited it was so close, but sadly we won't be back.
5	Awesome place great food always clean, good service I love this place everything always clean and I'm really impressed call me for a long time a lot
5	Came here with my Vegan wife.  What a bunch of options for both of us.  Service was great and quick and the food was amazing.  You have to try the falafel!  This is now on our short list for places to go and eat when we are looking for casual dining at amazing prices!
3	It's been awhile, but I happened to be in the area of Parsley over this past weekend and decided it would be a good place to grab my lunch on my way back home from shopping. I ran in while my husband sat in the car outside and found the place to be deserted. They had just open a few minutes prior, so I was concerned the meat wouldn't be completely ready - but it was. I ordered steak shwarma and opted for the wheat wrap. I got extra taziki sauce and red onion. I also got a slight sprinkling of feta cheese.When I got home and opened my wrap it looked good - but the taste was MEH. The shwarma was very over-done, almost burnt tasting and crispy. The lady had shaved off the meat for awhile (I wasn't sure what she was doing), but apparently whatever it was, it yielded some not-so-great steak shwarma. This is not close to where I live so I doubt I'll be hustling to make a return visit.
5	Awesome chicken curry and Mediterranean food in general! Will return again, and again, and again...
5	Just happened to stop by this place and let me just say the beef kabob is the BEST IVE EVER TASTED!! Excellent deal with groupon!
4	Been craving beef kabobs for a while so I decided to give this place a try. They were out of beef kabobs when I got there so I got a steak shawarma plate instead. Good stuff with generous portions. They also offer 3 types of hot sauce (mild, hot and...fire, I think?). Got the hot to test the waters and wish I got fire instead. Maybe my tongue is just used to really spicy food. I don't know. The hot sauce had a good flavor to it, though! As for customer service, it was Nicole who prepared my food and she is such a sweetheart! Gave out a coupon at the cashier, so I'm coming back soon. Hopefully they have the kabobs next time.
3	The falafel was very good, not as good as Olive Hookah, but definitely comes in second as far as tasty falafel in Las Vegas. The falafel plate came with SIX pieces PLUS hummus for under $4.00. That is an awesome deal. The hummus was very good too. It tasted different than any hummus I've had in Las Vegas. My son had the kids chicken shawarma plate and he loved it. So did I as I tasted a few spoonfuls from his plate. The place is very clean, HOWEVER, what I didn't like, (and this almost made me walk out if it weren't for the fact I was too lazy to cook and wanted to get home in a hurry) was the smell of a wet rag when you walked in. It was a very prominent smell and it was gross.
4	Shwarma bowl with everything on it is pure heaven. The pita chips and hummus is always tasty as well. Just slightly overpriced by a dollar or two; but I like the small setting, everything is visible from the counter, and the food is always delicious.
4	The chicken wraps and the baba ganoush with pita are delicious! The falafel was overcooked. Very nice staff on 2 visits.
5	Hands down, this is the BEST falafel I have had in the Las Vegas area!  The staff is friendly and know their products well. The manager came to my work a few weeks ago and dropped off free pitas & hummus.  The freshly made hummus was AWESOME! We all got coupons for flatbread sandwich & drink for $5.99 and buy one get one half off.  I was there today because I didn't want to grab a fast food lunch, I will definitely be going back!
4	Been coming here since they opened. Everything has just gotten better and better. Friendly staff and delicious food. Don't think of it like Chipotle though. Ingredients are predetermined, you just say yes or no. Make sure and get some hot sauce it yummy and super hot.
5	Ok so if you have never had schwarma, don't ask what it is, just go and order a chicken shwarma wrap with everything on it, add feta. I absolutely crave this place. Their pita chips are made fresh and are crispy salty crunchy seasoned goodness. Try it once. You are addicted. Its all over. Go there. You need this.
