3	Went here for the first time today. The staff is really friendly. Ice cream was good and the cookies were soft.
4	Great new place with an awesome concept.  You walk in and there are numerous cookies to chose from (including brownie, chocolate chip, oatmeal choc chip, peanut butter, snickerdoodle), then you pick a flavor of ice cream.  They have strawberry cheesecake, cotton candy, butter pecan, vanilla, and many others. Then they put it together and you have a giant ice cream sandwich.  It was about 3.50 each, so not too bad and an awesome treat.
3	Love these kinda places.. Baked Bear (San Diego) and Diddy Riese (LA). Its a pretty simple concept yet this place isn't cutting it for me. Come on thrifty ice cream?? You can get that stuff at Walgreen's for 70 cents a scoop.  The cookies were excellent and fresh and the staff was very friendly. Both places listed above use quality ingredients and their cookies sandwiches are cheaper in price. The place also looks like it isn't all the way completed in terms of construction, the cookies should be closer for the costumers to view and seating was lacking. But you really cant go wrong with an Ice cream cookie sandwich, I guess I had too lofty of expectations...
5	Everything you could want in an ice cream sandwich!!
4	Ok...  so I always have a sweet tooth!  And this place was bookmarked for a while and I had to try my own ice cream sandwich creation!  As you are walking towards the entry door, the smell of freshly baked cookies was in the air!  Nothing could stop me at this point from going in...  We walked in to meet a friendly staff.  One of the girls was stocking fresh baked cookies to choose from! They had a wide variety of cookies such as M&M, brownie cookie, tuxedo, snicker doodle and oatmeal.  Plus they have Gluten Free options ~ Peanut butter and chocolate chip.   Ice cream selection was just as great...  So many options!I decided on the Cappuccino Crunch ice Cream between White Chip Macadamia Nut cookies.   I'm sure you could choose 2 different cookies if you wanted to make your ice cream sandwich but I played it on the safe side. It was good! I couldn't really eat it as a sandwich because of how much ice cream was in the middle. So of course I used a spoon to eat most of it.  The cookies were wonderful but the ice cream was ok.  The seating was kind of weird.  Felt like it was tucked in the back corner. Just wished it was set up differently.  Tables needed to be wiped off but I don't know how busy they were before we got there.  All in all, it was a great treat that filled my stomach.  That alone ended up being my dinner.  Who says you can't have ice cream for dinner?  ;-)
4	Ice cream + cookies = ice cream sandwich and perfection. Who doesn't love an ice cream sandwich?  And with the incredible taste and creaminess of Thrifty ice cream coupled with soft , delicious cookies I don't see how any dessert can be more satisfying!  I love that you can choose two of the same or two different cookies, and there are quite a few to choose from.  And some of the best Thrifty ice cream flavors are right here!  The prices are actually reasonable considering how expensive ice cream can be.  The employees are super friendly and helpful and they'll explain the concept to you if you've never been there before.  My only complaint is the weird layout of the seating.  I had to walk all the way to the back to find that there were no seats.  The other store has a much better layout.  Can't wait to go back and make more ice cream + cookie creations!
4	Finally! A location on my side of town.Sweed addiction has been serving up custom ice cream sandwiches on the west side for years now. Thus I was pretty excited to see that they opened a location in Green Valley! I mean who can hate on ice cream and cookies? Well I guess diabetics and lactose intolerant people =(.Sweet Addiction is our version of LA's Diddy Reese or Berkeley's C.R.E.A.M.Generous scoops of thrifty ice cream are sandwiched between any of their fresh baked cookies. They apparently use the entire gambit of Thrifty brand ice cream for their sandwiches. If you aren't in the mood for cookies, you can just get a scoop of Medieval Madness. There are about 10 different cookies types, all of them fresh baked. At $3.50 I think they are a little overpriced compared to their Cali counterparts but still worth it.  The store is very casual and kid friendly but the lay out is kinda weird and I wish they had more seats. Overall a great alternative to Cold Stone and the like for a frozen treat!
5	What can be better homemade cookies and yummy thrifty ice cream.  Sooo good. They are super. Friendly and both locations.  We traveled to the other side of town to the older one for a while so happy they have one closer now.  Make sure you have the perka app so you can have a pinch card on you phone.  Yummy place love the tuxedo with chocolate malted crunch. Yummy what a treat .
3	Honestly, nothing special. The motif is super lackadaisical, like, it's trying to be trendy and modern, but falls very short. The stick-on letters on the wall inside are peeling off.  Come on, guys.I love the concept and don't really know how you screw it up, but it's just so-so. I was super excited to learn there was one in Hendo, not so excited after a visit or two. The staff is super young and robotic. I mean, we're talking about ice-cream and cookies here. If you need a sweet fix, check it out. I just expected more for this cute little nugget of a concept.Get your ice cream cookie sammich on, guys!
5	We just found our new neighbor favorite for dessert! very well organized, many choices of thrifty ice creams and fresh cookies to make your own creation....place is VERY CLEAN and the staff was super nice :)
4	We bought the white chocolate chip macadamia cookie and chocolate malt crunch ice cream. Delicious.
5	First time at a Sweet Addiction.  It's an ice cream sandwich that you choose the ends and the ice cream. Pretty simple concept. We walked in 30 min before close and you would think you would get bad service but the complete opposite!  Alex was super helpful. Great Ice Cream sandwich. We will be back for sure.
3	So I am mixed feelings about this place after trying it out for the first time. I tried the ice cream sandwich with a white chocolate macadamia nut cookie and cookies n cream ice cream. I was not too fond of the cookies. They were too hard for my liking. The ice cream on the other hand was awesome. Why you might ask....because it's Thrifty ice cream DUH! love love love thrifty ice cream. I would visit again but next time I won't be getting a ice cream cookie sandwich I will just stick to a scoop of thrifty cookies n cream ice cream.
5	Had an amazing experience tonight at Sweet Addiction!   Alex and Jackie were absolutely the best!  We'll be back soon.
4	At first all the choices of cookies and ice cream can be overwhelming. Oh and did I mention they use thrifty ice cream? I chose to go with chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream with white chocolate macadamia nut cookie and tuxedo(chocolate and white chocolate) cookie on the other side. It was enjoyable but I felt like the cookie could have been better. Overall I enjoyed my experience and might stop in again if im in the area.
3	They have Thrifty Ice cream!I got the ice cream sandwich with a chocolate & white chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream.I thought the cookie would be too sweet with ice cream but it was actually a pretty good combo!!
2	For something like an ice cream sandwich the cookie has to be soft so it doesn't cut the roof of you mouth. The cookie has to be soft and stable. The concept is cool but the ice cream sandwiches itself is very mediocre tasting. And don't get me wrong I love triftys ice cream, probably mostly because of nostalgic reason. I am though most definatly not addicted. Have an It's It if your looking for that California nostalgia as a kid they sell it at the food 4 less next to this place. And they also have a thriftys ice shop by wigwam if u like. Service was nice and personal but it took too long. Watching them try and scoop ice cream was painful. And it makes me wonder how long those tubs of ice cream actually hang out there before they use up a flavor. Though it is cheaper to buy a tub then having to spin ur own ice cream. But I would have like them to come up with some of their own cool I.C. flavors.
3	The summerlin location is better. It seems like the cookies in summerlin are fresher, it's probably because they're a lot busier. No the less I prefer warm, soft cookies and these cookies were hard as a rock
4	I scream you scream we all scream for ICE CREAM !! hahaha ok that was cheesy but seriously who doesn't love ice cream and cookies. Concept is easy. Choose your cookie (you can choose two different ones if you'd like) then choose which thrifty's flavored ice cream you want. Bam ... instant ice cream sandwich!  The only thing I wish is that the cookies were warm but when I was there they had fresh cookies that were just coming out of the oven so I chose that instead !!!  If you're not a fan of the ice cream sandwich you can get it on a cone or without or even as a float. Lastly ... check-in using Yelp or Facebook you get 50 cents off and right now they have a groupon $5 for $10 worth or $10 for $20 worth ... these are so many reasons to go try it out !!
3	It's a concept that makes you wonder why you didn't think of it first. Half bakery, half ice cream parlor. Put the two together and it's almost as delightful of a pairing as Mickey and Minnie Mouse, or Ginger Rodgers and Fred Astaire, or Match Game and Hollywood Squares, or... okay, you get the picture.Pick your ice cream, stick it between two cookies, and you're on your way. That's basically it, it's not much more than that. The cookies were tasty, and I'm sure they weren't OLD or anything, but they weren't amazing. And if you're building your concept off of cookies and ice cream, you kind of have to have amazing cookies. That's the whole point.I think the ice cream is Thrifty's, which isn't Baskin-Robbins or Coldstone, but that don't worry me none because I love Thrifty's ice cream just as much.The people there were really friendly, and it seems as though they're into community outreach, which is always a plus in my book. I'll probably go back when I get the craving, but I can also just do this at home.
3	A friend of mine has always been talking about this place, and when they opened one up a few blocks away from my house I had to go.Personally I think the prices here are pretty expensive, compared to LA's $1.50 ice cream sandwiches. One of the few times I came here was on Thursday and they were doing a special where it was $1.50 and that was definitely worth it. $3.50...not so much.The people that work behind the counter are really helpful and nice though. They were able to explain which was their best product and which flavors go really well together.I got the white chocolate macadamia cookie with birthday cake ice cream. SWEETNESS OVERLOAD. I love how they use thrifty's ice cream big big plus in my book. The only problem I have with the place is that its decoration is so bland. I wish they would put more decorations up! This place definitely has potential, but I wouldn't be going out of my way to come back here again.
4	Initially I was not a fan of this location for various reasons, but at the same time I was excited I didn't have to drive all the way to the west side of town just for an ice cream sandwich. 1 of the reasons being that there wasn't a .50 cents discount for the yelp check in like at the Fort Apache location. However, I went here last week and I was relieved to see as I entered the check in discount was offered. In fact I think there was an addition discounts because I paid 4.86 for 2 ice cream sandwiches. That is certainly a deal in my book considering I was charged 3.80 something my first visit just for 1 ice cream sandwich. I'm not sure if they finished the interior because I didn't walk around, but hopefully it becomes just like the other one. My first visit during the summer there was minor construction projects that were not yet finished. I must say the layout is sort of weird too. Despite the physical aspects, the ice cream and the cookies are just as delicious. On my most recent visit I had an andes mint cookie and a chocolate chip walnut cookie with chocolate malt ice cream. I am a huge fan of andes mint and I don't know if they previously had this? This cookie is so good I might have to find a recipe and make it myself. It's basically a chocolate chip cookie made with pieces of andes mint instead. Glad this experience was more like my previous ones (Fort Apache) and I will definitely stop by if I'm around Henderson.
5	The destination of many a planned "cheat meal" from my gym!  Pick your favorite cookies and stuff your favorite ice cream in between.  Who wouldn't be in heaven?  I have nothing more to say.
4	So Good!
5	What a winning combination! Cookies that are made from scratch and Thrifty Ice Cream my all time favorite. I love the concept of customizing your cookie sandwich as well. The selection of cookies and flavors of Thrifty ice cream are not too shabby either. 25 flavors.  They serve the perennial favorites like; Pistachio, Chocolate Malted Crunch, Pecan Praline and the newer ones Circus Animal Cracker and Medieval Madness .What is impressive are the cookies are made in house and baked fresh DAILY. The leftovers are donated to Three Square.  Pretty sweet way to give back to the community.There is quite an assortment of cookies to choose from too. M&M, Snicker Doodle, White Chocolate Macadamia and gluten free Peanut Butter to name a few. This visit I tried a Sugar cookie and gluten free Peanut Butter sandwiched between Strawberry Cheesecake ice cream. Indeed the cookies are made from scratch, it did not have that processed packaged taste to it. Texture though was a little bit on the soft chewy side on sugar cookie compared to the Peanut Butter one that had a crunch to it. It's a tad difficult to have as a cookie sandwich after a few bites since the ice cream spills out.  No worries though, that's why they serve it in a cup and offer spoons. For the price of $3.50 for 2 cookies made in house mind you and ice cream that rocks, I'd say is a great deal.  The one scoop of  ice cream I got was a pretty generous serving. There is a deal where you can check in on the YELP app from your mobile phone and get $0.50 off. I've also used goupon deals that they have. Other highlights: They make cookie sundaes and root beer floats.  You can also get Thrifty ice cream served in single double or triple scoop. They also sell hand packed pints and quarts too! Service and atmosphere.  No complaints.  The layout to the dining area is odd shaped no big deal.  Its cute and bright. Seats approx 20. They could utilize the long counter more if they added some stools for additional seating.If this is your first time they will guide you on how to place an order. Staff has always been cheerful,  friendly and helpful. Even when it's busy they are pretty efficient and can handle a large group. Definitely a great choice for having your fix for Thrifty Ice Cream and cookies!
1	Great ice cream, poor hygiene.  The server was scooping ice cream to a pint, that I've ordered, the scoop n ice cream touches her hand yet she is still sccoping the ice cream...I'm watching her every movements,  I asked didn't you just see or felt what happened? All she said was oh..ok I already wash my hands....my point was...when you are working with any sort of food...plastic gloves are recommended......Very unhygienic :-( Dissapointing....!!!!!!!!
4	Just so so. My boyfriend loves it. Lots to choose from. I got a tuxedo cookie with chocolate malt ice cream. He got birthday cake ice cream with sugar cookie
5	Good old Thriftys ice cream. My bestie & I enjoyed it. Cookies were great! The employee gave us suggestions on which cookie is best with a certain ice cream we picked. It was delicious and we will go back. I ordered and extra brownie cookie to go, yummy!!!
4	My girlfriend loves this place. And to be honest, there isn't much to not like. They sell ice cream sandwiches, and they do it well. Plenty of choices of cookies and ice cream, and all taste great so far..50 off if you check in on your phone. Service is better than average, and they use Square for payment, which is pretty cool. Open 'til 10, which is nice.
3	Good ice cream sandwiches at a reasonable price. $3.75 for an Ice Cream Sandwich. It uses Thrifty ice cream which I am not thrilled about, and uses ridiculously cheapo bowls and spoons, but it's still a fun place to take the wife and kids.
3	Decent, its ice cream and its cookies... You really can't mess this up, and its thrifty ice cream, nothing fancy... If your in the area and want to get a treat, give it a shot...
1	I love this place- rarely do we come, tonight's service was absolutely horrible!The young girl with the pretty face is miserable and should not be serving people this unhappy.
5	Its good... I try and stay away, but there is a fat kid trapped inside so yea. Staff is always on point and product is great. Three bucks cookie sandwich is a no brainer. Good concept. I find myself  Yelping about the good places and not returning to sub par establishments... you can see how I feel about Sweet Addiction :D
3	Ice cream sandwiches taken to a different level !The delicious concoction of Thrifty's ice cream stuffed into your choice of cookie has yet to let me down. Unfortunately,  I had to give it 3 stars due to poor service.
3	I've been meaning to try this place for quite some time, so on the way back from some errands I stopped on in and did so!The inside is very bright and clean.  When you walk in, you're RIGHT at the ice cream.  And it's Thrifty brand.  NOM.  The lady at the counter was friendly and patient with me while I figured out what I was getting.After perusing the menu and ice cream for a bit, I decided on the ice cream sandwich: rocky road ice cream with gluten-free peanut butter cookies.Since I was taking some back home to my boo as well, I got him a scoop of chocolate and went back home (after a stop at Walgreen's - oops).  The ice cream didn't melt, woo hoo!Maybe the combo I got wasn't the "winning pair" because it was just OK.  The cookie was great!  The ice cream was great!  Together... Meh.  They just sort of tasted like comingled sugar.Next time I'll either try something else or order one thing or another.
5	This place is great :) cookies satisfy my cravings and most importantly they sell thrifty's by the quart and pint!! Lady was super kind and attentive to me. I know where I will buy my ice cream from now on :D CHOCOLATE MALT!!
5	Such good ice cream! They have delicious cookies and you can make your own ice cream sandwich to order. I got two scoops of ice cream and four cookies for less than $7. That's a great price compared to other ice cream shops. I will definitely come back again and again
1	I can't review the product considering I walked in and waited to order and the girl that was in the side kitchen the only one working there looked at my three times and didn't even say anything to me and ignored me and kept rolling the cookie dough.  If you don't know what hospitality means you shouldn't be in the industry.  I walked out.  Even friggin cvs says hi and bye this stupid chick must have been a mute idiot.
1	Customer service is KEY in any place. Today I walked into sweet addictions and wasn't greeted by the only employee working. I stood there for about 10 minutes until I said something. The girl still didn't help me. I had ordered an ice cream sandwich cake and all I needed was to pick it up. I will never buy anything for this location again. When a customer walks in they should  always be greeted, even if you are helping another customer.
4	Great service and yummy desserts!  I love Thrifty's ice cream so this brought me back to the good ole days. So many choices! I will definitely be back.
4	Awesome price for really good ice cream sandwiches! The cookies are the best part. I get vanilla and white choc. Macadamia nut cookie. The staff is usually a young crowd, there have been a few times I've went in and you can see in the back there's a couple or something she's always stradeling someone back there. A bit unprofessional and uncomfortable..but they're always friendly.
5	Love this place and go here when we need our ice cream fix.  Called a while back to see if they could do a last minute cookie cake and they were able to do it in less than 4 hours and it was amazing.  Customers for life
5	This place has AMAZING fresh baked cookies, paired with my childhood favorite, Thrifty ice cream. There are tons of possibilities for creating an ice cream sandwich masterpiece. I love to get one chocolate brownie cookie and one chocolate chip cookie, with cookies and cream ice cream. Or sugar cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream. There is a guy that works there with blue/green hair and he is the best. Outstanding customer service, he always greets us right away, and is always smiling and friendly. Some of the others who work there have some definite room for improvement. One girl didn't even greet us or make eye contact for the longest time. Even though she was finishing up with a customer she could have smiled and said, "We'll be with you in a few moments." I was about to just turn around and leave.But, I will keep going back for the deliciousness (just hopefully on days when blue hair guy is working).
5	I love ice cream sandwiches and to just make your own ice cream sandwich made that place the coolest thing in the world. The workers there were very nice and helpful with giving samples and recommendations. Everyone should try it, esp now that it's summer
5	Yum.... Had a great visit and really enjoyed the soft chocolate chip cookies. I was worried by other reviews stating hard cookies and bad service. Everything was awesome and the 2 gals working were professional very pleasant. Would recommend and will visit again!
5	This place is incredible! I always get the Sugar Cookie with Frosted Animal Ice Cream. You get hooked on this place after just one time.  The staff are friendly and professional.
5	I went around 6pm, and the cookies were still freshly baked where the chocolate chips were still at the perfect point of melty but not crumbly. If you're looking for more of a classic taste, I got the chocolate chip cookies with cookies and cream ice cream. They serve Thrify's ice cream which is great!The staff was super friendly and honest. They had a buy one get one free special when I went. (So look into that!) They allowed us to take a seat for an hour and get our free one on the way out.
5	You may have arrived at a possible stoner paradise, unless you know of a Taco Bell/ Pizza Hut mashup...Oh, wait.When you first walk into this place the decor does not immediately insight hunger or any addiction for that matter, unless that addiction is multiple episodes of Restaurant Impossible. Seriously, this place just needs a little personality, some bright paint, and maybe a framed picture of Mr. Frosty from Pete and Pete? Back to the madness, if you're not familiar with Sweet Addictions you should change that today. They let you make your own crazy cookie ice cream sandwich creations. You can literally do what ever you want; If you want a straight up chocolate chip cookie sammie with vanilla ice cream?, you can do that, you want oatmeal cookies and strawberry ice cream?, you can do that, if you want to mix and match a M&M cookie with a Snickerdoodle and then add Circus Animal Cookie ice cream on it, well...you sick individual, you can do that! I would love to meet the person that can give me the exact mathematical possibilities of ice cream sandwiches in this place. I was hungover during my first trip to Sweet Addiction and I was still a little cloudy from the night before. Here's what I ordered; an Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookie, Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream, and then capped it with a Tuxedo Cookie. Tuxedo Cookie: A sugar based cookie with both chocolate chips and white chocolate chips. You have been "Yelpacated" This place is awesome. A solid five stars even though they need to personalize the place and maybe hang some Ice cream giants on the walls. After this addiction you may want a gym-tervention.
4	I absolutely love this place. Every time I have gone, their cookies are made perfectly. They are chewy on the inside, with a bit of a crunch. Having Thrifty's ice cream is just another plus. It's pretty fair pricing, as well.
1	I came here a couple of times to make sure it wasn't a fluke. If you like eating ice cream hockey puck sandwiches then this is the place for you. I bought 4 different types of cookie sandwiches and then tried another time for 4 more. Both times the cookies seemed like they were made of concrete with no flavor. I'm not looking for freshly baked bakery cookies or anything, but I don't see how this place is even still open. The people that work there I guess don't realize that the place is somewhat of a concept type of place because they don't try to offer any help in ordering. In other words it's not really a regular ice cream place, and they never ask if you have any questions. They just kind of stand there and wait for you to figure it out, and then seem kind of bothered that they have to get what you ordered. Sorry, I didn't realize that my order was strange especially since i don't really know what I should be ordering. Anyways, I hate to slam an ice cream place, but it's kind of a bad joke.
5	Another place that I've simply failed to visit for whatever reason (until today). I am such a slacker.The lady behind the counter greeted me promptly when I walked in. When I responded to her question by saying that, no, I hadn't been there before, she walked me through their Thrifty ice cream flavors, fresh-baked cookies (that smell still brings a smile to my face), and sandwiches. I thanked her and told me that I would wait for my friend (the one who'd suggested that we go) to arrive before I ordered. She excused herself to take care of some of the "kitchen" area duties, which I thought was almost too polite. Good on her though.I ordered an ice cream sandwich ($3.69), or whatever fancy name they have it under now. They have several types of cookies to choose from. I picked a mint cookie and a chocolate chip with walnut. Per my friend's suggestion, I picked malted crunch as the ice cream. Cookies were both tasty and chewy, with assertive but not overpowering mint flavor and good crunch from the walnuts in the respective cookies. Ice cream was soft and cold with a great crunch and a pretty light chocolate flavor. I don't enjoy some chocolate ice creams for some reason, but this one was nice. In terms of eating technique, I tried picking it up and eating it at first, but it ended up being less messy to use a spoon on the ice cream and a spoon / hand one-two punch to attack the cookies.This also looks like a great spot for just ice cream. My friend's two scoops came out to $2.95, and one scoop costs even less. Cookies were reasonably priced as well, under a dollar each and with bulk discounts. And I haven't been able to test the reusability of their new discount, but if you text "ADDICTIVEGV" to 91011, you can get a dollar off any purchase, which starts to make the value look insane. It's telling me to redeem this within one week of the text, so maybe I'll just go back several times this week or something. If that doesn't work though, you can still get a solid 50 cents off through Yelp or other social media check-ins.Sweet Addiction is definitely one of the better dessert options that I've tried on this side of town. It's not as convenient a drive for me as the newest Yogurtland is, but I think I would rather go here.
5	I came here yesterday for the first time with 2 friends after a long and busy day. A delicious ice cream sandwich was just what I needed. First off, I will say that I'm biased already because we came in with 50% off coupons, making my sugar laden diversion a wallet pleasing $2. To top that off, the service we had was amazing. There was a guy and girl working, both of whom had great smiles and were efficient in their jobs. They handled multiple customers, gave out a plethora of ice cream samples, greeted everyone, offered suggestions when asked, rang the bill, all with high efficiency and a good attitude. The ice cream sandwiches were gifts from heaven teasing me to an early death or at least type 2 diabetes. If you're a fan of Thrifty's ice cream, which I am, then you'll like the ice cream since that's where it's from. What makes the ice cream sandwiches great are the cookies. There's a pretty good selection of cookies, and they are fresh. I loved the consistency of the cookies - chewy, warm, melt in your mouth goodness. I ordered chocolate ice cream with a sugar cookie and a white chocolate macadamia nut cookie. Friends and I demolished our sandwiches in minutes. Lastly, the place is very clean. All the tables and chairs were spotless; there were no sticky spots typical of many ice cream joints. The floors didn't glue your shoes to them, and I didn't feel gross propping my elbows on the tables. As we were walking out, the same workers who had made us our sandwiches were wiping the walls below the ice cream display case and the signs. Yes, immaculate. 5 stars for the service, food, cleanliness.
5	Tonight was probably my fourth time into Sweet Addiction and I do have to say that every time I and my family/friends has received great service. There isn't much to mess up when it comes to fresh cookies and Thrifty's ice cream so a place like this really has to rely on service to make an over the top experience. Thank you for being consistent and delicious!
5	Great place, clean and friendly.Its a winner for us. Something different using combinations of everything we all love.
5	I purchased a Groupon for this place and I have to say, it was worth the trip. It's in a small corner next to Starbuck's. The cookies are very moist, not hard and crunchy. I got the ice cream sandwich and it was soooooo good! I recommend this place if you want something local other than major chain ice cream venues.
4	The cookies could have been a little bit more on the fresh side but the service was great and I would definitely go back. If your in the neighborhood stop and get some.
5	Reminds of the Ice cream sandwhich place next to UCLA in westwood but with Thrifty's ice cream (the best). Place is open pretty late and both locations are legit!
5	This is a very clean place to purchase Thrifty ice cream/ice cream sandwiches. They have a nice variety of flavors to pick from. Their cookies are pretty good and most of the time chewy. My favorite is the chocolate chip oatmeal. The price point of this place is very well set and affordable.
4	Only 4 stars because all I had was the cookies wasn't in the mood for ice cream .... GREAT - FRIENDLIEST customer service, YUMMIEST cookies! Can't wait to go back and have the ice cream! GREAT FIND!
