5	This place is fantastic... Couldn't recommend it more.
3	Finally, the Henderson location is open! The location has only been open 4 days but it's the same great atmosphere you've come to expect from Firefly.The place was full of people and we got right in without a reservation. The food was great, as was our server, Cole, who was very accomidating to our group. They're still getting final touches on the decor and some of the wines on the list were not available but only because they hadn't moved all the inventory over.I can only hope that with two locations, it won't be such a chore to try and get a seat in the future. Either way, we look forward to visiting the restaurant often. Welcome to the neighborhood, Firefly!**I stand corrected, this is the 3rd location!*****THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED!!***
5	Cheers to another Firefly location! We went to the new Firefly on Eastern today for lunch with some friends from out of town and it delivered all of the great expectations we bragged to our friends about. Service was great, Food and Drink were amazing as always and the friendly manager on duty even stopped by to check in and make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Firefly has never let us down and we love bringing new people to a place with a fun, delicious menu and atmosphere. We are so excited for the new location and cannot wait to come back again. I cannot wait for summer nights on the patio overlooking the Vegas lights with a Blueberry Mojito in hand. YAY for Firefly!!!
5	I was SO happy when i found out this location was opening! It's really nice to have a nicer restaurant that has a full bar without the gaming machines. Great place for a date, pre-show / club dinner, or a nice place to meet friends for drinks and appetizers.The nice part is, you can order as much or as little as you want so you aren't fixed into a set price. Average tapas price is about 5.00 with some of the pricier seafood options going for 10.00.Ordered : apple and manchego salad - shredded green apple & manchego cheese with crushed  almonds in a very light dressing. very pleasantly surprised with this dish. thought it was going to be lettuce with some apple but was all apple but not tart. cheese & apples complimented very well.tortilla a la espanola - had this a few times before. basically a potato and egg omelet. nothing spectacular but reliable.pork empanadas - crispy crust and plenty of pork loaded inside. good.chicken screwers - not much to say, good basic chicken slivers sitting on top of sauteed mushroom.baked filets of tilapia - this dish was surprisingly spicy. cooked in herbs and garlic. menu doesnt indicate it's spicy but red pepper flakes actually provided more of a kick than expected.shrimp Diabla - this dish was fantastic. seemed to have an asian flare, sweet, saucy, and slightly spicy. we asked for more spice and they provided Sriracha sauce! that was a winner for us.Another great part of the dinner was that we were there for an early dinner on Saturday - 5pm, and they had happy hour, half off drinks!!! I dont often see restaurants have happy hour specials on Saturdays..Service was very good, our server Josh was attentive and checked on us enough but was very casual and pleasant. We had 2 other people also coming around and asking us how things were on a semi-regular basis. I would have to say it was really nice not having the wait time, crowd, and too loud atmosphere of the Paradise location. Given we are only about 1/2 mile from this place, this will be our new regular restaurant.
4	Don't get me wrong for not giving this location a 5-star.  I am a HUGE fan of Firefly, but I must say that the quality of the food is not as good as the location on Paradise.  With that said, this location still deserves 4-star because it is still good enough. An awesome location for the 89052 zip code.  Beautifully decorated like the other two locations.  The restaurant overlooks the city.   An awesome place to hang out with friends or for a romantic night out. Firefly, baby.
4	Great scene, food and people!! This place is awesome!!
4	Happy Hour Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm. Half off pitchers of sangria and mojitos. I am torn between a love-dislike relationship with Firefly. They tend to be inconsistent between the two other locations and that trend runs over to their new one in Anthem. The menu is still the same, the prices are unchanged, but they have down sized the portions. I came here with three other people and went crazy during their HH. For $14-$15 a pitcher, it is easy to order 6 between three. That's right folks, one must be sober enough to be the DD. Don't drink and drive. More importantly, do not drink Firefly's drinks and drive. They are lethal, yet taste like candy. Our server, Cole, was awesome. If the drinks were not enough to make this a regular hang out, coming and chilling in Cole's station made it so. He made it clear that if we needed anything to just ask. He has a gauge for how far he can push it and with our drunk group, he saw nothing was off limits. Spunk is welcomed.The food was good, but everything is 1/3 smaller than the other locations. Being located in Anthem does allow them to get away with more. All the usual items are on the menu. Their mixed paella is delicious, but their is no crispy bottom to scrap up. The view from the patio is gorgeous. If you have a small party, request it for a gander down Eastern and over to the Strip. Sitting in the back area will also allow for a nice view of the Strip. When the sun goes down and the stars come out... It is breathtaking.
5	Visited the new Firefly location the first week it opened! Loved everything & the service was quick :) even with a packed house ! Finally a good place up in the Henderson/Anthem area !
4	I'm between 3 and 4 stars here; the rating is based more on the ambiance than the menu.  I've never loved Firefly (either the Paradise location or the former location at the Plaza) aside from some a few key things: the sangria; french fries (little bit of garlic and parmesan); and bacon wrapped dates (great smoky and salty taste).  Also, the complimentary hummus spread (with the bread) is really good; it tastes like a cross between sun dried tomatoes and almonds. PROSHappy hour; it's *everyday* from 3pm to 6pm -- 1/2 off drinks (but not food), including the pitchers of sangria. A pitcher of sangria during happy hour is $16 or so. Hands down, that's a good happy hour. And it's awesome that they offer it on the weekend too. (It's like a unicorn in Vegas -- rare.)    My favorite is the sparkling sangria. It has champagne and a nice, light peach flavor. In the Vegas heat, it's delicious.This location is on the second floor and has a patio that has a great view of the Vegas valley. There's also a main room, a room that offshoots from the bar and a pseudo sitting room. It's a lot bigger than the Paradise location.CONSThe parking lot. It's a small lot shared with various other businesses and not enough parking spots. The hostess said they're working on expanding the lot, which will help . . . otherwise, parking may be an issue! While I love the patio, it's a bit small, and fits about six or seven bistro tables. This will be fine in the winter, but not in the summertime. Those patio spots are a hot commodity.     Overall, it's a solid hip restaurant/bar option in Anthem. I also like that you can keep it cheap with one or two small plates, or order a crap load of food. Based on the ginormous crowd on Saturday, it will (hopefully) do well in this location.
4	What can I say, the Gods have smiled down upon those of us in Green Valley and blessed us with a Firefly restaurant right in our own back yard. While the location lacks in parking unlike it's sister restaurants, it makes up for with the views from the window or patio seats. The food is pretty much spot on in terms of items they have on the menu, but some of the items don't seem to taste as good as the Paradise location. Granted, all this is based on one visit and this review is subject to change after a few more subsequent visits. Maybe they are still working out the bugs? But in the end, everything was very great in terms of service, atmosphere and food.
5	I went to the Henderson one a few Sundays ago. It was definitely packed. There was a wait, but we had a reservation (I think) So it wasn't that bad. The service however was AMAZING. In all my times going to the Paradise location I've never had AMAZING Service. The server was seriously great. He was busy but attentive. Definitely a fun sever. I went back the following Saturday and sat at the bar and again pretty good service. It wasn't busy that night, as we walked in and were able to get a seat at the bar right away.The food is just as good as the Paradise location.  I recommend the steak skewers, Pastas Bravas (sp), and of course the Sangria is great.
2	Friday night is not a good night to try to meet up with friends at Firefly in Henderson. The staff is overwhelmed with the influx of people that want to try tappas. The girls at the front desk are not experienced nor seem capable of handling the crowd. The venue is much too small. When a sofa in the lounge opened up we were told it was a reserved area, sorry but I refuse to stand for an hour and a half to get a table. Enjoyed my one drink but left quickly. Goodbye Firefly, not sure I will be back.
4	I am so thrilled there is finally a Firefly location near my place. I wanted to wait for the insanity of grand opening to subside before venturing there myself. In the last two weeks I have been there twice, once for dinner and once for lunch, and both times I was just as pleased as I am with Paradise location. I stuck with my usual of Paradise mojito pitcher, artichoke toasts, tuna tartare and firefly fries. Everything was just as delicious as it is at  the other location. Other great things on the menu were tierra y mar skewers, filet mignon sliders, calamari and merquez. The only "miss" of the menu I have tried thus far has been the lobster "escargot" and the tortilla a la espanola. Anyone who has had homemade spanish tortilla would notice the glaring difference between the two. All in all, I will be frequenting this location a lot more now that it is only minutes from me. Yay :)
5	Firefly's has got to be my favorite place to eat in Vegas. Now that there is a location by my house might mean that I'll probably be there more often.Service is 5 stars, there are always multiple wait staff on hand verifying if you need anything.Food is 5 stars (if I could give more I would) I don't think there has been anything on the menu that I didn't like. Location 5 stars, the view is just amazing from the Eastern location. I've been able to sit on the patio twice.Ambiance 5 stars, I love the music, I love the mood, the decor is very 'Firefly-ish'Everyone should go!!!! yummm!
5	Firefly...you finally made it to Hendertucky! It's always busy, which is a sign of great food and they never split large party checks which is a sign of laziness BUT...the place never leaves me disappointed and always leaves me craving more.
5	I feel like for as long as this has been open, that there were not enough reviews, so it should be confirmed that this location is every bit as good as the one in Summerlin. I've been here twice now and each time it was delicious, affordable and enjoyable. I tried the Sangrias Happy Hour for the first time. They were tasty and a great deal. My personal favorite carries over to this location, the bacon wrapped dates. It proves the adage: everything tastes better with bacon. Service has always been very friendly at any location or visit. I tried the chorizo clams for the first time and you get a heaping bowlful for $9.50. Great location for anyone in the Southeast side of town.
4	Wheew! First things first..... Make a reservation with opentable.com.  Not sure how reservations work on the weekends, but if your going to pay ANY firefly restaurant a visit on a weekday, make sure you make a reservation.  This firefly location is a pretty big spot.  The environment isn't as dark as the one on Paradise... It's brighter which makes it more livelier, and very loud during peak dinner time.   It's not as 'romantic' and intimate either, but the menu is the same & thats definitely what's most important.  Same exact menu!!! So for more specific favorites... Check out my review on  the Paradise location. Some points--lot's of seating, Including an outside patio.  -parking is CRAZY during peak hours:: 5:30-9:00 but luckily there is valet-reservations on weekdays-bar is full service which means that you can order food if you can't get a seat -happy hour! not sure what time??? But the do offer happy hourIt's a fun place to hang out with friends and grab a drink... AnD to EAT yummy tapas! Duh!
4	Come early there is always a wait bc it's so popular
4	I love the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and lobster escargot! All items, I've tried most everything, are tasty and beautifully presented.. The sparkling white wine sangria is the perfect accompaniment to anything! I love this place and only wish parking wasn't so difficult to find.
4	tow weeks ago traveled to Vegas for short vacation. then drove to henderson . luckily found Firefly by accident. what a place to dine in the middle of desert. overall had a plesant   time. will come back for sure  on next visit.
3	The ham and cheese croquettes are delicious.  The meatballs were okay.  The artichoke appetizer was okay.  With so many options to choose from, I will go back and try more.  But, I will have the croquettes again.
5	We finally have a decent place to eat in Anthem. Parking can be a bitch, but if you live in the area, it's not a bad walk - when it's not 114 degrees out. I've probably tried all their dishes - my favorites include, the dates of course, ceviche, mushroom tart, and the roasted baby beet salad. However, everything is great.  It can get a little pricey if you go overboard with the orders, but once you've identified your favorites, and especially if you go there during happy hour, which runs all week, you can get out of here at a reasonable cost.
5	BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY EVERYWHERE! Whoever said TAPAS were small plates--- they were wrong! Look around this place and you would think the albondigas were made from lard and Crisco. ITS FANTASTIC! MUST TRY: the gazpacho! more effective than smooth move tea!
3	I do have to say I love the decor of the restaurant and how trendy it was.  Since it was our first time going which we told the waiter the waiter didn't make any suggestions for the two of us.  We both have never had Tapas and we didn't even know how much we should order so we are satisfied.  The waiter didn't seem to want to help us which have made it more enjoyable.  My Mother in Law has been here 5 times and loves it I will give it a try again since maybe it was just a bad day for the waiter.
3	I am a HUGE fan of the Firefly on Paradise, and I had eagerly awaited the opening of the Anthem location. I waited a few weeks to try the new location as I had heard from friends and Yelpers that the service was a bit off and the waits were long, so it would be wise to let management work out the 'new place' kinks and the hype to die down a touch. I finally made it in on a Monday evening in July with a girlfriend for some light bites and a drink. While the parking lot was full (we got the last spot!) there was no wait to be seated. Sadly the tables are positioned far too close to each other, almost every person that walked by me hit the back of my chair (including staff). The man seated at the table next to us was so close, I almost grabbed his glass of water instead of my own once! I'd rather wait for a table with more room then sit where we were seated.The mojitos and sangria never disappoint at the Paradise Firefly, I am happy to say they did not dosappoint at the Anthem location either... We decided on watermelon mojitos for our drinks, which were delicious! On to the food! We had the ham and cheese croquettes, the ahi tuna skewers and the must order bacon wrapped dates. The skewers pretty were disappointing, overcooked and underdressed. I was bummed, as the skewers were the only thing I had not previously tried... The croquettes were creamy and delicious. The dates never disappoint, however I must say I didn't find them as 'OMG LET'S ORDER 3 MORE OF THESE' delicious as I usually do. I rate the Paradise Firefly 5 stars. The Anthem location loses a star for the ambiance and another for the food being less-then-spectactular. I still see myself returning, sitting ont he patio and ordering different things from the menu...
3	3stars because it is wonderful to have a tapas bar in Las Vegas, but there should be about 10 more bars like this. So we can all do a tapas barhop. Portions are perfect- small plates for sampling and can be shared by 4 people as a bite, not a meal. So- thats perfect.But the menu offerings could use some improvement. Had their potato something-something and it was a yech! Ordered their bocquerones- and I fell off my chair it was sooooo good! Firefly- where are your callos and chorizos? Good paellas! Great mushrooms! Super delicious grilled octopus!! Wow...
5	I love this place! I've been to the one on Paradise, and was so happy that they opened one in Henderson-which is much closer. This place is pretty busy, but Firefly is so popular, I would expect it to be. Parking can be a bit of a hassle and they offer valet. I love the decor. The floor is a bit slippery, not because it's wet, that's just the way the floor is. Ladies be careful with those heels! I've been here a few times with a friend, a group and my family. Each time the service was great. The waiters and waitresses are attentive, as are their assistants. When I went with my family, we were taken care of more by him than the waitress. Shout out to Junior! He was awesome. The food was wonderful! When my family went, that was their first time and they were very satisfied with the food. We ordered dish after dish. I ordered Patatas Bravas, Artichoke Toasts, Ceviche, Fries, and Mac N Cheese, which is SO good. I don't know the sauce they use repetitively in different dishes, but it is so tasty!  The portions are small, unless you order the Parmesan fries or an entree, but you can't beat the price and smaller portions means more food. Of course their Sangria is delicious! My mom and I enjoyed our glasses. We ordered the Sparkling Sangria and it was sweet and fruity. All in all Firefly is a great place. The location and service is great and food is full of flavor.
4	Have been to the one on Paradise by the Hardrock several times, this one is just easier to get to.  Nice setup, awesome bar, and it has about 10 seats outside.Bacon wrapped dates are my favorite :) they make me happy.  I got mussels as well and they were good.  It's best if you just order a bunch of stuff and share.
4	Firefly was good for a small group outing.  We made reservations for  a weeknight, and when we arrived the place was pretty packed, so reservations are recommended.Sangria is a must.  5 of us split a pitcher, and it was just enough.  We ordered about a dozen plates - including 3 of the dates wrapped in bacon.  I could have done without the blue cheese, but they were still really good.  Other favorites were the crispy duck roll, and empanadas.  We split the dessert platter which was the perfect way to end the meal.  At $32 / person, it was a great deal!Service was great.  Our waiter had a great level of enthusiasm and offered great suggestions.  Splitting the check with a cash+2 credit card combo was really easy, and our waiter called us a cab at the end of our meal too.
4	For my late birthday dinner,my dear friend  y.s had asked my husband and I to have dinner at firefly in Henderson,,,honest ??? Scorned time for mr,,,first time was only drinks with my girlfriends,,,( even if we wanted a table ,,ain't  gonna happen) sooooo my sit down tapas dinner was excellent ,,,I loved every order we had ordered...I wish it was more room for my long arms and legs...even more,,,do I want  my next sit neighbors to hear every word I say at my table ???? No no no!!!! Over all I will recommend Henderson firefly to all my friends!!! Sorry miss Amy P you had bad experience ....firefly should give you a night on the house!!!!
5	I am so relieved that this place opened up closer to my house.  Prior to this place opening up, my wife and I went to the paradise location.  It was alway a pain in the but going there because parking is always a challenge, it is always busy, we have had to wait over and hour for a table before, and many tourists find their way there.  This new location is located in the previous location of the Rare Steakhouse (which I was sad to see go).  Although it was busy when my wife and I went, it was not ridiculously busy like the Paradise location can get.  This placed has all of the same great food as the other locations, and the quality is the same.  My only complaint was that the sangria tasted watered down, but this could be because we got there later in the evening.  All and all I look forward to having this place right down the street!
4	this new way of eating is definitely putting a dent in my wallet.it "appears" to be as if you're not eating that much and hence=saving money but you're really not, lol. don't let that fool you but at the same time, definitely have your first tapas experience at Fireflies.a lot of things are good. i mean they make the POTATOES GOOD. potatoes are such a everyday household vegetable and once you experience their chipotle sauce all slaughtered over these fried goodies, you'll be allll overrr this restaurant.definitely have the mussels (though I don't think they're worth $7 for the amount we got, ITS JUST TOO GOOD TO PASS UP)also definitely order the artichoke crostinis. SO GOOD let me repeatSO GOOD. this place just loses a star because of the decor. this particular restaurant at this location is all red and the lights are dim and I suppose it sets a romantic feel but you can still achieve a feeling of "romance" without having a nearly dark/red room. I hated it.
4	Love this place. Food is amazing, best sangria in town but don't be fooled by their website on happy hour specials. Sure I enjoy a beverage as much as the next guy but I need some good after work. The website says "serving up free tapas" but there was no free food or food specials. Finishing this sangria pitcher and headed to elephant bar for their food specials.
5	My husband and I arrived early because we heard that parking can be a problem.  We had 7 dishes plus desert, coffee and 2 cocktails for about $65.  Not bad at all.  We will try other dishes next time, but the bacon-wrapped dates, lamb skewers, and fried calamari, were our favorites.
5	You can never go wrong with this place.  We first went to the one on Paradise and were so EXCITED when they opened one in Henderson.  Tapas is such a great way to go as you can try so many different things but beware, some plates (Salad, Fries) they are more then a Tapas place and OMG the Paella is the BOMB.  It takes about 40 minutes to prepare and the menu says it will feed 2 to 6, REALLY???  We had 5 people and still brought half of it home.  This was an awesome dish but is for a party of people unless you order nothing else but in a place like this THERE IS NO WAY YOU CANNOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE!!!Everything here is top notch, they do get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but you need to try this place several times, it is just that good of a place.
4	My wife and I, along with a few close friends, finally decided to check out this FireFly location to see what all the hype was about. My verdict: worth the hype!The only thing I didn't like about this place, and I can't really fault them for this, is that it is very popular, and as a result, it will be crowded and you will have to wait. Now, given that, everything else is fantastic; including the bar, where you can go and wait until your table is ready. The bartenders are friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. They had a pretty darn good scotch collection and some interesting drinks for the wife.We were sat after about 20 minutes. Again, this wasn't too bad, since we were hanging out at the bar having a few drinks. Now, I'm not a small guy--I am 6'2" and weigh 220lbs. I was deathly scared that this place, being tapas and all, would not leave me feeling full. Boy, was I wrong! For the same price you'd pay for a meal at any other similar restaurant, you'll leave feeling just as full, with the added perk of being able to try so many different delicious "mini-dishes." The food was excellent and was brought to our table in very timely fashion. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. They took the time to explain some of the dishes that my party and I were unfamiliar with, and they did it with a smile and thorough explanation, along with personal reccomendations. The atmosphere is cool, modern, and trendy, though it might be a bit loud for some people. Every time we have friends from out of town visiting, the wife and I bring our company here.
4	This review is for the new Sunday brunch menu, recently started at Anthem and Summerlin location. About 14 menu items, tapas style priced between $2-5 and also a drink menu that includes $20 all you can drink from anything on the menu. Every item I tasted I loved, but my favorites were the patatas bravas, lemon-ricotta pancakes and huevos rancheros. Only reason I knocked off a star is, I could easily rack up a $40 bill ordering the same thing a couple times, kinda dangerous. I did enjoy my food, I would return if I were craving Spanish tapas for brunch again.
5	This place is amazing! I love being able to try lots of foods, and this place is perfect for that. All the tapas dishes ranged from $4-$10 and usually serve about 2 people, sometimes more depending on the dish. Was here on a Friday night and it wasnt too busy, which was perfect because my BF and I were starving. Even better, service was quick! Heres what we had:Apple & Manchego Salad - sliced up pieces of apple and cheese mixed with some green onions and a light dressing. I just love how this one looked and I was kind of surprised by how well everything tasted together.Chicken Salad - pretty much your typical chicken salad served on endive leaves with some bread on the side. It was good, but in comparison to the other things we had, this one wasnt very memorable. But the bread was really tasty!Stuffed Dates - one of our favorites! Dates stuffed with ground up almond and blue cheese wrapped in bacon. You get 5 pieces with this one but youll definitely want more! Im getting hungry just thinking about these!!Stuffed Mushrooms - pretty good overall. I thought they were a bit greasy, but the taste was good. Not exactly sure what the mushrooms were stuffed with though... bread crumbs, bell pepper, and yumminess.Crispy Duck Roll - another favorite of ours! The duck was so flavorful. The outside is similar to an egg roll. Wasnt too greasy and just filled with duck, no veggies on this one. You also get 4 pieces here. Eggplant Cannelloni - this one seemed a little small compared to our other dishes. The cannelloni's were about the size of my ring finger, but the taste makes up for it. Stuffed with goat cheese and topped with a tomato basil sauce. Cant go wrong with goat cheese!Lamb Skewers - probably one of the bigger dishes. Comes with 2 skewers with 3 pieces of lamb on each. I thought the lamb was a little tough, but wasnt gamy tasting at all. The skewers were served on top of a bed of lentils with tomatoes. I wasnt too thrilled with the lentils. I thought they were just too flat compared to some of the other great flavors we had, but the bf enjoyed it, so maybe its just me.Theres also a pretty big selection of dessert items, maybe a dozen or so. But we didnt have any room for dessert after all that. Ill have to make sure I save room next time. I live is So Cal, but anytime Im in the Vegas area, I WILL be stopping by here. Cant pass up such tasty food!!!
3	This place is overhyped. I went during the day with a group of people and tried many items off the menu. Other than the bacon wrapped dates, there was nothing stunningly delicious or even memorable. I was surprised considering all the raving reviews. Additionally, the space is cramped with the tables too close together, and the decor is drab. Again, I was surprised. Red walls with a couple of Spanish looking paintings of some woman with more red. Seriously, the hot atmosphere everyone's so enchanted by, well that's all there is. I've actually seen those paintings somewhere else, I just can't put my finger on where.  What I do remember is thinking about how drab and crappy they looked the first time I saw them. As far as drinks, I had a Watermelon Mojito which was decent and refreshing. Service was decent. Not bad, not great.Menu was hard to order off of. Lots of foreign items with no pictures or much of anything to help clarify. Just long lists of ingredients after each item.I was so underwhelmed by my experience that I didn't want to take the time to leave a review but I'm aggravated because everyone's taking on an arrogant attitude for having "discovered" tapas and this place is just not the be all end all of worldly taste.
5	Everything on the menu incredible, atmosphere is buzzing and servers are quick! Delivery can be a little impersonal as many different runners are bringing food to the table. This is my favorite location, I haven't had a bad dish yet, yeah for bacon wrapped dates!
4	I'm a big fan of Spanish tapas.  You can get many different small plates of different kinds of food - what's there not to like?  Just like their Paradise location, this place is crazy-busy.  Parking was impossible so we resorted to valet.  This spot was like a revolving door of restaurants - business was bad for them but I think Firefly is here to stay which is really good news.We got the stuffed dates, tomato bread with manchego cheese, Firefly fries, ham & cheese croquetas and filet mignon sliders.  Had a great dinner here as usual.  Seriously, you can get whatever's on the menu and you can't go wrong.  The only thing that I wasn't too happy about was that they don't have lobster escargot but it's on the menu.  I was told they use scallops instead of losbter.  So, shouldn't it be scallop escargot then?  The bread they use for the tomato bread is quite thin making it soggy after a few minutes.  Normally, authentic Spanish restaurants would use thick slices of bread.But anyway, banana Nutella sandwiches saved the evening.  Hooray!This is a tapas bar so expect noise...sometimes, a lot of it.  Service is mediocre.  But I guarantee, the food is good.
4	the chorizo stuffed mushrooms are a must and the staff is always friendly.
4	One of Vegas's best restaurants has moved to a really nice location, but it does have a few issues. Came here with a few friends and this food here is pretty much the same as it is at the other locations.We ordered the standard fare, firefries, sliders, mac n cheese, bacon wrapped dates, banana nutella sandwiches, all of which were great. Food wise, its just as good as the original on Paradise. Consistency is awesome.This is probably the nicest/most private location of the 3, its located on the second floor of a building on the south side with a perfect view of Vegas. Huge windows line the entire north side of restaurant and you see the entire strip. However, there is almost noooooo space to park. Firefly shares the shopping center with a few other business and it has a tiny parking lot that sucks to navigate. Some people park on the street, or a neighboring lot, wherever they did, it suckkked!Also, I think the restaurant might be smaller than the original, not sure, but this one seemed way more packed, we waiting for atleast 20 minutes. Blah, though getting there and waiting wasn't very fun, getting our table and getting food was a breeze and was just as expected. Definitely worth checking out and will be back.
5	Great Tapas! The bacon wrapped dates are a must Atmosphere/view=great, although I do recommend windexing the glass_view of the city, hand prints everywhere.Nontheless,  Food is amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone ! Seafood is fresh and plating and presentation is great ! Good Job chef!
3	Now if you know me, you would know that Firefly is literally one of my top favorite restaurants in the valley.  I love the original location on Paradise for many reasons:  The drinks, the staff, the food.  Well, after hearing about this new location in Henderson, a group of us decided to come here for lunch to celebrate the start of a new employee.  My thoughts of this place:  it wasn't the same...it was just ok.First off, the staff is super nice and accommodating.  The view is wonderful.  It's up on Eastern, pass Horizon Ridge on the way to Anthem.  It's located on the second story of a building and literally overlooks the strip.  My first impression was that this would be a great date place that offered a dramatic view.  For the food, however, I wasn't thrilled at all.  We got a lot of stuff and here's what I thought.  First off, my favorite dishes to get are the stuffed dates and the lamb skewers.  With the dates, I know I'm going to get bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese, sitting in a wine reduced sauce.  I thought the sauce was not as sweet as I'm used to and really oily.  For the lamb skewers, I definitely think their temperatures were off. I asked for medium done and got a medium well lamb which meant dry meat.  Also, talk about under seasoned.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way.  We also got the camarone a la diabla, which are pieces of shrimp sitting in a pool of sweet chili sauce.  It was ok, just not the same as the paradise location.  The stuffed mushrooms were dry, chicken salad was good, just didn't offer the same greatness as the original location.  As you can tell, I wasn't really thrilled about the food, even though we spent over $200 that day (thank goodness for work meals).  I don't know if that was just that day or if that's a common theme.  I have been hearing that from others, so maybe it's consistent ok food and not what I expect from Firefly.  Definitely curious to hear others' thoughts about this place.
5	This place is the best !!  Great sliders, ham & cheese croquetas, Mac & Cheese, stuffed dates (OMG),chicken skewers & shrimp in lemon garlic butter sauce. Everything we had was unbelivably good !!!!  This is only our second time here and would love to have Firefly back home.  We will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
4	While visiting my family we had a great meal at this location (6 people). Parking was kind of a pain; the lot didn't seem built to hold the amount of cars that would visit this area. Also, if you never been there before make sure you use the stairs (or elevator) to get up to the restaurant. We were able to make a reservation and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was awesome.  Friendly service and very quick. No messing around. Your order and food keeps coming and coming. The drinks were good as well. Check out the menu. There is way too much to mention and everything was excellent on our visit. Here are some of the dishes we had, trust me, they were all great! Apple and manchego saladSausage plateTuna peppersSteamed musselsChorizo clamsLamb skewersEmpanadaCrispy duck rollIt goes on....the one thing I did not like, but this is what you get at most tapas restaurants, is that the food is brought out so quickly, like an auto line. I feel like you can not truly enjoy your meal with so many people and so many dishes. You are rushing to eat just to clear room on the table. This is no fault to Firefly, it is now on my return list when I visit Vegas again!
4	The Third Day of Christmas.Firefly's location in Henderson is in that crazy busy retail zone off of Eastern Avenue, filled with  a multitude of restaurants, stores, and traffic.  Being a fan of Firefly for a while now, this was my first visit to the Henderson location.  First of all, the parking lot is small.  I was lucky to get a space near the entrance, but my date du jour had to park "..in the next county," as he called it, actually on the other side of the complex.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a building that has a bar/lounge on the first floor (not Firefly's).  It's smaller compared to both the Paradise and W. Sahara locations, but I'm happy to report that the service and food are the same.  I had the requisite Stuffed Dates, the Apple and Manchego Salad, and the Manchego Macaroni and Cheese.  The guy ordered the Crispy Duck Rolls, which I didn't try, but he said were dry.  I enjoyed my selections, as usual--I've eaten at the other Fireflys enough to know what I like and what I don't.  Eating here is, for me, a no-brainer for those times when I just want to have something familiar and good and it's nice to know there is an option for this side of town.
5	I love Firefly.  This location is more of a family environment compared to the one on Paradise.  If you're going with friends for a good time I recommend the Paradise location.  If  you're going with family including kids, come to the Eastern location.  Either way, food is always great!1 star = Sangria!2 stars = the free bread; nothing tastes better than their butter!3 stars = bacon wrapped dates....best I've had out of all the tapas restaurants I have been to.4 stars = manchengo cheese which is in their ham and cheese croquetas and their mac and cheese; so good!5 stars = escargo scallops!  yum!If you want to go somewhere with lots of variety but aren't feeling a buffet, this place is for you.  If you want to go somewhere to tantalize your taste buds, this place is it!
5	Came here with my girlfriend over the summer, as her and her fiancee frequent this place often. It was SO good. Having lived in the Mission in San Francisco, I've had some bomb tapas. But the flavors here were just SO rich and awesome, it out-did any other tapas I've had before. The bacon-wrapped dates and their butter/bread seem to be classic hits here and for good reason- they are delish. We sat outdoors and the view of the cityscape was pretty. I'd highly recommend for any occasion- a date, a group outing, whatever. Food, prices, service and atmosphere are all great!
4	Food is excellent! Great variety of flavors. Nice atmosphere. Parking is tight on S. Eastern location. Prices are perfect and very friendly staff.
4	Oh so yummy. The stuffed dates and then little potato croquettes. So good. We had been to the other location and the sit to go here as much shorter, which was nice!  The sangria is tasty and the food is pretty dang delicious. Definitely recommend.
3	Three things about this place, parking is a bear.  Second price is kinda high for what you are getting.  and finally what you do get is quite delicious.  Iknow it is Tapas and portions are supposed to be small but some of the dishes like the scallops get stuck to the serving dish and make eating them more difficult.
4	While spending the New Years visiting my Dad in Nevada we decided to venture off the strip and explore the dining opportunities near his home in Henderson.The reviews for Firefly caught our eyes and we were not disappointed. The bread/olives to start is great and the quality and value of the tapas were top notch.The hit of the evening for our group was the paella. For $16 it was a ton of food and the taste was amazing. It really was great to start the meal with the small plates and then finish with the rice. If you are in the area, in the mood for quality food, and not looking to spend a fortune, Firefly will not disappoint.
3	Okay...we finally made it this weekend to Firefly as my girlfriend kept mentioning it...her indirect way of saying she wants to go to a place.  I had not been crazed about going because I don't think the Paradise location is that far to drive to and I know the parking issues and layout of the building from past restaurants who have occupied this space.  We waited only about fifteen minutes for a table but clearly were in the way as bar/waiting area is in traffic pattern to and from kitchen.  We actually were seated at a couch table which is so low you don't have a view of anything except the TV playing Fox News???  Overall, the food is not as good as the Paradise location which is even more disappointing when you get the bill.  I have to say I hate the layout of the parking, the building, the way you have to exit back onto Eastern, etc.  I have checked this one off of my girlfriends bucket list and when we have a hankering for tapas will go to Paradise location or somewhere else...actually miss tapas restaurants back in Chicago and suburbs thereof.
4	This is a great place to bring a group of friends, or to go with a few co workers. Everything is served family style so that you can share the small portioned items. It's just little appetizers, but if you get enough people together, you can get full and satisfied quite quickly. I tried a few new things when I went just to see.  I will definitely go again and I do recommend this place to anyone. I will say, this place has an upstairs location. There is an elevator for those who cannot use stairs. It is in a good, safe neighborhood and not too far out of the way.
4	great tapas!! yummy food, fries were really good and mac n cheese!
5	Love this place, and fortunately its a favorite of everyone in my family. Its begun to be a favorite of many others too... Last night the wait was 45 minutes, but always worth it. Noticed last night that the folks in Sun City Anthem have discovered why this place has branched out through the valley... Ordered the usual, and added a few new tapas to try out.. You can't eat at Firefly without eating the Bacon Wrapped Dates.. Bacon, Dates, Blue Cheese & Almonds, nuf said.. Filet sliders - tender, soft bun and flavorful, Tuna stuffed pepperdews - my favorite!Lamb & Mushroom skewers - tender grilled lamb & mushrooms served over lentils.. Tasty! Usually get the Gazpacho, but decided to try the Tomato Basil soup since it was cold outside.. Soup was good, however I think I was expecting more of a cream base. Firefly fish sticks, according to my family were just average. They have had them before and said they were much better. Understand it happens every now and then. Great place to people watch and try foods you may not have tried before!
1	Drink specials are great however, if you like fried, frozen food, and reheated than this is your place.
5	Love that they've opened up a new location in the south!  It's got floor to ceiling windows and a wonderful view of the Strip.  In comparison to the other two locations this one would have to be my favorite - it's more spacious and it's got more of a romantic feel.   Come for happy hour where drinks are half off and order yourself a pitcher of sparkling sangria.  And if you're up for it, order some tapas as well.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu as everything tastes pretty delicious.  Great place to unwind after a long days work.  That sparkling sangria is just magic.
4	Refer to my review of Firefly on Paradise: http://www.yelp.com/biz/firefly-las-vegas-3#hrid:LtIOJ9nAHBd0tos_ivWWOwThis is my favorite location of the three in the valley. It's a nice open space (mostly because of the floor-to-ceiling windows) and I think it's a great spot for big groups (although the SW location does have a very nice private room). We have done several gatherings at this location for 8-10 people and the space and staff are accomodating. The parking is a little tricky, just like their Paradise location, but they also have valet on busy evenings (I haven't really decided whether this is a good or bad thing).During one particular visit late last year, my colleagues and I reserved a table for 11 and were informed that each person had to spend a certain amount of money or a set menu had to be created. Not cool. I knew that most of us would likely spend a decent amount of money (our bills have typically been $30-40 each), but we didn't want to force others to spend the same amount. Anyway, I haven't run into this problem again because now I always make reservations for ten and play it by ear (you always have one or two friends that don't show up).
5	This is a terrific place to meet with friends, especially if you like sharing. I have never had a single order that wasn't delicious, and their drinks are fantastic. Pitchers of mojitos or sangria, and a happy hour that is one of the best around. Can get crowded on weekends and during the times you'd expect, but I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes even then.
4	Tapas are such a prefect meal for those that want to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  I won't get into all the food that I tried over this past weekend but I will point out some highlights of this great meal.  First things first.  DRINKS!  The happy hour here is awesome.  Half priced drinks.  A friend and I decided to share a pitcher of the Blueberry Mojito.  What a great deal for $15 bucks (reg price $30).  It was the only drink that we needed since we were the only ones who were drinking it.  Highly recommend!The food was good.  We literally tried a little bit of everything.  I loved the bacon wrapped dates.  I probably could have put down at least 3 orders myself but I wanted to be adventurous and try something new which I did.  I never had an anchovy in my life until I came here.  We ordered the Boquerones [Spanish white anchovies on toasts w/roast red pepper, yellow pepper vin], which was an unusual taste.  The red pepper and the avocado that was placed on it overpowered the anchovy.  I probably won't order this again but its good to try foods that are outside of the box.  The Ahi tuna skewer [mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze], was overcooked.  It was still good but could have used less time on the grill.   The steak and mushroom skewers[grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction] was a little chewy.  It was still good but even the knife had a hard time cutting.  Overall this was a good meal with an awesome happy hour.  The small plates make the experience of trying new foods more fun and if you didn't like the plate then you wont feel as bad if it was the only thing that you ordered.  I will definitely be back to try more of this great tapas creations.Cheers
4	I have been to the original Firefly a number of times and the one that used to be on Fremont Street.  I thought the Fremont St. location was the best but this one on Eastern far surpasses the original, in my opinion.  I just think the space is much bigger and better.We went here on a Saturday night and I had called the day before to make reservations.  They told me, no reservations on weekends and yet, when we arrived they asked if we had a reservation.  Interesting.  We were told it'd be a 30 minute wait for a table unless we could be out by 7, then only a 5 minute wait.  Very interesting.  We took the challenge.  It was still happy hour when we sat down. Half price drinks!!  Since the pitchers are ridiculously overpriced I thought it was a steal to grab one for happy hour.  They don't have any beers on tap but they do have Dogfish and Samuel Smith in a bottle so that was nice.  Our waitress was on top of it and even made sure to give us last call for HH at 5:59.  I thought the food was either the same or better than the location on Paradise.  None of us had any complaints about it.  This spot has a nice view and, other than parking, is a great place to hang out with some friends or even take a date.  I'm a fan!  (Oh, and we made it out at 7:01 and they didn't call the cops.)
5	I have never been disappointed at any of the Firefly locations...and this was my first visiting the Henderson location.Outside of some major parking issues...give up and just use valet.  It prevents you from waking from a dirt parking lot next door.The place is upstairs and very popular with locals....great views, fab tapas menu, bottomless pitchers of Mojitos and a wait staff that is quick, courteous and truly wants you to enjoy yourself while there.Get their early for a good seat, otherwise the wait time can be pretty long...and there's no fun waiting while you hear people laughing, while the smell of food and alcohol is in the air.
5	Just as delicious as I remember.I wrote a review for the other Firefly location on Paradise, but what the hell I'll write another one for this location :DI went with 4 other people to dine here for lunch, since I heard dinner is always packed.. and plus we were busy at night anyway. So when we got there at like 2 PM or something, EMPTY. Ok, like 5 other tables were there, but otherwise EMPTY! Which is great for us, no wait for table and barely any for food.We got:- Fries- Skewered ahi- Ham and cheese croquettes- Manchego mac and cheese- Albondigas- Tuna Tartare- Chorizo clams- Fish sticks- Stuffed mushrooms+ Complimentary breadBetween the 5 of us, this was the perfect amount of food. We actually got like 3 plates of bread and the honey butter because it was SO GOOD. And so free. I would recommend ALL of the above items, especially the ahi and tuna tartare.. and.. just.. all of them. And more.
4	I had heard lots of good things about Firefly, so my friend and I decided to check it out on a Monday during happy hour (which is from 3-6 everyday). They have a very large menu and lots of things to try.  Here is a list of things we got-Stuffed Dates - [bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] These were highly recommended on Yelp, so I tired them and yummy!!  I loved them. They had a great sweet and savory taste going on. I absolutely loved the crunch of the almond as you bite in to the date. Stuffed Peppers - [Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce] I enjoyed these as well. They had crunchy onion strings on top which add really good texture that the soft pepper and cheese needed. Baked Tetilla - [roasted tomato and tetilla cheese fondue with chorizo, toasts] This I really would not order again. Just was not my favorite. It had an off taste and the toasts were not toasty, but soggy from being placed in the cheese.Ham & Cheese Croquetas - [serrano ham & manchego cheese] This was one of my favorite items of the night. The breading was light and crunchy and the filling was wonderful. Little bits of ham and melty cheese!! Mmmmm...my mouth waters now just thinking about them!Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms - As far as stuffed mushrooms go they were good, but I don't think i'd order them again. Nothing that special about them.Steak & Mushroom Skewers - [Grilled filet with a roasted garlic cream & red wine reduction] We got these cooked medium rare and oh boy they were so yummy. The steak and mushrooms were cooked perfectly. Dipped in the sauce it was pure heaven on a stick! I'd for sure order these again!I also had the sparkling sangria. Which was a very reasonable price due to happy hour and very refreshing.Now for the service and atmosphere part of the evening- I got there around 4:45pm. It seems to be the shift change time cause there was a slew of employees walking by my table clocking into a computer or gathering their stuff and clocking out. The kitchen is open-style, but where my table was, I felt like the three waiters who were waiting for their orders were just standing there staring at me. It made me feel very uncomfortable. I think they should have their employees clocking in and out at some other place and not in clear view of customers. At first the service was fast, but as they got busier, they got slower. It took about 10 minutes to refill my friend's soda and even refill the water. I had read on their Yelp page that it was not a place for children, yet there were two different couples that brought toddlers and a newborn baby. I feel that the review is correct and that it is not a place for children. I go to a place like this because it is an adult environment. This is not Applebees! I do not want to hear little billy banging his fork over at the next table. If they don't have a kids menu you should not bring your children.Overall I really enjoyed Firefly! I totally would go back again. But maybe i'll ask to be seated at a table not so close to the kitchen.
5	Tapas are dreamy. Service was perfection and the prices weren't bad I my opinion.  The spinach salad,  dates with bacon and blue cheese,  lamb chops, artichoke toaster and muscles were off the charts. We ordered more tapas that were all delicious but I mentioned my absolute faves. Nothing was less than delicious.  One and only issue was parking. Parking is horrible there. I could not see fit to take off a star because of the parking because the service and food made it ok.
4	Have friends in town and need a hot spot for party of 6 or more?  Firefly is the place to be, just call to make reservation since they do take reservation for only party of 6 or more.  We only had 4 people in our party so we had to wait to get a table.  We decided to wait at the bar.  The bar is in the back, which is quite strange since majority of the restaurants, it would be toward the front.  Anyways, we had to walk pass diners eating at tables before we reached the bar.Half an hour later, our table was ready.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria and each ordered our favorite items on the menu to share.  It was a bit hard to communicate across the table since the ambiance is that of a night life.  However, the food was full of flavor.  Our favorite is the lamb sausage.  Therefore, if you are looking for good food, good sangria, Firefly is the place to be.
1	I have tried to like this place. I have tried to agree with the copious amount of positive reviews and friends that want to drag me here. But I cannot tolerate it anymore. The food is just awful. Not just a little bit bad. Not just a let down. But really freaking bad. I can't understand why this place has so much traction. (Yes Bacon wrapped dates are good, but I can make that taste good as well. It's not freaking hard. It is BACON)I have always subsribed to the.........Sangria and alchohol make food better.....theory on this place.But you can't even get a decent drink here anymore. I literally drank 2 pitchers of mojitos at this place, and nary a light hearted moment. I tried get the waitress to put a little alchohol in the mojito, and each time she gave me the obligatory "we make em so good you don't taste it" line. I'm calling BS. I paid a premium penny for a sugary syrup and some mint leaves. I'm going to be jerk here. All you people that give this place a positive review don't know your @#$ from a hole in the ground. And for the record, I have no vested interest here. This place just sucks and I can't stand hearing people rave about it anymore.
5	Visited the Eastern location - great view, some outdoor seating. We had a pitcher of red sangria, one of my favorites!  We tried several tapas - Ceviche, stuffed dates, Firefly fries, manchengo mac and cheese, tierra y mar skewers, camarones diablo, calamari. This required a second pitcher of sangria, of course! Everything tasted so good! Service was also good.  Check your bill, though! I didn't realize until after I left that they hadn't ajdjusted the bill to reflect their happy hour prices.  I'll definitely return!
4	WOW**** This was so good. Bacon wrapped dates, shrimp tempura, steak skewer's and the french fries. everything was great. We wanted the paella but didn't want to wait. Then we saw it at another table and I wanted to kick myself. we will return for the paella.
3	My husband and I make Firefly the spot for special occasions because it is an absolute favorite. We usually go to the Paradise location, but for this Valentine's lunch we went to the Eastern location. The warm spinach salad and tuna peppers were delicious. We ordered the $12 fruit and cheese platter. This was definitely an overpriced dish as there was very little cheese on the platter. The strawberrries were mushy and the apple slices still had the fruit stickers attached. Yuck,We had better service from the busser. Our waiter walked right past our table to a group that sat down after us to take their order. He rarely stopped by our table and seemed bored everytime.
4	I was told that this place has a similar vibe as the Yard House, but that isn't the case in my opinion.  Firefly has a more intimate atmosphere that isn't centered around television monitors.  The food is served a la carte which can be pricey considering that the portions aren't very large.  But the quality of the food is up to par.  My favorite dish would be the  bacon dates. Bomb dot com.
3	I guess I'm finally a local, because after 7.5 years in Vegas, I ate at a Firefly.  I don't know how I've missed it, as it's been super popular.  But, finally had lunch at this one.  It was good, but I was not overly impressed.  This is a 3.5 star review.  I can't go up to 4, but it was a good lunch.The bread was warm and had a nice compound butter with it.  I don't eat olives, but there were olives as well.  Good bread service, and it was nice to dip in the tomato sauce later in the meal.The wife got the tomato soup with the brie grilled cheese.  I don't usually like tomato soup, but I wanted to try it.  The soup needed salt (something a lot of dishes lacked) and the grilled cheese was not grilled enough.  It too was on the bland side.  The adult fish sticks were overly done.  They were either burnt or the recipe calls for them to be fried too long.  Also, the spicy tartar sauce was lacking in heat.The shrimp tempura was a winner, although I didn't care for the sauce.  They are large and the tempura breading was good, not ridiculously thick as tempura can be.  Also, it adhered to the shrimp well.  This dish is served with tempura fried green onions and carrots, which were great.The meatballs were solid.  The parmesan kind of melts into a blanket on the top, making it difficult to remove one meatball from the dish without taking all the cheese with you.  The ham and cheese croquettes were winners.  I will order this dish again, and maybe 2 of it.  Perfectly fried (as opposed to the fish sticks) and a nice tangy sauce.  The manchego mac n cheese has been built up.  I've heard about it from several diners.  And, it largely lived up to its reputation.  I liked the peppers on top, they tasted to me like peppadews.  This is something we will do at home when we make mac n cheeses.  All in all, glad I went, and I certainly will return.
4	Very cute tapas bar.  My husband and I came for a quick date one evening and it ended up being happy hour! score!  half off drinks.  food was all quite tasty.  Nice place to catch up with some friends or to get a quick bite to eat.  You are also able to sample lots of foods too since the portions are small.
4	Went there with my boyfriend for our Valentine's night out. This was my first tapas experience and it was a good one. We ended up ordering 7 different things. Even with them all being small plates we were definitely filled up and quick. We had a lot left over too, not bc it wasn't good, we were that full! Next time we def will only get maybe 5 dishes. The place was packed but the food came out one right after another and was unbelievably good. I had to try the bacon wrapped dates that everyone talks about and they did not disappoint. Also the filet & ceviche are must haves. I will be going back for sure! I took away 1 star only bc even though the food came out with a quickness, we werent really asked how it was at any point and the drinks are extremely overpriced.
3	Great place to meet up with friends for dinner! I was hyped up for this restaurant because of all the other yelp reviews and I was a bit disappointed. We ordered many of the dishes off the menu such as the stuffed dates, steak skewers, scallops, fries, empanada, etc but nothing really stood out for me. I did enjoy the stuffed dates, the almond in the center was a nice surprise! I would come back one of these days because there is one right by my condo and try more of the items
3	I can be accused of being too critical from time to time, but I'm going to continue forth with an unexciting review for a local place that seems to have gone the way of many chain restaurants . . . and while expansion is great for the economy, it's not always great for the food.  Once upon a time, the menu at Firefly was excellent, and the execution was great.  Service has always been an issue, and it's not any different now.  The Eastern location is actually very nice - great views of the city at night, although if you're not a resident of the Anthem area, it'll be hard to notice and could be considered hard to get to.  Parking is not so great or plentiful as some the Firefly neighbors seem to get a little testy about which spots belong to who.In any case, the ambience is very Firefly - swanky, dark and a little sensual, same as the other locations.  The staff is generally personable, but very slow and somewhat disinterested in your dining experience.  It struck as almost being drive-thru like - they're trying to turn as many tables as possible, which means getting your order to you and you out the door.  The food is still good, although not excellent.  The bacon wrapped dates are more like charcoal wrapped raisins - I recommend a pass on that dish.  The roasted beet salad however is very good albeit very simple.   I've had good days and bad days with the mushroom tart - on a good day it's to die for, on a bad day, the pastry dough tastes like it's been in the freezer six months too long, and the mushroom sauce like it's been in the can too long.  Tha ham and cheese croquettas however, those have been consistently delish.  Those are a must have for me every time I visit.  Which brings me to my last point - this review seems very critical and sound like I'm disappointed in Firefly, and I am, but that's only because it used to be so much better, but it's still good . . .  not great, but good.   It's a good spot for a dinner out with friends, great for takeout when you don' t feel like cooking dinner, and a decent spot for happy hour.
4	Came to this location last night for a friend's bday and after visiting the original Paradise Road location several times almost two years ago, I was excited!   The location is on Eastern just past Sunridge Heights Pkwy. It's upstairs and there is an elevator or stairs if you're capable. I love this location more so than the original because it felt more open.  The windows are large, the space between tables is plentiful, and there are a couple different rooms. The original one seemed boxed in and tight fitting.  We ordered many different items and over the course of two years, my palate has changed a bit, so I was more adventurous last night. I ordered the tuna tartare plate which was a big mound of tuna sprinkled w/ black seasame seeds, mixed with avocado and a very tasty dressing/marinade. Could have used a bit more dressing/marinade for my taste buds, but they may have wanted to highlight the tuna.  It was good, and was served with taro chips. Nothing gross, just tasted like a crunchy tortilla.  I really wanted to try the eggplant cannelloni and the ahi tuna skewers/kabobs but with everyone else ordering dishes and all of us sharing, we all reached our stuffing point. Next time. The house made sangria is great, and we also ordered mojitos which was great as well, not overly sweet.
3	This location isn't so hot.Unlike the one located closer to the strip, the one in Henderson lacks the Spanish feel. The paella here is always dry...Service is usually mediocre. The last time I ordered my favorite Chorizo and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms they weren't cooked--let alone even warm. The Tuna Tartar was nice and fresh. However, it wasn't anything special. A little of seasoning wouldn't have hurt.
3	Visited on a Sunday at about 10:30AM.Service was slow.What really got my attention was the less than stellar initial impression and lazy follow through. During this this one and only visit to-date the server seemed to be too busy or was just fumbling through his duties. Had to be asked several times for a glass of water which took halfway through the meal to get.Whether management assigns too many table per server, are just concerned with filling tables or employee sick calls was the reason is of course speculative but nonetheless directly affect customer impression which determines future business.Food was good...not much else to say besides the two others in my party did not rave about it.Like another restaurant in my reviews the outside cityscape view, if seated accordingly, was decent.May give them another chance but with all the competition in Vegas we'll see when, if that ever happens.Again, service did not measure up in comparison to area Mexican restaurants.Yes, I did notice that this establishment seems to have a healthy 4 and 5 star round-up so you may as well try.
4	Went with my fiance to Firefly in Hendersen for the first time last night. When you walk up the stairs at night you look to the left and see an awesome view of the Strip. The atmosphere is lively on a Friday night and the decor is warm. For tapas we tried: - Ceviche of Shrimp: I thought it was good, but nothing overly special. It had avocado in it which I haven't seen done before. I enjoyed that part, but I felt it was still lacking something. It just seemed like someone mixed avocado, shrimp, and onions with lime juice. Not bad by any means, just nothing special. - Apple and Manchego Salad: Nothing too special with this Tapa either. My fiance got it for herself and I had a couple bites. I felt the apple a bit overpowering, but the flavor wasn't bad.  - Artichoke Toasts: AMAZING! Everything from the aioli to the hearts was excellent. This will be the first thing I order when I come back.  - Manchego Mac and Cheese: Excellent Mac and Cheese. Great flavor of real cheese and a good level of saltiness.  - Crispy Duck Roll: Tasty! The duck was ever-so-slightly overcooked, but the hoisen sauce made up for it. Great flavor.  - Scallops Escargot: These were pretty good. I was hoping it would be standard sized scallops, but they were cut in half. The garlic and herb sauce paired really well with it though.We also tried their Mojito. It had great taste and went down smooth. One issue though, the mint wasn't really muddled. It was just put in there. While it still had a minty taste, it could've been better with more genuine mint flavor. All in all, we will definitely be back to try their other tapas. Well worth the visit and I'm definitely a fan.
1	Service was less then good, they are more interested in turning tables then good service. I ordered a extra dry martini and all I could taste was vermouth, sent it back and second one came back worse. We had to flag down one of 8 gum chewing busboys/waiters for some water, we knew this was going to be a challenge as several attractive girls had sat down near their station. They became very distracted and service suffered. Finally our waitress took our order, tuna tartare, tilapia, meatballs and stuffed mushrooms, 3 out 4 showed up, waitress never came by to check on us only to ask if wanted dessert. Was hungry as I left, they need a real manager or like every previous business there they too will fail!!!!
5	Uhhhhmazing. Such a variety of food, you are never restricted with one dish. Get everything on the menu.
3	LOVE the firefly but the extra drive to paradise will be much better served. The kids who staff this location are slow, uninterested, inefficient, and inattentive.  For tapas style dining especially, that kinda ruins the experience. Poor management sense; poorly run business.
5	The mushroom torte is fantastic. We are vegetarians and have a hard time finding a good veggie friendly place to eat. This restaurant is very accommodating and has many delicious dishes for us.
2	Food bland, server a bit disinterested. Won't be going back
4	Wow ... what a great place! It was crowded! I'm from LA and wanted to get away from The Strip. My friend recommended this local spot and it definitely hit the spot. It was really busy.  Kind of strange that there are no pagers/buzzers for this place, but the Hostess said she would come find us at the bar area.  I was skeptical, but okay.Started the evening with a pitcher of white sangria. YUM! It could have had more fruit, but it was refreshing nonetheless.  About 30 minutes later and 2 couples who got there after us were seated before us, I asked the hostess how much longer it would be. It was clear that she forgot. Intuition correct! As a result, minus 1 star.Delicious: The bacon wrapped dates are great, as well as, the apple manchanga salad. However, I would do the salad at the end of the service, instead of the beginning. It's a great palate cleanser. Only okay: The lamb skewers with lentils were good but the lamb was a bit charred. The eggplant cannoli was also good but the goat cheese overpowered the dish. Beef empanada was okay. YUM: Dessert: banana nutella sandwhich and pistachio gelato. All that for under $40. Great pricing. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Been going to Paradise Location...It's smaller but BIG on taste/flavor !!!! Henderson location is bigger...great view and always awesome food...tasty...delicious...yum !!!! Sierra y Mar is one of my fav...lamp chops...calamari...and so on
2	Having been to the Firefly on Paradise a month and a half ago, I was really excited to find that there were other locations in the valley not quite so crowded and busy. So, we made a reservation to celebrate our anniversary tonight, and unfortunately, this location was a real bummer compared to the other one.Wish I'd noticed that a bunch of the reviews on this location appear to be for the Paradise location, not the Anthem location BEFORE we made a reservation. If you're reviewing here, people, this is the Anthem location we're talking about! :)We started with the baked tetilla and smoked salmon toasts. The tetilla itself was great, but there was a large quantity of cheese and we only got four small, thin pieces of bread to dip in the cheese. They were also served in the cheese, so all were half-soggy by the time we got them. We made up for the rest by using the bread plate. We had almost finished by the time the waiter returned to ask if we needed more bread.I had really enjoyed the smoked salmon toasts at the other location, and was so bummed to pick up my first one and find that it was burned black and so dry it was broken in half. One other was this way also (black and broken), and the other two were quite dark but at least they weren't broken. Really dry, though, and I lost out on any flavor that might have been on them. The salmon was tasty and the cream was nice as well, though.We tried the Firefly fish with panko and spicy tartar sauce next, and were surprised by how stinky the fish was. I also live inland--even further inland than Nevada, in fact--and I've always found tilapia to be light on the aroma and to typically smell like the sea. Our tilapia was just plain stinky. Very fishy, very strong. Neither Husband nor I finished our fish.The mango BBQ ribs were so tender the bones fell out of the meat, and the sauce was good, but we were pretty disenchanted by this point and decided to move on to dessert.Bummer news--dessert wasn't up to snuff either. I'd gotten the dessert platter at the Paradise location and enjoyed everything on it, but we just wanted a bit of dessert, so Husband picked the lemon berry tarts. I knew they'd be tiny-tiny, having had the ones at the other location, but I was downright disappointed when I discovered the tiny tart shells were barely 1/3 full. And, if you've eaten there, you know that means there's probably between 1/2 tsp. and 1 tsp. of filling. The shells only fit about a tablespoon. The lemon filling was absolutely indistinguishable due to the higher proportion of tart crust and fresh berries (which were very sweet and tasty, thank heaven, or the dessert would have been absolutely irredeemable).Service wasn't nearly as good as at the Paradise location, where I felt the waiter worked for my tip and I rewarded him handsomely in return. Here, where they were probably half to a third as busy, our waiter showed up at strange times and there were big lags between one course and the next. He was a perfectly adequate waiter but I knew I could expect better from this restaurant group. Our back waiter and runner were actually better than the waiter himself. They were quick, attentive, and helpful, and worked our table wonderfully.So, a $55 meal I didn't enjoy all that much, but at least my belly is full. If you want the real Firefly experience, please go to the Paradise location. It's worth the wait AND the noise--and this is coming from someone who prefers a more serene dining experience, typically. Oh well. It was worth a try!
4	Saw Chef John Simmons on Chopped on the Food Network and bookmarked this place to try. Had the following:Bacon Wrapped Dates - YUM. Must order!!Ceviche of Shrimp - YUM! I love ceviche that is dripping in lemon juice. Big pieces of shrimp with nicely chopped veggies. Plus, the tortilla chips were homemade and really crispy.Veggie Empanada - YUM! This was so flavor and the red pepper aioli was soooo good!Mushroom Tart - DO NOT ORDER. This was NOT good. The puff pastry was slathered with what appeared to be Cream of Mushroom soup. The mushrooms were rubbery and canned tasting and the puff  pastry was soggy and not fluffy/flaky. Veggies & Lentils - Not a huge lentil lover, but this dish was pretty good. It was garlicky and flavorful. Ahi Tuna Skewer - I wouldnt recommend this. The tuna had no flavor.Lamb Skewers - Good flavor just WAY TOO RARE.Babyback Ribs - YUM!. Spicy, flavorful and fall-off-the-bone good!Firefly Fries - Could have been a bit more crispy. The aioli is bomb!Banana Nutella Sandwiches - Was good. Nothing to die over. Trio of Gelato (Comes with Pistachio, Chocolate, Vanilla) - All the flavors are good, but the pistachio is BOMB! I would recommend just ordering 3 scoops of pistachio.There were 4 of us, came out to about $23 each with tax and tip. I think thats pretty darn good. Note: This location is upstairs in a strip mall... not the greatest from the outside, but the inside is nice and has a really pretty city light view once the sun sets.
3	It's not a bad place. It's not far from home, prices are decent, has a nice patio that overlooks the city.
4	I have heard numerous reports that I HAD to go to Firefly while in Vegas. I hadn't made it in until my last visit.I have to say, the service was great, the bus boys always kept our waters filled and table cleared, but holy crap- THE FOOD.We had 6 different tapas plates. Everything from tetilla dip, meatballs, green apple & machego salad, ceviche, machego mac n cheese, and stuffed dates. Single handedly the best meal I have had in the last few months. It enabled us to try all kinds of cuisine without having to dine in different restaurants.The other things that made it so great were the sparkling sangria (a little too much ice, made it hard to drink but it was still great) and for dessert- Banana &  Nutella on toast.I could have taken the Nutella home to-go. All in all, great experience. I know there are 3 locations, but I think this is easily the best one.
5	These chain of restaurants have the best service that you can get in Vegas, it is genuine and warm. I've worked for the industry in Vegas for almost 3 years and it is so refreshing to find servers and service of these quality. Going to firefly, we are helping our local community by investing more in our local business. It is a versatile place to dine out, either for a date, friends, or even family reunion. I am latina and firefly is THE only place in vegas that offers a tasteful place to enjoy latin american culture. I hate to hear people bad-mouthing these great restaurants, but plz keep in my these are ignorant people. Before any out there start pointing fingers, check your own kitchen and how you prepare you on own food, there are more chances that you will get food poison in your own kitchen, than in Firefly. Media is just taking advantange that Firefly is a place loved by locals and they are just making money out bad publicity. I can speak for my friends n myself that i will go back to firefly as much as I always do ( which is twice a week, every week) no matter what. Thanks again and please support our local business
4	We went to the location in Henderson just before the big Meltdown at the Paradise location.  The place was packed and the food was fine.
1	This place was dirty since the 2nd month it was open.  All my friends go there and love it but on my second visit after the opening I noticed that in general the place was getting dirty from window sills to sticky tables and seats, flies, floors were getting dingy and the food was not consistent to our first visit,,,,even the waiters look dirty.  This is the Henderson one that pasted the Health Dept review....scary.
5	Superb food every time we visit! The shrimp ceviche is the best ceviche we've ever had! So many great items on the menu. I've yet to have an item I didn't like. Great service! Great ambiance. This is one of our favorite place in Vegas!
5	I love Firefly. Hadn't been to this location yet but will be going back.  Their sangria is superb and I especially love the boqueronas (might have spelled that wrong), garden variety salad, passion fruit cheesecakes, bacon wrapped dates. But I have tried many things there (ceviche, petite filet, firefly fries, apple manchego salad, gazpacho, lemon berry tarts) and have yet to try something I didn't like. Oops, almost forgot another favorite - ham and cheese croquettes.  YUM!
3	This review should have been done several months ago.  In fact we where here before all the shut down from the health district with their Firefly on Paradise location.  I believe out of the three in the area this one was never shut down.  Anyway I used to love going to the one on Paradise with the girls on our girls night out so when they opened this location I had to get the hubby to come in and try it.  LOVED the mojitos but the food here was just ok....not as tasty has I have had. Hubby wasn't impressed so not sure I be able to get him to return with me.
4	Great selections of food! Great selection of beer & drink :) We ordered: fries (good), bacon dates (good), mussels (best), pulpos-octopus (salty!!!),and  steak& mushroom skewer (didn't cook well).Our waiter was really hard to find whenever I needed him....the service was little slow even though we went for early dinner after work....
3	I'd give Firefly an extra star for the food but took one away for the service, which was mediocre at best. We arrived rather late, and upon seeing that the restaurant was not crowded, expected good service. Instead, we waited for more than 10 minutes to be greeted at our table. I asked 2 busboys about our server and they insisted that he would arrive, but we still waited. My husband and I almost walked out when our server finally arrived. Frankly, the service was very slow. We ordered sangria, which was delicious. For our tapas, we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates (delicious), Diablo shrimp (spicy and terrific), mini filet mignon, lamb chops, and vegetable empanadas. The food was rich and delicious.  I highly recommend everything we ordered, with the exception of the empanadas, which were bland and unexceptional. I'd definitely go back, but don't know if I'd want to deal with the poor service again.
5	Still have yet to find a bad thing on the menu. Love the tapas concept. Love sharing food.Love their sangria!If you are still a bit skeptical about trying Firefly, live a little dangerously, you will not be disappointed!For added enjoyment, check out their weekend brunch! Everything we tried was a little taste of heaven.
5	Yummy. Great selections. Great Food. Great Service.
4	Have been there a couple times and love it!  The food is delicious, but tonight our service was terrible.  We had one appetizer and left.  Really bummed because it was my Birthday :-(
5	Went back tonight and gave them another try and the service was outstanding as it had been in the past.  Carlos was our server and he was excellent.  The food is amazing, we tried completely different items this time.  One of our favorites was the Tuna Tartare.
5	I love the anthem location the best.   There is always a spot at the bar for me and my girlfriend to relax after a long day at work and Jaime is the best bartender around.  We are both in the service industry so we are very critical. He remembers our names and favorite drinks. He makes the best pear martini of all fireflys around.  We never have to wait for a thing.  I suggest siting with him if you have the chance.  The food here is always prompt and delicious.  This locations needs to get the attention it  deserves
3	I've eaten at this location at least five times. The one common factor each time is slow service. They are giving the servers too many tables at once. They have great white or red sangria that is amazing. Order a pitcher. Stuffed dates can't be missed. A menu that has enough items on it for even the pickiest of eaters. I tend to skip the seafood items since they rarely taste fresh.
3	it was pretty good
5	O-M-G, simply amazing!My husband and I finally tried Firely (in Henderson) for the first time.  We arrived approximately 7:00PM on a Friday night.  The parking lot and street within walking distance were packed, we had to circle twice to find a spot to park (Good sign, no one wants to eat at an empty restaurant).  We waited less than 10 minutes to be seated.   Dining room is much smaller than expected.  Music from the bar carries over to dining room and chatter noise level is pretty high.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, this isn't your place....if you're looking for fantastic food and an energetic yet somehow relaxed  atmosphere....this is it!The food is excellent and priced right.  We ordered muscles, petite filet, beef skewers and clams.   Each dish was excellent.  The muscles were out of this world.  We can hardly wait to return to our New favorite restaurant.
4	LOVE the vibe, LOVE the food, LOVE the live band.Wonderful tapas. CAMARONES A LA DIABLA was amazing. We dipped the bread, empanadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the silverware in this sauce. We just couldnt get enough of the sauce. All the other tapas, were good, just not as good as the CAMARONES A LA DIABLA.There are also wines in everyone's price range.
4	Outstanding food, awesome vibe, yummy mojitos, and fast, friendly service.  We just about tried everything on the menu and every single dish was delectable... except for the tres leches cake we had for dessert. The cake was mushy, runny?,  somewhat of an interesting texture but one that I did not appreciate.  I love tapas style restaurants and this was one of the better ones I have been to.
5	The food at Firefly is so good ,I eat there twice a month.If I could I would eat there everyday of the week.I just love their food ! It's terrible about the food poisoning  at the Paradise location but now it's the safest place to eat and it's worth giving it another try.I live in Anthem and I visit the location on Eastern Avenue.I love the spinach salad,the croquettes  and the sliders,they are my favorites so far plus the shrimp dish,so good!! I hope they make it because its a great place to enjoy a lovely meal with friends or just by yourself!
4	Looking for something off the Vegas strip that is still fun and tasty?  Firefly is a pretty nice stop worth coming by if you have a car.  Firefly is located on the second floor of a small plaza.  We made a reservation on a Friday for a party of 5-6 around 8:30PM without too much trouble the morning of.  We did get a note that it would be tough to make reservations later on at night as it became more popular.  The decor is red and a little darker - definitely giving it a more intimate feel.  On the right side of the restaurant is the bar area and seemed much more relaxed than the left side which was a bit more open and had a small area for the band.  On certain days (again, we came on a Friday), there was a live band playing salsa/bossa nova music and even two dancers that really made the area fun to be around and they were fairly responsive to the crowd.  Great touch.  One thing you have to get when you come here is the sangria which supposedly is set for a few days before serving.  It's fruity in flavor yet is not overly sweet overbearing.  It's one of the better sangrias I've had in the world and definitely worth a pitcher.  The tapas themselves are also pretty good.  The bacon-covered dates were not too shabby with the sauce taking the limelight.  I also had the spicy beef salad which came with slices of filet mignon and was surprisingly actually spicy.  The included bread also was good and came with an aioli type sauce.  Costs range from $5-15 and are mostly tapas style dishes although there are a few bigger dishes like paella if you're interested.  We also had the tres leche chocolate cake which was interesting.  Although it wasn't exactly mouth-watering, the concept was interesting and made for a nice cleanse after a much more salty meal.  One small unfortunate part of the experience was that the service was a little slow.  There was only one waiter on our side that probably didn't help the situation as the restaurant got more crowded.  There was a separate server for water though which was plentiful.  One last little note is that Firefly is on the second floor of a building that is on a small hilly area, making for a nice view of a seemingly faraway strip in the background
4	As you drive up on the restaurant you can see the sign but when you pull into the parking lot, parking is limited. On the second floor, firefly had a small entrance that could be stuffy if they were extremely busy. We were sat right away but put at a wobbly table. We asked to move and got another bigger table right away! When the waiter greeted us he seemed extremely rushed but only half of the restaurant was filled. He took our order quickly as my girlfriend and I were already prepared. I personally had never been so I trusted her judgement. It's a tapas restaurant so we ordered 4. Dates, sliders, artichoke toast points and tomato salad. Before the tapas the served us this delicious bread. The tapas were unique and presented extremely well. The dishes were brought out one after another in no particular order. The service itself was acceptable. They worked as a team and satisfied our needs but the pace itself could have been a bit slower from the head waiter as to not feel rushed. All of the food was really good. After the tapas we had the lemon berry tart that came with a healthy serving of whipped cream! It was great. I can't wait to come just for that in the summer on the patio which has an amazing view of the strip. In conclusion I will be back to firefly again to try more tapas. The scallops are calling my name. The food makes this place a winner. Great for date night or a quick sophisticated bite.
3	just average i suppose.... service was definitely sub-par, i felt like the girl hadn't taken her anti-depressants for the day.The food quality was great, portions good, price point decent, but it kinda kills the vibe when you server reminds you of snuffaluffagus. Also kills their tip.
4	Great ambience. Love the red walls and fake candle lit tables. The server (wish I remembered his name) was so great. He was warm and friendly. The server gave us tasters of the sangria which I ended up ordering two glasses. Yum. The food was above average. Overall this place was great and glad to find it. Seems like a fun place go come to for brunch with the girls and drink sangria.
3	The fly-tie cocktail is quite tasty!SHINY! I thought this place was gonna be a fancible place to eat some foodstuffs, and I wasn't wrong. Capt'n Mal though, would have felt out of place.  It was not a place for Brown coats to unite. No, this establishment is a tapas bar and noshery. A place where the local color hangs out and the wait staff was attentive, but not overly so.  We did have to wait a mite over 7 minutes once seated for our busboy (not waiter) to come out and deliver water to us, and tell us our waiter was coming to take our order soon. You won't find any "tonic" here, but some very finely made cocktails, I had the Fly-tie and was quite happy with the libation, their dirty bloody mary met with approval too.  I enjoyed their vegi & pork empanadas, and while this is tapas, I did expect more than 2 on each plate, however they were quite delightful. However the best was yet to come:  The desert - Banana Nutella sandwiches were absolutely delicious  -- ORDER THESE.Now for the reason this was not a 4 star review:The place was dirty.  We were sat along the back wall, in one of the banquet seats with tables and chairs opposing.  There was foodstuff on the ground all around the table, in the seat next to mine. It was unappealing.  I get that Brunch on Sunday might be busy, but at 1:30 pm, your busser should have taken care of it. If not, don't sit a party amid this, when there's food that is languishing, being crushed into the concrete. It's kind of .. repulsive.   This was brought up to the manager -after the bill was paid. I was not looking for compensation.
2	I was shocked to see so many good reviews.  Soooo disappointing.  Arrived on a Friday night a little before 9pm - it was so freaking loud.  We asked to sit on the restaurant side away from the band, but were told that we could not - they only had 1 server in this section - on a Friday night.  We were seated in the middle, the "lounge"  - I had to sit on a foot stool to eat my dinner - literally.  It was so uncomfortable.  I couldn't help but feel extremely rushed by our server. A guy in a suit - who I presume was a manager, seemed like a total douche.  One of the servers approached him with a problem and he said "How many times are you going to make this mistake, it happened the last time we worked together.  Jesus, are you kidding me?!"  Talk about embarrassing.The food was ok - nothing that I was overly impressed with.  The "Albondigas" - were meatballs from the freezer and the cheese on top tasted old. The "Bravas" tasted like they might have been good around 6pm - but they sat in old grease for like 4 hours covered in paprika.   Maybe if they server would have waited to let us order more than 1 thing at a time instead of running away - we wouldn't have been there so long.  He came by and gave us "last call" sometime around 10:30.  I understand that their hours are posted until 10 - but there were so many people still in the restaurant - and the band was still playing.  I'm not sure how long it took to ask for the check and pay it, but it felt like an eternity.  I can't ever see myself going back
4	Service was great, nice variety and great food. We were there on Christmas Eve and we did get a table with a view. Bacon Wrapped Dates were awesome and the Filet was great. Pitchers of Sangria always a plus.
2	Love the food! but on a visit over the weekend... Service was the worse... Happy to hear they take reservations now.. wish I had known that, but thinking that it was first come, first serve like it has been there in the past we got there early, around 6pm. There was no one waiting and there were plenty of tables. We gave the hostess our name and she said it would be about a 20 to 25 minute wait. Within 10 minutes we saw a table being set with the number of guests in our part, .we thought wow, this is great. About 10 minutes later, a couple came in who had a reservation for 7 people and were seated at the table that we thought was going to be for us. We understand.. but what I didn't understand was how we continued to wait while the couple waited for the rest of their party to arrive. One person came 10 minutes, later, another couple 15 minutes. I know this because we ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table. By the time we were seated, their entire party was finally there. Worse part, a party of 10 that came in 20 minutes after us, were then seated next to us at the same time. Most restaurants will not seat unless the entire party is there. When they are, you can turn tables much quicker. Hopefully this will be a trait that Firefly picks up on soon.
4	I really enjoy this place! They have okay sangrias. Always order: chopped chicken salad, stuffed dates, tierra y mar skewers, and camarones a la diabla. If you are still hungry these were pretty good: plate of serrano ham and manchego cheese, firefly fries, stuffed peppers, grilled scallops, and camarones al ajillo. I didn't much enjoy these: ham and cheese croquetas, empanada, and most of the desserts were okay....I must go back and try their paella and mojito!
4	Excellent tapas dishes.  I highly recommend this place.  This is the one I'll go whenever in town.  Watermelon mojitio is good.  I recommend the date dish even I don't like blue cheese. you can't taste the blue cheese which was good otherwise I wouldn't eat it.
4	Love this place.  I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.  My favorite were the bacon wrapped dates, yum!  Service was a tad spotty, some things came out quick, while others did not.  It can get a tad bit noisy, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.  I will definitely be back.
2	Don't try to go to Firefly after 9:30 at night - you'll get the bum rush.  Rush, rush, rush - get out the door we want to go home.
1	Horrible bartender.  Some Bridgette Nielson wannabe who spends her whole night peering into the mirror behind the bar rather than pay attention to or serve customers.  With only 7 people at the bar, "Bridgette"(aka Stephanie) took 5-10 minutes to refill empty drinks and never noticed on her own that people needed additional libations.  While the food was typical high quality Firefly fare, the horrible bartender Bridgette (Stephanie) has ensures this location will never get another penny from me or the 3 people I was with.
5	Bottomless drinks at brunch. That's all I really need to tell you. But forreal, the food here is delicious. The staff is awesome with making accommodations for any food needs you have (I don't eat meat or dairy) so our server took care of me and even made some great recommendations. He was also on top of keeping our drinks filled and was extremely attentive. I want to say his name was like Matt...in any case, all the staff there were top notch, at least in my opinion. Now if only I lived closer...
5	I know exactly which bartender John S is talking about, and honestly Stephanie has always been nothing but an exceptional bartender- attentive, sociable and efficient.  I sit at the bar almost every time I come in, and enjoy that much more than the tables, actually.  The staff is chatty, friendly and always mindful of guests.  Must haves:  Everything is great..but especially the Bacon wrapped dates, Apple and Manchego salad, and the Banana Nutella dessert. To that particular reviewer:  Spending the bulk of your review attacking a person's looks makes your point invalid and as useful as a c*ck flavored lollipop. Frankly, you shouldn't return- you can keep your pennies to yourself.
5	Great food. Everyone's nice. Service is fantastic. View from the patio is wicked awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Similar to all the other reviews, the tapas are delicious here and so is their sangria. Must try the bacon wrapped dates and sliders. I tried the chicken and mushroom paella for the first time and it was addicting. Ended up with so much paella left over with how huge the skillet is and it tasted great the next day. I used to come a lot more in the past but stopped after I heard about the food poisoning incident. I definitely have to say that since then, their service has gotten a lot better. No more juvenile people who could care less about being there. Even with only one server working my entire area of the restaurant on a Friday night, she remained attentive and fast on her feet. Everything was hot when it arrived and my water was constantly refilled. Definitely come by and give it a try if you're looking for delicious and reasonably priced tapas.
1	Wow. Terrible service last night.  We were seated at our table for 40 minutes without a single glass of water. We had finally gotten our drinks 30 minutes in. The two plates of bread they brought out for the table of 15 were long gone and we hadn't ordered any food yet so we asked for the manager.  His rude and defensive response has to be one of the worst I've ever witnessed.  My brother was so annoyed he asked the guy to walk away.  When the food arrived it was sub par.  It certainly wasn't as good as it used to be.  The Mac n cheese was dry and flavorless, our meatballs were bland, we got about half as many padron peppers as we used to.  My shrimp ceviche was served on a different plate then it used to be leaving my tortilla chips to sit in the juice and become soggy.  Thank goodness we had the best company and we were able to laugh and still enjoy the night.  I will not be back...ever
2	I really wanted to love this place. My husband and I have always talked about eating here... One night we decided to give it a shot. Our server was definitely not friendly to start... Passion fruit mojitos were super weak, pretty much ice water ...some of our dishes took 45 mins to the table.... Way longer than it should have, even for tapas. Best thing we ordered were the sliders... Empanadas were good as well. I would seriously advise against the baked cod.. Way over seasoned with chili flakes, perhaps to hide the unfreshness of the fish, yucky. Over all it wasn't worth the $75 spent...and we won't be back.
1	Waited 2 hrs tonight 2/21/14 before we're told we were next for a table. There was 2 Michelle's on the list and we came in at 7pm an hour ahead of the other Michelle. We saw the hostess seated people that came in later after us. Hostess was arrogant and insisted we're not ahead of those people. She showed in the computer we came in at 7:55 but we definitely sure we came in at 7pm. It was our first time here and we came to celebrate my birthday! We were so disappointed we just walk out!
4	The food was very delicious but we had  the brunch menu I believe the on the branch  menu the Firefly egg benadict was probably the tastiest of all the dishes the all you can drink for $20 I recommend you wait on that due to the fact that there very slow in getting you a drink I make better sangria the Firefly fish sticks were tasty all in all we would come back   you get full quickly on very small plates
5	I love this place, the food and the service is fantastic.
4	Our food was really good and the food runners were on the ball when bringing out the plates and keeping our table clean.  My only complaint is our waitress Ana was horrible, checked on our table once and told us red wine is supposed to be chilled. I would still come back though!!
4	Great service, staff was friendly, the food was delivered in a timely manner. I ordered the firefly fries which were ok. The ceviche was perfectly Devine. I would order that again!! I ordered the ham & cheese croquette. I also enjoyed the complimentary bread which the apple butter in the beginning. I will definitely come again:-)
1	I went today after months sinceI usually go to the other location and the restaurant was almost empty. Regardless to that, the service was slow and the food terrible. I had to ask then to recook my mussels since they have no flavor even after putting a bunch of salt. The replacement was pretty much the same, way too salty so I'm positive I got the same thing back, just with even more salt! The pulpo asado was also tasteless and the wrapped dates were barely wrapped in bacon, and burnt...so sad, I used to love this place but I won't be coming again for sure.
5	Bacon wrapped dates are to diiiiie. The bread and butter is heaven. If it's a nice day, sit outside on the balcony. The view is spectacular.
4	Omg this place was freaking awesome and the bar tender was freaking awesome. The tapas are amazing and the atmosphere was so great!! I will definitely be back because I loved it so much! Service was great and the drinks were bananas!!!!
4	Great location overlooking Henderson, I enjoyed the cozy and intimate space. Definitely a great place to go on a date. This was my second time here, the service was wonderful. Ordered a variety of dishes from the last time and I highly recommend the stuffed dates and steamed mussels. Both dishes were flavorful. Finished it off with chocolate tres leches for dessert which was just okay. Nothing great about it..
2	With a party of 6 we ordered 9 or 10 things. Nothing was amazing or even memorable, and some were kinda on the gross side. I'm not picky and totally like new things, but this place was a let down in my opinion. Might give them another shot in like a years time, but I'm not entirely sure time will change their menu so - I don't know. Service was OK. And they sure do have a nice sign.
2	It's kind of sad that each of Firefly's locations have had issues with the health department and shut down at some point..it definitely tells you something about the company itself and the way they run their business. Although I've enjoyed many times at each of the locations in the past with their yummy sangria and unique tapas, I'm honestly surprised that they still manage to get good business in the locations that remain open, or that they reopened for that matter..I give two stars based on some good past experiences but I'll be weary to ever return again.
4	Neighborhood hang out for us....  Great tapas!  Love the varieties, love the panoramic view of the entire Las Vegas skyline....  Friendly staff... Very accommodating and love love love the fresh food and quick service. The host/hostess have always been very attentive and sit us by the floor to ceiling windows so we can enjoy the great scenery
