4	Open a week and it's that good!  Wow, We're regulars already.Mike and a crew from the original Bucco have opened a small bistro in Northern Peoria and it was already packed this evening.  And it deserves to be packed.Half a dozen appetizers (I've heard the bruschetta is on the sweet side) , four or five salads, a bunch of specialty pizzas, half a dozen entrees and an equal number of pastas.  My wife had chicken picatta and I tasted it.  She loved it!  I'm not big on chicken, but it was great!  I ordered the pasta primovero and it was wonderful (altho I will ask for a little more garlic in the future).  We both enjoyed a caesar salad and thought it was fine - anchovie lovers need to lobby to have fresh anchovies available.Wine and beer only, but they have a "Twisted" brand wine for almost every type.  We tried the Twisted Merlot and Pinot Grigio and for house wines, both were more than adequate.Wait staff was amazing for only one week open and there were plenty of them. Our waitress bubbled in a very nice way and told us they were really looking for comments - obviously, they want to attract the locals and serve items they like.  I hope Jo-Ann is looking forward to Italian next week!
1	We came in for lunch on a Sunday and it wasn't too crowded. It took quite a while for our drinks to come out. They did bring out bread and olive oil. The fiance ordered a Mediterranean Chicken salad and I got a penne dish with artichokes, chicken, and mushrooms. We were both sorely diappointed with the quality of the food. His salad had a few cold chicken strips on it (the same ones that were on my pasta). The pasta was ok, but it was probably something I could easily make at home. It would have been ok if we paid 5 dollars each, but the salad was 11 and the pasta was 13 bucks! We don't mind paying these prices if the food is good, but what a rip off. This place is way too overpriced for the quality of food. The pizzas looked ok, so maybe that would be the way to go. I wouldn't reccomend this place.
2	This place needs a lot of work. How about training your wait staff? We came in, and had to ask for bread (all other tables had it), then had to ask for balsamic (all other tables had it), then waited while the waiter randomly refilled drinks but forgot tables like ours.  Our appetiser, the Caprese salad, was bland, with under-ripe tomatoes. The main dishes we had (mine was pesto primavera) were just so-so. My friend's small pizza was nothing special and Barro's Pizza does a better job. The only bright side of this was the dish another friend ordered, the chicken fettuchini - the chicken was really great, although someone needs to teach the cook how to prepare noodles. I hope this place has some better luck, but so far it's just a waste of your time while they figure out how to train their waiters and their cooks.
5	Smart & contemporary surroundings blend with warm home-style Italian taste, this new restaurant has the makings of becoming your favorite local hotspots. With a warm staff, stylish bar, and diverse menu, you'll keep coming back for more; Whether for family night out, drinks with friends, or a choice of savoury dishes. Its easy to see why this might be one of the only places to dine on the far northwest side of town.
1	My husband and I returned from a long drive from New Mexico. We didn't care to cook and had wanted to try this new restaurant in our area. We decided to order "to go" so we could relax and enjoy what we thought would be a delightful dinner. What a dissapointment.We both ordered the Pasta Pescadore (of course having seafood it was the most expensive on the menu at $16.75), with it we also ordered the caesar salad at $3.00 each. A grand total of $44.00.We opened our caesar salad box which was shreds of lettuce, 3 croutons and a container of terrible dressing. A head of lettuce costs an 1/8 the price of this salad. I could not eat mine.Our "pasta" was your basic spagetti. No denying there was a lot. But we had exactly 3 muscle shells, mine minus 1 muscle, 3 shrimp, 1/4 piece of a scallop,and 1 strip of calamari. My husband had no scallop piece.There was barely any pomadore sauce, no taste, no spice, no spunk.What a waste of calories and money.We are not ones to complain but I must say when we got home and I opened the containers my husband was prepared to pack everything up and return it. I was too tired and convinced him to just eat it and consider it a lesson learned.Now we tried it we will never go back.Thank God I bought some Dunkin Doughnuts to save the night.Being in the service industry and knowing a lot of people this is one restaurant that will not get our recomendation. I predict if things don't change your doors will close.Thanks for giving me a stomach ache.
1	Food was pricey for portion size and staff wasn't very attentive...even with the small location.
4	Went to dinner here w my wife for her bday.  Nice decor.  Food was pretty good.  Calamari was great.  Waitress was a little slow in service.  Overall... I'd go again.
1	The GoodThe Hostess and Waitress seemed nice and the place is cute modern neat and clean .The BadBread basket contained squishy bread (Italians don't eat this kind of bread) but they do get a point for adding an herb and salting the top . pizzetta (margarita) I don't know how to describe but the crust had that very similar taste to frozen pizzas not even like a bad pizza out and unripe roma tomatoes were placed on top , the addition of some fresh basil topped the pie but didn't save it from tasting sort of cardboard like this was not tasty and after a bite or two we didn't feel like eating more .Herb roasted salmon tasted farm raised and was cooked to approx well done not sure about herbs but it tasted like salt pepper and garlic just a notch better than salmon off an Asian Buffet . This salmon ($15.75) dinner only came with what I think was the frozen broccoli cauliflower carrot mix you can always taste frozen especially in the broccoli . If I had this same meal in a food court at the mall  I'd say it was OK for a food court meal but even fresh vegetables are served at Panda Express and I don't intentionally go out to eat and pay for meals that are far lower quality than what I'd eat at home .My husband had the penne pepperonata and he thought his peppers were raw and said the sauce tasted like crushed tomatoes out of a can without seasoning also the pasta was gooey and over done .I do feel sick and sad for who ever owns this place and I hope they aren't like this all the time .I hope they get help from someone on how to prepare better food .Last Night was our first visit here but even Wild Horses would not be able to drag us back for a second visit .as a slight update the owner contacted me and said I was a "mudslinger" and he said I HAD A GOAL in saying something awful about his place...Gosh I don't know what I set wrong in my Yelp for not getting his message posted.I am NOT endorsing not to visit his place.....he didn't say anything about what I said about the food. maybe I was there when they weren't at their best?maybe we've ordered what they do least well?and maybe? they've improved since...I hope sogive them a try......I don't know what to say to the owner other than that.also I will mention now...that I left out we took our unfinished pizza home and it was packed sent to us all stuck together so I had to throw it out...I wanted to retry in case I was too harsh but as I said before they had unripe tomatoes that day so it didn't taste good and the dough I think might be frozen or a mix?
4	Great service, great food, good wine at a fair price.  What else could I ask for? Almost a 5 star in our book.  Had the calamari (excellent and the sauce was very tasty) and shared a margarita pizza.  I understand that everyone has a pizza they use as a guideline...and this one is almost perfect for our tastes.  We've had the mediterranean, and it was equally good...but again, everyone loves a different kind of pizza.  So far, this is our favorite in the Northern area.And gotta tell you....they've solved the bread situation.  Good Italian bread now!  With the dame fine dipping sauce.A final piece of news.  I got invited to come back into the kitchen after dinner.  You may know that the GM of Twisted was the manager of the old Bucca down in Arrowhead (before it was sold) and invites to the kitchen were not unusual there.  Let me tell you, you could eat off the floor in the Twisted Kitchen!  Wow!So why not a 5?  Because I see some of you had a bad first expereince - we've been here 8-10 times and have always been pleased.  So I hope you'll try Twisted again.  Then I can give it a 5!
4	The food was surprisingly fresh tasting and the service was impeccable.  The prices were a little high for what you get but all in all a great experience we will be back for sure.
4	Came here yesterday in a pinch running behind for a movie.  The service was very accommodating.  Nothing like the other reviews described and in fact I would say it was a very classic service that made you feel at home.  I wish we were not in a rush, but we ordered and I got the alfredo which was pretty darn good.  The server said that it is all homemade and I had that feeling when we were eating.  My wife had the Mediterranean salad that looks really good...she said it was OK but not her favorite.  My son had spaghetti and I couldn't help myself so I gave that a try and it was not bad.  Its hard for me to like any other marinara besides my families.  The bread would have been great if it was hot so that was a little let down since it was so soft already.  We will go back for dinner since the lunch menu was very small and I would love to try their chicken marsala.
4	This was our first trip to Twisted Italian and definitely won't be our last.  The restaurant was gorgeous and fabulously trendy.  The television in the restroom was a nice touch.  The food was delicious!! I'm an Italian food lover and this restaurant conquered it.  We ordered the Sweet and Spicey Chicken Pizza and a Chicken Alfredo Pasta dish.  The staff was friendly and the food was prepared quickly.Next time we will try the wine (they even carry moscato!) And dessert!It would be a solid 5 if portions matched the price.
1	My boyfriend and I were craving a great Italian meal, unfortunately we received something less tonight at Twisted Italian. As we walked in the door the hostess looked us up and down in a snarky manner. Our waitress was also a tad snotty. Like other reviews say the starter bread is bland and basically is the equivalent of Subway's sandwich bread.I ordered the eggplant parmigiana which was fine. It came with a side of spaghetti which was topped with sauce from a Ragu bottle (or so it tasted). My boyfriend ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken, he says it was just noodles. Nothing great.
4	Italian done right! The food is DELICIOUS!  The menu selections are not overwhelming.  The portions are pretty decent as well.  I always have leftovers to take home.  For me, italian food always seems to take even better as leftovers.  The staff is super friendly.  One of the owners even came over to greet me while waiting for my food.  They take extreme pride in their dishes and for good reason.
4	Food was delicious!! Service was great! I will be back again...
3	This place was not what I expected. I thought it was some kind of fast food type of restuarant like say, Rubio's Mexican Food.  It was not.  It was a really nice, chic, hip restaurant.  Good Food.  Pizza was great.  Fried Calamari yummy and the Italian Ice Cream is to die for.   They have alcohol too!
3	The ambiance is very nice.  Restaurant is clean and nicely decorated and appeared to be a bit more upscale than other restaurants in the area (there really isn't much to choose from out here).  Water was served in plastic "glasses" which seemed a little strange to me for such an upscale place.  We both ordered the Twisted Merlot wine and when it came to us, it was COLD!  I have never been served Merlot that was obviously being kept in the cooler.  It is a really big No-No to serve Merlot in any other way than room temperature.  Why don't they know this?  The bread was very dry and cool.  It may have tasted better if it had been warmed.  I had a house salad that was served with a very sweet dressing that I guess just comes with it as I wasn't given a choice of dressings by the waitress.   My husband had the caesar salad that was "okay".  I ordered the Sorrentino which was very tasty and a lot more food than I could eat and my husband had the Chicken Marsala which he said was "okay".  We wanted to give this place a try as it is very close to where we live, but if we want really good Italian food, we will travel much farther to get it.
2	won't be going back... food was mediocre at best.  it is NOT kid-friendly.
5	In from out of town and knew nothing of the restaurant. Was very impressed with both the food and the service. The server was attentive but not annoying. The owner greeted us and asked after our experience. The food was fresh, with excellent flavor. The sauces tasted freshly prepared, with obviously not canned garlic. Our only regret is there isn't one in our area.
4	Very nice modern little place. Clean and tidy. Ceasar Salad was great, service was a bot odd with the cook seating is. But from the looks of it they don't get much lunch business. Will be back
5	Great Service! Great food! Cozy and clean atmosphere!
2	Went here for the first time hoping to find a nice casual Italian bistro. Weeeeeelllll, not exactly. it's modern looking at first glance. If you walked in and didn't know the name you probably wouldn't guess italian cuisine by looking at the decor.The menu is short, not overloaded which is nice.The staff was pleasant and knowledgable. The diinning room was comfortable w/ a small bar but the music was blaring and left me feeling like I was in a bar not a restaurant. Calamari is the best app we had w/ a zesty sauce and a kick of red pepper seeds. We ordered the mussels but, they were too 'twisted' for me with a sweet white sauce that overpowered any flavor the small mussels would've had. They were, tender & tasteless. We ordered a salad w/ gorganzola cheese, but instead of crumbles, we got gorganzola 'dust'? (maybe it was just the bottom of the bag). The bread is like a "Subway" roll and the pizzetta ( their version of Domino's Artisan pizza) was ok but the crust didn't taste like fresh pizzeria dough at all. I have a sneaking suspicion it's brought in or frozen.  We've got three little girls who all had pasta w/ butter because the red sauce only comes with red pepper flakes already mixed in. So we had to send them back. Not a good dinner choice for kids. We didn't order desert.  All tolled, we were out the door for $100 w/ tip (and my wife is not a generous tipper).Side note:  My one daughter wanted to go to Pei Wei where we drop $45  and don't mind hittin' Coldstone afterwards for $16. The net-net is you always have to try a place once. But given that Phoenix has so many choices, to offer there has got to be a WOW factor to bring people back. This place is probably a better choice for a date night for two.   I give it a 5.5 outta 10 San Marzano plum tomatoes.
3	It's pretty good but a bit overpriced!
1	My wife and I went here for dinner hoping to find another.acceptable choice for dinner in the area. We were really disappointed.  After a nice dinner salad with a good strawberry vinegarette dressing, the meal went totally downhill.  I had the Sirloin Di Pizzaiola which had a strange texture and was very very chewy.  It was hard to even get my fork into it and a real chore to cut it with the provided steak knife.  It was bland and lacking in any real taste.  My wife had the Chicken Parmigiana.  The breading on the chicken had a bad taste and combined with the sauce to make a strange paste.  The spaghetti with pomodoro sauce that came on the side was average at best.The service was also below par as our waiter also doubled as the bartender and it took quite a while for him to process our payment.  All in all a very unpleasant experience.
3	Good service. Calamari unremarkable. Good house wines. My group enjoyed citrus chicken salad. I liked eggplant chicken dish.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant! Their pizzas are delicious, you can't beat their pesto cream sauce, and the pistachio ice cream dessert is to die for!
4	I have to go up this way for work sometimes and I drive by A LOT. I finally stopped in during lunch. It was awkward being the only one in there. I am italain american and I have had some AMAZING italian food in my day! I would say this was good but, not  I HAVE TO GO BACK!!! A little pricey too especially for lunch... But, I did enjoy myself.
5	Started off with Calamari that was the most delicious tender Calamari we've ever eaten.  Cheese Ravioli was delishiously creamy and cheesy and the Chicken Marsala was amazing!Olive oil, vinegar and bread was fabulous too.TV in the bathroom was a nice touch!  Ambiance and Service were stellar too!  Hope to be back soon!
2	First impression was the temperature in the restaurant was too warm. We only became more uncomfortable as we ate. Odd bar menu of limited wine by the glass or bottled Mike's hard lemonade products. Attractive decor. Generous portions, but overpriced, especially once you add meat to the salad or entree. The fried calamari appetizer was generous, but in a weird thick squid steak kind of way. Limited menu. Hot,weird,expensive for a budget like atmosphere.
5	Far above the average strip mall Italian restaurant. Everything is fresh and very well cooked.The selection and service are hard to beat..we eat there a couple of times a month for lunch
2	Have been here 4 times and the first 3 times it was great then the last time we took some friends in from out of town and one of them ordered a mandarin orange salad. When she got her plate and started eating, the orange tasted bad. I took a bite out of it and yes, it was rotten. She returned the plate and a new one was brought to her but our server stated that when she took it in the back another server and the cook tasted it and it was just fine. I have opened a can of mandarin oranges before and out of the can I have experienced a rotten one in the can which could have been this problem but they cannot judge another one over the one we tasted. I am a cook and know when one is bad, and the one we tasted was BAD. For that we have not returned in a month and I was going there every week. Besides all this we were charged for this salad and most nice restaurants will not charge for something like this as our friend lost her appetite and did not even take her salad to go.
4	I went here for the first time with the $20 for $10 groupon deal.  The restarant is located next to Chipotle, Paradise Bakery, Cold Stone etc, and it's a modern Italian eatery.  Ordered calamari and it came as long satisfying pieces of squid and perfectly breaded.  I am a huge pesto fan, so for dinner I ordered the Mediterranean pasta with added chicken.  It was very good in both taste and portion size, mixed with sundried tomatoes, olives and feta cheese.  Bread basket was also good, although smaller in size than I am used to at other restaurants.  Host and waitresses were very friendly and service was fast.  It is not a fancy white cloth restaurant, but it is a eatery with good selection.  It can be pricy without a groupon, but they do have daily specials and weekend buy 1 get second pasta 1/2 off deals.  I would go back again!
5	Amazing pizza, possibly the best I have ever had. The sauce is unique almost sweet and the fresh dough it light and tasty.
2	I'm only giving this place two stars because I used to love it. I moved in the area about a year ago. That was the first Time I tried this place. It was awesome! It was my new Italian joint. So we would go there at least once a month.  When I stated school everything got busy do I couldn't go as often. I missed their mozzarella sticks so we went back. I don't know if they got new management or their standards have dropped but everything we got was way too overcooked.  The mozzarella sticks were so burned the cheese was leaking out of them. Also the dish I got had red sauce which tasted like it was straight from the can. I'm sad I used to love this place but I haven't been back there since this happened 2 months ago.
1	Yes one star, I believe I even gave Culver's AKA "whats wrong with America" and Kings Fish house "canned fish on my plate for $25+" 2 stars, but this place was horrible. I'm not a douche, I don't review cruelly unless its earned and they earned this star.  First off service was fine, waitress was no issue so I'm ok with that but the problem started with the drinks.  Now I understand red wine is served room temperature because I am cultured and a closeted alcoholic.  But this wine must of been stored next to the oven cause it was hot as hades (thats hell for you morons) which although the wine was surprisingly good it would of been better below boiling point.  Now the food, first they bring you "Italian bread" which is soft untoasted Texas toast to dip in oil and balsamic vinegar. Why the hell do they use this bread is beyond me but i was starving, so I had a slice and yes it was mediocre at best #shocker.  Next came the meal I ordered the chicken marsala and my lovely date who opted for this place over Squidink #lame ordered the chicken picatta.  The Marsala was ok, nothing special but not bad served with pasta on the side - the pasta was the "standout" of everything we ate.  The picatta was so sour it was almost unedible  but being a gentleman and good looking man I traded with my lovely lady and ate as much as I could until I felt sick from the "sour chicken" which they should change the name of this dish to because it was ridiculous.  After 2 entrees, 1 glass of wine the total after tip was over $50.  Its times like this when Italian restaurants exist this bad I don't understand how Fazoli's went under in Arizona.  On a positive note they have great new big flat screen TV's, something every good Italian restaurant requires #notreally #hireachefoverbuyingTVs #facts
4	Yum Yum Yum. Bread and oil was delish. I had the twisted ravioli - fabulous! Other diners with us had spaghetti with sausage, penne, and meatball sandwich. We are all very pleased with our dishes and would go back. I thought it was much better than the typical run of the mill Olive Garden. We did have a groupon but they also have deals which make it a little more reasonable.
4	Went to dinner here w my wife for her bday.  Nice decor.  Food was pretty good.  Calamari was great.  Waitress was a little slow in service.  Overall... I'd go again.
4	I typically wouldn't take family to a restaurant that has an overall 3 star Yelp rating. It's not that I blindly trust everyone here, but I have found that overall it is pretty spot on and why take family to a 3 star location? Well, in this case I took a risk and was able to nervously exhale very early in the experience.Like I said, I had family from out of town in and we didn't want to drive all the way to Arrowhead for Italian food. We had seen the Twisted Italian before but were skeptical. Once in through the front doors, I immediately had to adjust my preconceptions. The Twisted Italian is much more family oriented than I had thought. Very well lit, larger tables, very open. I guess I never really looked through the window to see what was inside. We were seated immediately which scared me for a Saturday night. Did everyone else know something we didn't?Our waitress came over fairly quick and we had our drinks in a very short time after she took the requests. We ordered some bruschetta for an appetizer even though we all noticed it had honey drizzled on it. The waitress came back after putting our appetizer order in to get our main order. There were 6 of us and she took each of our orders without writing a thing down. Not ever being in that industry, it scared me. I shouldn't assume everyone else has my horrible memory. The bruschetta came and it was pretty good. Fresh chopped vegetables, good crumbled cheese, and drizzled honey. Unfortunately, the honey did detract from the classic bruschetta flavor I was looking for, but I won't ding them for it because I went into it eyes open. My penne alfredo with sausage arrived piping hot along with all of the other guests' dishes withing a very reasonable time in the kitchen. Now, the menu said the alfredo sauce is home made or something, but I don't care where it came from, it was very good. The pasta was cooked just right and the sausage was very complimentary as well. My wife's spaghetti was also cooked just right and the sauce and meatballs were surprisingly good as well. In the first 5 minutes of the meal we looked at each other with a mutual expression of,"Damn, why haven't we been coming here all this time?". Better later than never I suppose.The staff was great. When the door is opened for you as you walk up to the restaurant, they are earning cool points right out of the gates. Our waitress was definitely a cut above what I have experienced in other restaurants. She indeed did remember the order I was worried about previously, never let my tea or my company's drinks get below half full, was deeply knowledgeable of the menu, and was more than happy to adjust the orders to our preferences. She was simply pleasant to have and let us do what we came to do, eat our meals and have a nice conversation among ourselves.If the Twisted Italian has been one of those places you have walked by and never really paid attention to like I had been, go for it. I can't do 5 stars because it didn't blow me away so this is one of the most solid 4 star ratings I can give. We will definitely be going back. There was a lot more on the menu that I want explore.
4	Ok this isn't going to be like wow that was the best Italian I've ever eaten, but I don't think that is the goal.  I think it is an appealing place this is serving high quality Italian food quick.  We had the calamari, I had sausage/pepper dish, and partner had raviolli.  Service was great, food was good, and wine wasn't bad.  Limited selections but I think that is part of hte charm.  For sure on our regular short list.
1	Never again. A group of us went here for a friend's birthday & the service was horrible. The food was fine, but I wouldn't come back just because of the service. Our waitress got our waters in a semi-timely manner, but it all went downhill from there. She was very rude when we were ordering & when we asked anything. We even had to ask for our waters to be refilled. We tried to get her attention numerous times, but she just wasn't attentive enough to notice. Then, the birthday girl's husband went to discreetly ask for a small dessert to celebrate, the waiter that he asks comes over to the table & very NOT discreetly asks "So did you want a full cake or just a dessert?" fully w/in earshot of the birthday girl. Of course she knows she's going to get a dessert, but it could've been sort of a surprise, at least!  It's like the guy had never had a birthday table before. The last thing is one of our friends accidentally knocked over a glass of water onto the table and NO ONE, not one single employee in that restaurant, helped. No one came to give us more napkins or anything. We had to all chip in our own napkins as well as take some from other tables to soak up the water before it spilled all over the floor. Those napkins sat soaked on the table the rest of the night. The waitress dropped off the checks & didn't say anything about the napkins. We were all appalled at the service & won't ever be coming back.
4	Walking in: very clean and modern. Was greeted immediately by friendly server.Ordered:Glass of Chianti. High quality and generous poutCaesar Salad: disappointing. Store bought dressing and lettuce.   It was the add-on $3 version so I wont focus negative energy.Entree: pasta fresca, perfectly cooked pasta, fresh sauce, generous garlic. A very strong 4 stars.Overall: between 4 and 3 stars. Entree, Server and value scores the experience a 4
1	First time we went had a pleasant experience for lunch...purchased a groupon on February 2nd and arrived with six adults...we called ahead, figuring they would be busy, but they wouldn't set a table aside...after waiting an hour and a half we came to the conclusion that they weren't going to seat us so we left....we came back tonight to give them a second chance to make things right....we called ahead nice again explaining what happened two weeks prior but again they would not accommodate us....we arrived and was greeted by a pleasant host at the door and was seated immediately, we told him what happened two weeks ago and he was very apologetic......a pleasant server took our drink orders....then the owner came out from back of the house and aggressively approached our table and was upset that we told his host that they didn't seat us the two weeks prior...that it wasn't his fault...and there was nothing he could do even though I mentioned to him we observed four 4 tops being seated even though they arrived after us...We once again left without being served......the owner is clearly inexperienced and unprofessional....he would have been better off keeping his mouth shut and allowing his pleasant server take care of business and we probably would have enjoyed our evening..,,but he wanted to make his point to us that our last visit was not his fault...and that we made him feel bad....well, I ask, who's fault was it??!! Mine??
4	I too bought the $20, for $10 from Groupon and I must say I was impressed.  My mantra is always to support local business.  This is a great gem in a strip mall.  The pasta was great, the wine was good the service ( I think it was from the owner's mother) was great as well.  Go - you won't be disappointed.
1	I've given this place more than a few attempts to redeem itself. I personally feel that just because I had a bad experience at first doesn't necessarily mean it'll be bad the second or third time. Could've been a hiccup of sorts or poor staff.That being said, my latest "adventure" was nothing short of a dissaster. Sounds a bit dramatic I know but let me explain. I walk in, look around, place is empty and there's no hostess or a sign that says seat yourself...nothing. My boyfriend and I look at eachother and shrug so we find a cozy spot in a booth/table. It was a chilly evening and some italian comfort food sounded pretty good to me. Funny thing is my boyfriend warned me we should have gone to Olive Garden or something but I didn't want to drive far. About 8-10 minutes go by and a waitress who looked like she was not enjoying her day looks at us and sighs heavily. I looked at my watch to check if perhaps we came in right before closing time. (I know I would hate it as a server therefore I try to never do that) ...it was 8:30. I shrug it off thinking she's just having a bad day so I'm super nice to her and ask her how her day was..."fine" OK I get it cool. I ask for some cheesy bread for starter and a diet coke. (I know it's bad for you and I don't drink it often but I was in the mood for one and so was my bf) She asked us if we were ready to order our dinner, I said no, and she says, "Well just holler at me when you're ready" K...Cheesy bread comes and it's cold, diet cokes are flat and I'm biting my tongue. If there's one thing I hate it's complaining when the server is already upset. I didn't want anyone spitting in my food. My bf looks at me and pretty much reads my mind. We agreed to stay and see how the main course goes. At this point, we're ready to order...I decide with the baked ziti and the bf orders just a cheese pizza. Thinking sure that should be manageable right? No...food was cold and the pizza contained onions? Never asked for them and they aren't even standard on a cheese pizza. I'm thinking at this point that someone is totally messing with us. Needless to say, I would not be giving this place a fifth chance. I'M DONE!
4	Love the atmosphere here and the food is pretty good. Prices are fair and its nice and close. We will be back.
5	The food here is great!  Their marinara sauce has a slight hint of sweetness, just like my grandma used to make .   The Parmesan eggplant was amazing.  The service is always good and the decor is simple but nice .  This is a great local place to eat .
4	I was happy with the taste and size of portions here. I heard it was expensive and when I went it wasn't so that must've changed along the line. This is more of a contemporary Italian restaurant but it compliments the area well.
5	Great food and great service!
5	Clean looking place.  I had the Tuesday spaghetti and meatball special and saved a couple of bucks, otherwise I wouldn't even consider eating here.  They have the basic dishes- and the spaghetti was prepared perfect.  The place is similar to a Babbos.  But, the spaghetti was 100 times better.  The noodles were al dente, they were allowed to set-so you don't have a lake of water in the bottom of your bowl, also.  The sauce was authentico-made only from tomatoes (no Ragu here).  The bread was hot and had your basic dipping oil.  The meal was hot and they put Parmesan on if you want it (higher end places grate real Parmesan).  No surprises and cooked right on the mark and tasty. There were only half a dozen people there so, the food came fast.  the wait staff kept my drink full and never left me hanging.  I gave it 5 stars because I had no complaints and got In and out in no time. They have a bar and big screens.  Not bad- with drink and tip at about 12 bucks.
2	My husband and I went for the first time on a Saturday night.  We were hoping to experience a new, local Italian restaurant that would be closer than the one we usually go to.  First off, our server was very friendly and helpful.  She was attentive to our needs throughout the meal.  No problems there.  She brought us our requested water with lemon.   I have never tasted such bad water in a restaurant.  Like right from the tap.  We ordered a Garden Fresh Salad, which the menu said was made with Romaine lettuce, etc.  Ours came with what appeared to be iceberg lettuce.  BORING!!!   The bread that was served was really skimpy, only 3 very small pieces.  Nothing special.  I had the Mediterranean Pasta.  Flavor was "ok".  A bit overpriced at $10.50.  My husband had the Penne Pepperonata.  He felt it was also just "ok" and overpriced as well @ $11.75.  We did, however, get a buy one entree' get one for 1/2 price.  So at least that was some consolation.  Simply stated...we will likely not be returning for a second time.
1	The owner was extremely rude to my friends and I. We wanted to use 2 Groupons and he came out and very rudely told us we couldn't. The restaurant was dead with only 2 other tables seated. Seems to me like he could've used the business even if it was with Groupons. We left and had a very nice dinner at Olive Garden. I will never go back to give my business to a RUDE owner!!
4	My boyfriend and I purchased the groupon and despite the mixed reviews, decided to take a chance on twisted italian. We were very impressed. The server was very sweet and always had a smile on her face, even when the place got busy. Our food was outstanding: Gorgonzola and pear salad is so fresh and the ravioli w Marsala Alfredo sauce was honestly some of the best pasta sauce we've ever tried. The cannoli was good too. Outstanding place and great prices! Would def go back and recommend to friends/family.
4	We use this restaurant mostly for take out but we really enjoy the food.  Our favorites are the Baked Ravioli with chicken and the Mediterranean Salad.  Both are real good.  We absolutely love the spring mix lettuce in the salad.Some people complain that the place is not full, we find that a plus.  We are older and like the quite.  Too often you get in restaurants that are so noisy you can't talk or hear yourself think.  Even when the restaurant was mostly full, we haven't noticed that it is too loud like some places.
2	Commercial, ok.  I can't say it was bad, it was just food court.
5	Outstanding food, service and decor. Owner Mike was our server. Calamari was fresh cut strips, lightly breaded. No tentacles or frozen stuff, not over cooked. My dad had Alfredo with sausage which was all home made, great flavors. I had chicken Parmesan sandwich. Once again great flavor, lightly breaded topped with bruschetta and served on very soft roll. Will definitely go back when I return to AZ.
2	Called to make a to-go order and was put on hold by a gentleman, which was no problem.  A minute later, a woman answer and said, "yeaaahhh?!"  It was so rude.  I eat there at least twice a week because I like their pasta diablo, but I will not be returning. Customer service is dying or it's already dead.
1	I've never been to an establishment that treats their customers so badly. The owner literally shooshed my one and a half year old and then told us our children are too loud. I should mention that we were the only ones in the whole restaurant. He didn't even let us tell the kids to quiet down. He was rude and his actions were ugly towards some mommies and their toddlers just wanting to eat lunch. It was hateful and we will never go back.
1	I was so appalled by the greeting I received at Twisted Italian today. My friend and I stopped in with our children for lunch and were immediately greeted by the owner, who seemed annoyed when we asked for two high chairs. As he was getting the high chairs, one of the boys (age 1 1/2) was saying something and was immediately told, "shhhhhhhh!!" by the man. Not even 2 seconds later one of the boys yelled excitedly. Before we even had a chance to tell the boys to use their "inside voices," the man angrily replied, " ok...this is not going to work." He then proceeded to put the high chairs back. He then told us to "have a nice day." I was in shock. May I also add that we were literally the ONLY people in the entire place. Now I can see why. It was our first time to Twisted Italian and we will not be returning. I suggest not even bothering having high chairs in your establishment when you are, clearly, not family friendly. Makes me sick to my stomach that someone could behave so hatefully towards children.
5	My husband and I met some friends last Saturday night, walk right in and got a table....no wait!  Our first time eating here so was not sure how it was going to be....pleasantly surprised!  I had the chicken pesto pasta and it was delicious, my husband loved his ravioli.  Reasonably priced - had a special buy one pasta, get one half off. Will be back!
5	We stopped in for lunch on our 20th Anniversary. I have to admit we were starving to. Luckily it was Wednesday and the wine bottes were1/2 off. Our waiter was awesome. We split the calamari which was perfect meaty and tender with a nice coating. The Sorrentino was huge. Everythimg went well with the twisted red zin our waiter picked out. Stop by and ask for Mike. You will be glad you did. Casual dining but real good food.
4	Returning home from Goodyear to Prescott and saw the name twisted Italian sign. My husband is Italian and we were hungry, so we stopped . Time was 3pm and yes it was empty. The owner nicely greated us. Yes, he does have a dry sence of humor which I find humorous. The fried calamari was tasty and tender. Our pizza was tasty and the wine was good. If you are in the area and like Italian food give twisted Italian a try you will not be disappointed. We will be back.
5	Wow, came because of a groupon special, will return because ofThe great friendly wait staff, absolutely delicious calamari and garlic cheese bread, perfectly cooked pasta with tomato sauce, light fresh and not drowning the food it accessories.This is a winner even if it's a bit twisted.
5	Wonderful neighborhood restaurantPasta deliciousSauces deliciousEntrees deliciousWe found this little gem on group on and have returned a number of times.  We've recommended this to friends with full confidence that they will have an equally delicious experience.  And they have.
3	I brought my family back to Twisted Italian after a not so great first experience.(read my first review from 11/2011.)We went back during the Christmas season in December. it was busy and was a marked difference from the first time. The wait staff was attentive, knowledgable, and pleasant. The owner came by and was also friendly. The food was very good and my three girls (twins 7 and older 10) loved the alfredo sauce. I think it's notable for an owner to take the critiscism and be thankful for what's written on Yelp (The good & Bad) because Yelp allows people to be more honest.  Every customer will tell you to your face that they loved their experience -- but, will dish the dirt on Yelp.  Bravo to the ownership of Twisted Italian. We'll come back again.
4	Great service. Flavorful food. My Lover had the meatball sub. Hearty portion of meat and the garlic/parm fries were amazing!I enjoyed the cheese ravioli in a Marsala Alfredo sauce. Very very good! Ended the visit with a cannoli. They make them in house. Very light and whipped perfectly.  I can't wait to go back. They seem to have great specials throughout the week.
2	Ate there once, and probably would not go back.  Seating was very limited and we had to sit at one of those high-stool type chairs.  Menu was somewhat limited and the service was slow.  I felt it was overpriced and trying to be too trendy for the area.  Neither of us was very impressed.  Better alternatives right in the same plaza where it is located.
4	Wow! We have driven by this place plenty of times but never stopped in. The food was, to say the least, very impressive for a strip mall restaurant.My wife tried the chicken piccata, it was very fresh, flavorful and tender.I had the Penne pepperonata. It was very good, lots of flavor and a good sized portion (I had to take about 1/3 of it home and I'm not exactly a small man).The waiter was very pleasant and attentive, we will most definitely return and also recommend it to friends.
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Wife and I along with our 6 year old daughter visited there one early afternoon during  the week. Place was void of anyone except the host. I expected bad food because of the time and thinking Chef wasn't ready but it was great.  Pretty good atmosphere as I prefer more private booths but it was nice.  3 visits here and food is above average and service pretty decent. I hope you support these smaller places as it's tough nowadays.
5	Best meatball sandwich ever! Best Caprese starter ever! Best Pasta Picatta ever! Quick and attentive servers. Been there four times. Cannot find better Italian food in the NW valley. Great neighborhood spot.
5	Best caprese starter-best meatball sand-best chicken parma sand-best chicken Picatta- best pasta Picatta. Attentive service. Great neighborhood place. Been there five times.
1	Overpriced and over salted pasta. Don't expect any bread unless you want to pay an extra $.6.50, no salad. Anything added to the pasta will cost an extra $4 to $6 on to of the $11 dish . Service good but our first and last trip
5	We try to get here often. Favorite night is Wine down Wednesday. Wine is half price. We love the chianti with any of the dishes. Very good food. Our favorite is the chicken marsala, and the Sorentino. My fav salad is the Gorgonzola Pear! For appetizer I love the mozzarella bread and sauce. The bolognaise sauce is super! Get it on the cheese ravioli!
5	Great food! Stopped in for lunch, had several things and shared. The owner was super nice and visited with us for a while. Highly recommend!
4	Run, don't walk.  This place is outstanding!  We are here for three more nights, and plan to be there every night. I am 100% Italian, and super picky about Italian food.  We had the pan-fried mozzarella and marinara which was prepared perfectly, and served still hot, which is important for me.  Their sausage is delicious (try the sausage sandwich) and attention to detail and spicing is amazing!  The wine is reasonably priced, and the overall atmosphere is very "famiglia."  We sat at the bar and visited with the owner, who you would have thought we'd known for years.  He was bantering back and forth with the waitstaff, and quickly tended to us throughout our entire time there.  Other patrons included romantic couples, families with children, and several people who were obviously enjoying themselves.  From the outside, it looks like just an average strip-mall eatery. but once you step inside, you immediately feel the warm  welcome of the old country! Bathrooms and the dining area were clean, and the acoustics were charming - not too loud, not too quiet.  Overall, this place is a find!
5	We have made this a regular place to eat, went here first because of a Groupon. The calamari is excellent, even my seafood hating kids love it. I have had several of the pasta dishes (that I sample from my boys plates) but I always fall back on the spaghetti and meatballs. It can be a little pricey, but your eating out, expect to spend some money. They usually have a Groupon, so check there first to lessen the bill. Overall, the food is great and the staff has always been good to us.
4	Very nice atmosphere, very good food. Quick and friendly service. will definitely return.
5	A little Italian gem in the midst of many chain restaurants.  For some reason there were almost no people eating when we were there around 1 pm on a Thursday but the food was great. I had the pear Gorgonzola salad with grilled chicken which was perfectly fresh and tasty. My hubby had the pene cardinal with Italian sausage...also delish.  We finished it off with a very fresh cannoli . They had to have made is fresh right then and there. We will definitely go back. We were sorry that more people seemed to be going to bland chain restaurants instead of choosing this one.
3	I went there a few years ago with a friend for the first time. They may have just opened, not sure. We went for lunch. There was only one other table besides us. The waiter was very friendly and it felt like a fine dining experience. That being said:My Husband and I just moved into the area. I was excited for him to try this place, I went ahead and purchased the Groupon. We both love good Italian food. So we decided to try it last night. They had two small tables outside (which should not have been since there's no room and it disturbed the walkway) and there were about 10 kids running around, jumping off the benches and blocking the sidewalk outside. It was very difficult to even walk by. When we went inside, it was busy but again, kids running everywhere. No one said a word, not even parents. We decided to try and get a table. We knew we had to probably wait but where would we wait? The benches outside were overrun with kids and no waiting inside. Didn't matter anyway because no one came to seat us. We waited about 10 minutes. We decided to go to the Sushi place next door. Wonderful experience there. We were met at the door and seated right away. Food was excellent. I decided to go on Yelp and read the reviews. So glad I did. Something changed in the last few years. I will be returning my Groupon and avoiding this place. It looked like a Daycare from the outside and inside. I guess the owner doesn't mind loosing business to a good Sushi place.
5	Very nice casual Italian family friendly restaurant. We've taken our 2yr old here several times. The owner even brought over a meatball when my dd was so hungry she couldn't wait!  Staff is very nice and food always comes out fast & hot. Food is soo good! Blows all other Italian restaurants out of the water!! Try the twisted ravioli and you can't go wrong w the meatballs.
5	Third time here, still not disappointed! Great service and yummy food!  Calamari starter is awesome!  Today was meatball calzone, sooooo good!
5	Visiting lovely Peoria for the USA 17U Championship.  Family ritual, Italian before the first game.  My son has a team meeting at 9 pm, I look for Italian close by and come across Twisted Italian!  We ordered take out.  The dishes were well prepared very flavorful.  My daughter who loves ravioli and has it everywhere we go announced it was the best ravioli she's ever had.  My penne with broccoli and shrimp was fabulous -- my son's penne peppernota was very good.The restaurant is located in a mall, but it is too cute.Highly recommend -- service was friendly --food was provided quickly -- price was right!
5	Very yummy food.  The atmosphere was cozy.  The owner,  Mike, is so passionate about making authentic Italian food, from scratch too :-)!My husband and I stopped in today and found the place 1/2 full. The tvs were displaying some sports, of course my husband loved that.He had the spaghetti and meatballs and I had the citrus salad with grilled salmon added.  We loved our food.  We didn't need dessert but did go for the cheesecake.  Not a crumb was left on any of our plates.Oh, and the fruity sangria was wonderful.So,  as you can tell, we will be going back for more next time we are in the area!  Yum!
4	This was a very pleasant surprise. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meal. We all shared the house special cheese bread which was delish! The Caprese salad was a bit of a disappointment because of the cherry/grape tomatoes and small lumps of fresh mozzarella. I much prefer meaty slices of heirloom tomatoes and cheese. The freshness of the ingredients was excellent and the dressing was lovely.I had the Chicken Marsala which was very tasty despite what tasted like canned mushrooms. My dining companions had the spaghetti and Chicken Piccata which were equally tasty. Portions were generous and preparation was expert.The restaurant is small and intimate. The decor is bright and modern. The service is quick and friendly. Our waitress made very good suggestions.We all agreed that we would like to eat here again.
3	We had the thin crust Hawaiian pizza and parmesan fries food was great. Good ingredients. The vibe of the restaurant was odd and original. Cross between a wine bar and a family restaurant. Customer service was great.
5	After reading other people's praise of them having the best ravioli, I had to try it.  It is certainly delicious.  I don't usually see ravioli with Alfredo sauce but I generally like it and this one is very good and creamy.  They put a good amount of mushrooms and spinach in it also.  My son liked it very much and killed it off.  I'm not a big eater and almost always have leftovers but not this time.  I couldn't stop eating it so now I feel bloated.  It's a happy full feeling though :-)
3	I had a Groupon and I wanted to try out the place. It's very clean and has a nice atmosphere. The food was really good, but the prices... Not so much. It costs extra if you wanted to have meat or fish with your pastas. I think it was too over priced. We were the only people there, which also made me question the place. But I can see why there were not that many people. If they just lowered the price a bit, it would attract more customers. Overall, the food was great!
5	This restaurant has the nicest and most attentive staff and the food is very good!! Today I had the calamari fra diavolo and my husband had the meatball sandwich. Both were excellent! The calamari is strips of a steak and not the rings, very tender and meaty. The meatballs are excellent and have an amazing flavor. We also had the Cesar's and they came fresh and the dressing is perfect. A++ highly recommend!!!
4	The service has always been spot on here. They treat their customers with a smile and your waiter is basically waiting on you hand and foot.Their food is also quite well. I really enjoy their pizzas, of course, which guy doesn't like pizza!  My favorite part is the soft and chewy crust. Definitely try Twisted Italian! You will not be disappointed. Ps. They also have Groupons which come in handy in a pinch!
5	I had relatively low to no expectations walking in the door and I was completely blown away. Everything was fresh and delicious! The marinara tasted great and my meatball sub was fantastic. Mike was an incredible host and super friendly. Can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome food great service! My new fav Italian restaurant! Yummy homemade sauce, everything we've tried there is awesome!!
1	I am very disappointed in this establishment. The owner refused to accept a guaranteed party of at least 15 people for a birthday celebration coming up in mid-November. Citing his "slippery slope" comment (aren't you tired of that one as I am), it will be a cold day in Peroria before I ever set foot in this restaurant again.  Very poor customer relations there, Mike. If I could rate you no stars, I would.
4	My wife and I were out and about and in need of lunch, but we didn't feel like our normal restaurants. We stopped in to Twisted Italian and were happy to find we really enjoyed the food.  Our waiter, Alex,  was personable and seemed eager to help. He made it feel like we were just hanging out with a guy who really wanted to bring us food and make us happy - rather than a waiter. It was fun and refreshing.We started with the Garlic Parmesan Fries, Pizza Style. Crispy delicious fries covered in pepperoni and melted mozzarella with some marina on the side for dipping. Super tasty - my only complaint was I couldn't stop eating them and grew worried I'd be too full for my entree. My wife had the Mediterranean Pasta. She's a pesto lover and said Twisted's pesto is excellent,  creamy with good flavor. I ordered the Italian Deli Melt sandwich - good meats, good dressing, and a nice toasted roll. I would definitely order this sandwich again, and if I don't it's only because I want to try all their other sandwiches.Good food, good prices, and really friendly and helpful service. Definitely try this restaurant!
5	Love this place, so far all the food is tasty and fresh, the sauce is soooo good never tasted anything like it, it really makes a difference in making the pizza! The place is super clean and the server is always pleasant The ambiance is so alive! Love coming here.
5	Have you ever left a restaurant and couldn't wait to tell others about it?  Well, this just happened to me when I visited the Twisted Italian.  At first glace it looks like a typical little eatery. To my suprise this place was more than that, it was perfect.  Only one table was occupied when we arrived, but the restaurant slowly it began to fill.  I personally sampled: Applewood Smoked Bacon & melted Ricotta Bruschetta, Pasta Picatta with spinach, roma tomato, fresh garlic and herbs,Meatball Pizza with housemade meatballs, melted mozzarella and marinara sauceTiramisuCannoliThe food was so simple and yet it made you just crave another bite.  Everything was amazing, however the meatball pizza stole the show.  Wow yourself with the meatballs and the best marinara suace I have ever had.  Mike the owner was our server.  He was an excellent waiter, of course he knew every thing about his menu, and he was on top of everything. Amazing food, and amazing service.  I did go back the very next weekend and shared the following items: Meatball Sandwich, Meatball Calzone, Pizza Bianco.  Too full for desert.  This is my first review.  I have threatened to write many reviews, however this eatery really earned this one.
5	It was our first time here and we're very welcomed by Marty who served up an amazing lunch and dining experience! A very quaint place with amazing dishes! The meatballs were outstanding!
5	First of all, I would like to thank the staff at Twisted Italian for keeping their children's high chairs clean!!!  I am sick of greasy, nasty, filthy chairs that I need to put my child in.  I use a slip cover but still that's not enough.  So great job there!  The food was fast, hot, delicious!  The salad was cool, crisp, and perfectly dressed.  Thanks for a great dining experience!
