4	I have to say the best part about our visit here was the service.  The food was good as well, I had the BBQ sandwich with fries and drunkin apples.  It was yummy and extremely filling.  The service though was awesome!  We were visiting from CA and our server was extremely attentive even with the place being packed.  We will definitely go back again on our next visit to AZ.  Our family that lives there goes in at least once a month.  I can understand why.  YUMMY and good service!  What more is there?  :)
5	I took my husband to Famous Dave's a couple days ago for a quick dinner since I was in no mood to cook. We always like to sit at the bar instead of a table, mainly because its easy to watch a few sports events and get our order in fast. We quizzed each other on trivia questions from the Trivial Pursuit cards that are sittting on the bar. I took a look at the menu and even though I LOVE their brisket, I was in a ribs mood. I can never eat a half slab, so I got the 4 bone rib meal. Saw they have some new sides, so I decided to try the green beans with potatoes and spicy mac and cheese. My husband ordered the same sides as me and the half slab. Our food came out pretty quick and it was a nice surprise to see they gave me 5 ribs instead of 4 :). The mac and cheese is my absolute fave now. It had pieces of jalapeno in it and gave it a great kick, but not overly spicy. The cheesy mac was creamy and delish. I did like the green beans with red potatoes, though I kinda miss the regular firecracker green beans. Of course, the ribs were so good they fell off the bone. I enjoy the Devil's Spit BBQ sauce, though the ribs were pretty saucy by themselves. I always save the cornbread muffin for "dessert"...though next time I might try to save room for the always scrumptious Bread Pudding, which is to die for.We had a nice meal and I was satisfied with my BBQ fix.
5	All that I can say is get the trash can lid full of food you get all your favorites plus corn fries and slaw.  The Brisket here is awesome!  The ribs are very good! Not as big as shanes BBQ but still good.  The smell alone is enough to make you hungry!  The service is pretty good, drinks are overpriced but that seems to be the new standard nowadays.  The Portion size is huge.  You will be taking some home.  My favorite is the RIb Tips.  You get three times more rib meat and half the price of a rack.  You will not be disappointed.  This place is not for calorie watchers.   The sauces are awesome too.
5	Famous Dave's is orgasmic BBQ.  I've never been too keen on BBQ just for the reason that it is always so freakin messy.  I don't like getting messy while I eat, because despite what your server thinks, the tiny little "wet nap" doesn't really do the trick.Get the brisket platter with the cole slaw and the wilbur beans.  That is the best combination of food here.  I always use the Sweet & Sassy bbq sauce and my taste buds are translated directly to heaven.  All their other food is good too, I have never once been dissatisfied, but the brisket is the best.  I love how they leave like 6 different sauces at your table so you can play with them and mix and match.  It's totally the way to go.Service has never been disappointing here.  They all know how to do their job well here, even when the place is jam packed, and it will be at dinner time.  If you want to get a real gut-busting meal that tastes delicious, go to Famous Dave's and hopefully you will have a food experience as mind blowing as mine always is.
4	Went here for lunch yesterday and it was so good I am still thinking about it. I had the grilled shrimp and St. Louis ribs and they were excellent. The wait staff were very warm and friendly and the manager stopped by our table to make sure everything was okay. The shrimp was very tasty while the ribs were out of this world. The garlic mashed potatoes were good along with the corn on the cob. My iced tea was very crisp and refreshing. My fellow guests loved their food. I even had enough to take home.  All of this for a decent price. I left very happy.
3	For a chain, Famous Dave's is pretty good. I'm so anti chain that i would never have gone here..... but we needed something close, and we wanted to terrorize my friend's son who was there working there at the time. There is joy in teasing teenage children, even if they aren't your own... so I went. They serve meat, meat and more meat.... with some potatoes and a hunk of corn. Seriously... you get a trashcan lid full of brisket, ribs, chicken parts and a couple of sides... I like the cole slaw and the french fries, but i have heard that they have great mashed potatoes. Prices are cheap for the quantity, and the quality is good. I've been there 3 times now and i always end up taking some home.. For a chain, this place is pretty good.
4	Always reliable BBQ. I had the St. Louis rib and Brisket combo, next time i'll stick with the ribs. Brisket was a let down but the ribs made up for it. Sides are plentiful and delicious. My wife had the georgia pork which was great. We will definitely go back.
5	I drive from North Phoenix/Scottsdale just to get my Famous Daves BBQ fix. Sad, yes but they make some hella good BBQ. The ribs are tender and juicy, the baked beans, the mashed tators, and the green beans are so good, they make you wanna smack yo momma. Well maybe not that good, but darn near close enough. Oh and don't forget about the the cornbread muffins. Always warm and yummy. See now I need my BBQ fix once again. Seriously though, I really do enjoy their food and their Devil's Spit BBQ sauce is on point! Make sure to try a skewer of shrimp or the BBQ wings. YUMMO!
5	All I can say is DELISIOSO!  I had the lunch special of St. Louis Style Ribs, Wilbur Beans, Corn on the Cob, and a Cornbread Muffin.  The ribs were definitely finger licking good as they melted in my mouth.  The beans were savory and the cornbread had a sweetness to top off the perfect lunch/dinner (would that be considered linner?)Anyhow, if you like BBQ and have never ate at Famous Dave's, you do not know what you are missing!
2	Went here Saturday night with my hubby, nothing special about this place.  We were looking for a casual sit down place to have a late lunch/dinner.  We remember seeing this places BBQ sauce in stores, so thought they might have some tasty food.  We got there and we had to wait ten minutes to be seated in the bar.  They had some flat screen TVs to watch but the place was super noisy... we could hardly talk to each other even sitting in the same booth.  We both ordered different dishes... I ordered the catfish with some fries and a side of beans.  My husband got the two meat combo, which he got the brisket and something else, they kinda tasted the same though.  We got our food and it was pretty bland, I guess that's why they have like 5 or 6 different BBQ sauces located on the table for you.  We tasted all of them and wasn't impressed.  The Devil's spit that was supposed to be the hottest one was mild, weird...   My fried catfish had a soggy crust on the outside, but the side of beans were pretty good.  We probally won't come back, due to no flavor... it didn't work for me...
5	DO NOT LET THE FACT THAT THIS IS PART OF A CHAIN CONFUSE YOU! This is the FINEST BBQ you will ever have. Several kinds of BBQ sauce, you will find what you like here. The pork is tender, juicy and well flavored. There is actually a crust on it from the rub! The tri tip, beyond yummy! THE CORNBREAD IS DONE RIGHT!!! Soft, not too sweet, but moist and wonderful with butter or slapping a piece of meat on top and slathering with sauce. YES I SAID SLATHERING! Mac and cheese is great. 2 things they don't mention about it, it has corn (Love it) and jalapenos (not so much of a fan, but it's not inedible). Drunken Apples rock, beans with chunks of bacon rock, the corn is respectable (I grew up in a town that had a fair every year at harvest time, I know corn people). Drinks, pear martini -  a bit bitter, not a fan, LOVE LOVE LOVE the Sweet mama though. Well done, not bitter and goes down a little too smooth (Either sip slowly for a long time with a lot of food or have a DD, this is a BIG drink).My bottom line, the best BBQ I've ever had, and I've had a lot in my life. Start to finish, the only complaint was the martini. Hubby and I ate, I had 2 drinks, he had 1 beer. I had pork, apples, mac and cheese and cornbread. He had chicken and tri tip, baked beans, french fries, and cornbread... $53!!! OMG!
4	Chopped pork so good. The cornbread is also very good. The garlic mashed potatoes are outstanding. The corn on the cob is ok. The brisket is tender but a bit too smokey and dry for me. The ribs are very good.The atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired. First it is a little too busy for my taste. The booths are too small. I am not a small guy but I am not huge either and I barely fit at all. I would stay away from the twisted tea it is not good. The special drinks look quite tasty but I have not indulged. The soda is properly carbonated and tasty.The service was prompt and friendly.It is a chain and I would not go here expecting to have the best BBQ you have ever eaten but it is upper middle class quality.
4	Who cares if this is a chain, its a damn good chain!Famous Dave's has never failed me when I craved some BBQ. Lots of fun family feasts take place here where we order these large platters that have EVERYTHING on it. Ribs, brisket, pulled pork, ribs, chicken, beans, slaw, corn, cornbread and piles of potato wedges. OMG... I'm about to go into a food coma just thinking about all the food. The portions are generous and fed everyone with leftovers. The smoked salmon spread is a must-try. I have to have it every time! Also great drink specials too. I think we had some fruity margs for $4 last time. Great fun, great food and great service too!
5	I would like to start this review by saying that I WAS never a real big fan of sweet BBQ sauce. That is more of a cultural thing though. I was just never exposed to it. That said, I was not too excited when co-workers chose this place for dinner one night. Let me say that this place is sooo good I ended up BUYING BBQ sauce to take home with me. They come in different levels of HOT! My favorite is the Devil's Spit which seems to just get hotter the more you eat. I have come back here multiple time and I may have possibly tried everything on their menu. I LOVE their ribs... I am a fan of the corn bread and the mashed potatoes are good too. Other things that are good are the brisket and pulled pork. I wait-staff is attentive and they were really helpful in explaining each sauce. It gets crowded so don't plan on having a quiet evening if you come here.
3	Dave's has a good BBQ sauce and reminds me very much of KC style BBQ and side's.  I have eaten here a few times and found that the portion sizes are immense!  Service has always been efficient and no reason to complain about anything.  I think this BBQ place would be the best option for a large group.Is this the best BBQ in the world?  No, but I sure wouldn't turn it down!Enjoy!
4	Who honestly doesn't like BBQ?  Anyways, the BBQ chicken was excellent.  It felt like we got a lot of food for our money.  The side dish choices were good as well.  We got the buffalo wings as an appetizer and they were kind of mild (and I am not that great with spicy things so for me, saying something is mild is a lot!), but it still tasted good.  Our waiter was a nice guy.  He helped us out in showing us the tshirts for sale so my boyfriend could buy one.  We enjoyed ourselves immensely.
3	We used to go here a lot...until they took the smoked ham off their menu!!! The waitress told us that not many people liked it, but every time I was there, people were eating it. The smoked ham was our family's favorite, so we haven't been back since- bring back the ham!!!
3	Located right next door to the sports complex, the service was acceptable, the place was clean, and the food was tasty. The prices are kind of high, but for a chain, it was okay, there are netter places to eat in Peoria, but the location here is hard to beat when your going to baseball.
4	12 of us had lunch there. For a chain, it is not too bad. The meats are tender, you can pick your own sauces from the table, the cornbread is yummy! I had the STL ribs and pork brisket served with cornbread and mac & cheese. I do not know (OK, I did not read) that the mac & cheese has jalapeno peppers. My husband was sweet and trade his fries with me... Yes, I am a wimp when it comes to anything with temperature. Everything was good... The service was good... The food was not mouth water or jaw dropping GOOD! So 4 stars...
4	Good  food, but.....There can't be 4 oz of meat on the Texas Manhandler for $9.00...The Great American meal looks must better in the picture than on the plate...The place is so noisy with all the help sliding chairs around and slamming tables together you have a headache by the time you leave...
5	famous dave's has always been really good.  i've been to the location in chandler and also in peoria and in both places, the service was good and the food comes  out QUICK.  i have my standard full rack of baby backs every time i go in.  i  love love love the variety of sauces.  they are all great and i can vary depending on my mood (although i usually like  to mix  the  devil's spit and the sweet and zesty).  the ribs are always fall-off the bone tender.  on our last visit i finally decided to try something besides ribs (okay, i got the combo so i still got my baby backs) and i got the brisket.  i felt safe since i was getting the combo.  too many times i have had brisket that's just too tough or  drowned in sauce to cover up the dryness.  i was in for quite a treat.   the brisket was in nice thick strips and it  literally melted in my mouth.  i don't think i had to chew them at all.  service was outstanding.  i like that even though it was busy and it's  super easy to turn tables easy i didn't feel rushed to get out.
3	The food was good.  I enjoyed their sides and cornbread and thought the ribs were decent but not the best I ever had.  The staff was great and we even got a complimentary bottle of their famous sauce for being a firstime guest.  That was definitely very thoughtful and I would go again for the great service and food.
5	Wow- what a choice.  We each selected the two meat lunch platter.  Between us we sampled Georgia chopped pork, pork spareribs, and roasted chicken.   The pork spareribs were our favorite.  Five sauces to choose from range from the original to Devil's Spit (hottest) to Georgia Mustard/Vinegar (my favorite)  Interesting items on dinner menu include platters for 2 for $19.95 and a slider platter featuring their various meats.  If you go, be sure to try the Georgia Mustard sauce.  It's a blend of vinegar and mustard and reminded me of my 2-week visit to Raleigh-Durham.
5	Lot's of choices on sauce. My wife who absolutely hates BBQ will not step foot in this place. When I bring home the spare rib and tri tip combo she locks herself away in the bedroom. But the day I brought home babyback ribs instead she seemed intrigued enough to try them out. After eating half my slab she changed her mind about BBQ. Awesome portions, great price, great food. The one in Tempe off Dobson is just as good too.
5	I experienced Famous Daves BBQ late one after work. A co-worker and I stopped by during the last half hour and he promised the food was amazing: he wasn't kinding!We had a sampler with BBQ sandwiches, but before we got our food the waitress gave a little tutorial on all their famous sauces in a cool little presentation (that we got to taste of course). My favorite sauce: rich and sassy! The best part about Famous Daves is that you can buy the sauces to take home. And, be sure to check out your WalMart because they might even have the famous sauce for sale. :) All around Famous Daves is great! And its a national chain, so you can find them all over the country.
3	Been here a few times, not sure what is up with the servers here. Seem very inattentive. Different one each time too. Weird.Anyway, great beer, cheap beer, great happy hour. That's the only reason I go.
4	Ive reviewed the location in Chandler and this one feels the exact same. Love love love Famous Dave's.Im not a big fan of their sides, but their corn, corn bread and ribs are the best Ive ever had.  In fact, I think Id rather replace two sides with two more ears of corn.. lol.  Wonder if I can do that.Great service and we were seated quickly :)
5	What can I say? Famous Dave's is my favorite BBQ place in Az! My wife son and I where there the other day and we got the All-American BBQ Feast half size only like $33.00. It feed all 3 of us and we took home leftovers for the next day!  Freaking sause... Their sause is so good! I was putting a bottle of the Sweet and Zesty in my wifes purse and got cought. The nice Waitress (Alicia) then reminded me that I could purchase a bottle for only $3.50 more!  Cha-ching and I dont have to go to jail for stealing BBQ sause. Although it would have been worth it! St. Louis-style spareribs, Chicken, Georgia chopped pork (or Texas beef brisket which you can add for a few $$$ more) , Corn Bread, Corn on the cob, Beans, coleslaw, and Sause!  What a day.... what a day!!!!
5	I went with my sister 2 days ago. It was my first time eating Famous Dave's. I got a hamburger and got some mac & cheese. They were both okay, I tasted better. Now the hot wings & onion rings were better. the place was packed we sat outside.
5	Best Barbeque in the West Valley.  For take out or dine in it can't be beat.  I just ordered 10 lbs  for an outdoor party .  I called 30 minutes ahead and they had my order ready and waiting when I arrived.Being from the south I know good BBQ and this is the closest I had since moving to AZ.  It's much better than Old El Paso BBQ.They also have really good shrimp!
5	We chose Famous Dave's to cater our out door wedding reception just a few weeks ago. It was great! The BBQ was excellent and the staff that served our guests were wonderful. We highly recommend them if you want great BBQ! Thanks again.
4	My family always orders the XXL rib platter and it never fails to fill us up properly. It comes with celery and carrot sticks, corn on the cob, a corn muffin, and your choice of two sides. For under thirty bucks, it's a pretty good deal. We always get sauce on the side and they are always generous with providing more than necessary. The meat itself is never tough. It is always tender with a nice smoky flavor to it.
4	Consistant...Good chain BBQ
5	Best Bar B Que in the state of Arizona and Texas....The pulled chicken is moist, juicy, tender, delicious. The ribs are seasoned, smoked and not boiled ala PAPAS BOIL B QUE IN TEXAS.  The smoked dip served with Pita is excellent try the stuffed potatoes and baked beans you'll be in love. Dickies and Papas in Texas take some advice go to Famous Daves and ask them to teach you how to cook.
4	After many pleas to try  Famous Dave's I finally caved in (sorry but I'm not really a BBQ type of girl). I was pleasantly surprised. We walked in and it look really busy but we were seated right away, so that was really nice. I ordered their bleu cheese burger and it was probably the best bleu I've had! Their wings were pretty good and I loved the different sauces they had at the table - Devil's Spit was my favorite! It was a little tangy, sweet, and spicy with just enough kick. Our server and the staff were very nice so that just added to our positive experience. The next time I come back I'll definitely try some of the BBQ.
4	Really is the best franchise BBQ in my opinion, I can drink the stuff.  The service is always great and the atmosphere is very upper end casual.  I noticed today that they have a 600 calorie menu but none of their BBQ is on it so whats the point.  The ribs are good except the small bones you find in the pork ones.  All the sides are good and they have great drinks as well.  I recommend coming for lunch to save some money and still enjoy a great BBQ meal.
5	Best ribs in Arizona (besides my own)!!
4	The meat had a great smokey flavor and the the sides were solid. Good service and reasonable prices as well.
4	This place is pretty darn good, if your into bbq. My husband ordered a burger with bacon, brisket and cheese, this was very tasty! I ordered the bbq chicken salad, room for improvement here. It was plenty big, but lacked in significant flavor. Mostly lettuce, a small amount of corn, almost nothing else to speak of.  The reason I gave it four stars is because of the burger and fries that were pretty awesome.  I guess it's just not a place for salads.  The customer service was great as well. They were training a new girl, but she had a wonderful attitude.
4	Lots of places claim that they serve big portions at reasonable prices.  Well, they must use a strange meaning of the word "Big" that I am not aware of, as the portions are not usually that big.  However, here at Dave's they certainly were not kidding.  We ordered the feast for two, but it easily could have been a feast for three or four.    I would be wary of ordering the feast for four, as I don't think my car would be big enough to carry the left-overs home! Okay, so that is an exaggeration, but they do serve plenty for very reasonable prices.  And it was DELICIOUS as well.  I am not a fan of messy barbecue sauce smothered over pieces of meat, but DAVE'S sauce is the best I have tasted in a long time. They have four varieties, and they give you a plate of chips to test them all out to pick out your favorite.  The Texas style was my favorite.  the service was fast and friendly, and the server was very knowledgeable about the sauces.  I don't often return to BBQ places, because, like I said, I am not a big BBQ fan, but Dave's is definitely on the list of places to return to.
5	Ive only been here 3 times now, but will keep coming back!  Havent had anything bad yet, the corn bread is great, the BBQ is awesome!
3	Consistent food, nice family atmosphere and spicy pickles.  What more could you want?
4	I treated my Mother-in-law to a Mother's day dinner here.  We were told it would be an hour wait, but braved it anyway, and it only ended up being 15 mins. Our waitress was very attentive and nice.  I ordered the St. Louis ribs and chopped pork.  The ribs were very good, the chopped pork was ok. The fries are supper yummy, the pickles and pickeled onions are also.  I think the sauces are pretty good.  My Mommy-in-law had the rib tips, and other than being more fatty than I like, they had a good flavor.  Overall, I like Famous Daves, it is consistent and it is good.
2	I don't really understand what the big deal is with this place. It's not as great as everyone makes it seem. I'm just not a fan. The food isn't as flavorful as BBQ should be. I don't know if it's just because I have high expectations because I've had some amazing BBQ from back east...or what the deal is. This place just doesn't do it for me. And I've even given it about 3 chances and each time I wasn't impressed. Sorry Dave :( :(
1	The wife and I used to frequent the SanTan location often, when we lived in Mesa. We always had great service, and the place was always clean.However, after moving to to the N. Phx area we tried this location, as it was the nearest.We were in for a shock, it was a completely different experience.We were seated fairly quick, and immediately noticed that the BBQ sauce assortment looked as it had not been cleaned in years. Every one of the containers had crusty discolored sauce caked on the tips. It was disgusting, but since we don't eat the sauces we were willing to overlook that.The table was not clean, it had obviously gotten the two second wipe down. This is unacceptable at a BBQ place where most food is messy.So, the food. I can't comment on this as we were never served, or even waited on.We sat in our booth for a solid 10-15 minutes watching several of the wait staff walk by us, look at us, and do nothing.The most annoying part were the seaters. They had 3-4 seaters huddled around the little podium, and one (the tall/larger one) kept looking at us. It was obvious she knew what was going on. Other tables around us even noticed we had not been waited on. None of the seaters bothered to do anything. There was no manager in sight either.We got up, and proceeded to the door, when the taller seater woman blurts out "Leaving Already?"I turned and said "We have been waiting for 15 minutes, and have not even seen a waitress." She kinda gave a "whatever" look and said "Have a great day!"So, after frequenting the SanTan location and receiving nothing but great service and a clean place to eat, we are NOT going back to the Peoria location. We drove ~10 miles to get there, and had to take our money elsewhere because they couldn't be bothered to serve us. We frequent places we like, and get good service. We eat out nearly every night as we both have busy careers and don't like to cook. Famous Daves Peoria lost out on "regular" customers, and we will not recommend them to any of our co-workers, or friends.
5	Can't go wrong with Famous Dave's BBQ. We always go and get the feast for two. There's always a lot of leftovers and the food is perfect
4	Great food and a friendly and helpful staff!  This is our favorite moderately-priced place to go on a date night!  Try the baby back ribs and jalepeno mac 'n cheese!  Highly recommended!
5	I can describe Famous Dave's in one word.....  Indescribable, unbelievable, and undeniably incredible.  This is no joke, but one time I was swimming in the Pacific Ocean and I thought I saw a shark and got completely freaked out because a good friend told me that there was a fence built under the water to keep them away, which I guess sounds silly now, but she was very confident and it certainly kept my fears at bay.  Anyways, I died for a few minutes, and when I got into Heaven it was actually a Famous Dave's run by all four Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and a dog we had growing up that ran away called Licorice...  Actually that is not a true story but it's the only way to adequately describe my feelings for this place.  I know it sounds like I'm just talking a lot of S word, but they give you a lot of reasons to have loving feelings.  I always like at Mexican Food restaurants when they bring out Chips and Salsa, and FD's sets itself apart by being a Barbecue Joint that gives you in the beginning a bowl of these weird, delicious chips that you can dip in all the different barbecue sauces to try them out.  It's pretty awesome.  They also have Pepsi, which overjoys me to no end.  Like that old Fairy Tale says, "Girls are sexy, made out of Pepsi."  And that's 99% true.And don't even get me started on the food...  Okay, I'm going to start anyways.  It's consistently amazing, and always super quick and hot and outrageously delicious.  Just close your eyes and point at something and get that, it will be perfect.  I don't know if it's conceited to make recommendations, but I have very strong feelings for the Country Roasted Chicken, it's got just a hint of a lemony flavor that is very enjoyable.  And the Corn Muffins are borderline to die for.  The people there are also very wonderful.  They have always been so personable and welcoming and super accommodating.  My only complaint is that it's like eight miles away, which isn't really a complaint at all.  So that is that, this review has gone on for far too long, but if you are reading this and are on the fence on where to go to get a bite to eat, just stop looking, and go to Famous David's, which is what my friends call it sometimes, no big deal.  On a semi related note, I probably should have prefaced this whole thing by saying I've been there like fifty times, maybe more.  I don't know what I'm talking about pretty much all the time, but I do know that these words are all completely true.  Thank you for reading, and stay excellent.
5	If you are lucky enough to get the new girl, Brigitte, you are in for a treat. She is the best waitress in the whole place, and probably any restaurant, anywhere.The food doesn't need a review, everyone already knows its the best BBQ in Phoenix. Bring a few friends and split a garbage pail!
3	I used to like Famous Dave's a lot more than I do now, but it's still an alright place. I think I am done ordering the burger here, because it is not very good. Their BBQ has been pretty decent though and their service is usually up to par, which makes a difference.It's not a place that I am overly excited to keep coming back to, but I am sure I will be back someday to see if they can impress me yet.
5	This place is great! Never had a problem with the staff and food quality! They staff always are on their "A" game!Love the Georgia chopped pork!!!
4	We always!! get a great meal and great service! Totally about customer service.
4	Great food at reasonable prices. Ordered the big slab of 12 ribs (pork) with sides $28.00 total. Ribs were large and meaty, great tasting, nice charcoal/grill/smoke flavor, just the right amount of spice and sweetness, tender and moist. Dave's sauces are great. Devil's Spit is nice n hot but doesn't make you cry and is robustly flavorful. Sassy is mild and has great flavor. Sides: Wilbur's Beans are fantastic. Firm beans in a rich flavorful sauce with bits of meat and sausage. Fries are crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Usually don't like steak fries, but these are a stand-out....everything a good fry should be! Corn muffins are first rate..moist and flavorful (not crumbly or dry). Potato salad is just OK, would be better if not for so many onions which are not diced but chopped. One small bite and I had six pieces of onion and overall salad is a just a bit watery ( I prefer a nice, tight potato salad). Service is outstanding. We were parked outside in the get-it-to -go section and a waitress came right out and offered to take our order. When we explained we were still deciding, she offered to come back and did in about 5 minutes. She came back out with out order in another 10 minutes (very fast!) and was very helpful, cheerful and eager to help. Food was freshly prepared, packaged great and hot. Overall a great experience which I would definitely repeat. Have to try the rest of the extensive menu which includes chicken, brisket, sausage, tri-tip and many other sides and options. Kids portions available as well.
4	Tried the pulled pork and tips this time...mouthwateringly great. The Wilbur beans are always a treat and the best corn muffins I ever had..coast to coast..no exceptions. Eat your heart out Texas! AZ Famous Dave's is where it happens!UPDATE: Not anymore..see current review for 7/10/2013
5	Great ribs!!! Try the bread pudding:)
3	Well, usually I have a good experience here. Maybe this time it was just an off day or under a new manager?Our meal started of waiting 40 minutes for our food. Tables next to us who sat down after us were eating already. Our server never addressed our long wait until we stopped her and asked. We actually asked another server about our food first. When our server returned from checking on our food, she told us the manager was checking on our food. Wait. Isn't that what she did? She was also quite annoying delivering drinks and items to the table with weird presentation "sounds." Quite odd unless you're at Chucky Cheese.5 minutes later the manager brought our food with only a "here you go." No explanation, no apology, no offer of compensation. Obviously manager in name only. The food was warm so was easy to see it had been sitting awhile. One of the items that was brought out was corn on the cob. No butter. Had to flag someone down for that too. Shouldn't that be a mandatory item you bring to the table ESPECIALLY with corn on the cob? When done with our meal we asked for boxes which were brought with a bag. We boxed up the items and set them on top of the bag for the time being. Our server asked me if I'd like her to put the boxes in the bag. I said no thanks I have it. When I next looked, the bag was gone. Note to server, if you want to know if I want the bag, ask that question, not another question.I might go again, but certainly this experience was nothing to expedite another trip.
1	I want to thank Mike (Manager) at Famous Dave's at the Peoria Arizona location. I was part of a large group we have had our local dive club meeting there for the last 5-6 months. Mike was so nice as to tell us that he didn't need our business and we could go elsewhere to have our meeting! We found a great place called the "Salty Senorita" awesome place! Thanks to Jordan and her crew!! We had a great meeting.. Thanks again to Mike
3	Took our friends here at the husband's request - it was his birthday. First time for my husband and me. While we usually don't go out for BBQ much, I have to say, the flavor was very good compared to a handful of other popular BBQ restaurants that we've been to. As another reviewer stated, there are about 5 different BBQ sauces available, on your table in a condiment caddy. Our friend talked up the place, as he has been a few times. There was a plate on the table. He told us the waiter will give us homemade BBQ chips, and then squeeze out the different sauces and explain how each one differs from the others as we dip our chips into them. We thought that would be cool. Waiter was nice enough, at least he smiled as he took our drink and food orders. Aside from that, the service was subpar. There were 4 of us. 2 waters, 1 Pepsi, 1 Mr. Pibb. He forgot who had the waters - he had to ask. Okay, I'll give him that one. He arrived with the homemade chips. Then he left. Our friend said, "Hey, he didn't show us the sauces." So our friend does his own little demonstration for us. The sauces all had good flavor and the chips were very tasty. Hubby and I order a Feast for One to share. Waiter says he will bring an extra plate. Our friends are half-way through their meals until he comes back and asks if we're okay. We ask for our plate. "Oh yeah, I completely forgot" he says. He does not notice we need a refill on the sodas. We ask for refills, telling him what we originally had. He comes back and tells us he doesn't know which is which, so "you'll just have to taste them and see."  Our friend had a birthday coupon which he presented prior to ordering. Waiter said, "Hey, Happy Birthday, man." That was the last comment made about his birthday. At most restaurants I've been to, they at least acknowledge the birthday somehow, even if it's to thank the person for spending their birthday at their establishment. Can you tell I value good service? You bet! Alright, here's the review of what hubby and I ordered, the Feast for One:GoodPortions. We were both full, and I still brought home something for the dog.Chopped pork was excellent! Very tender, very good flavor.Wilbur beans yummyColeslaw good, sweetCorn on the cob tender, sweet, not overcooked Famous fries very goodCorn muffin was a treat, very sweet and denseDisappointingSt. Louis spareribs. I went to separate the bones with my fork, but couldn't get my fork into it. Good flavor if I just wanted to lick it. Hubby gnawed on it a little for the flavor. I'm sure our dog will love it.BBQ chicken. Can you say DRRRRYYYYY? I will debone that and give it to the dog as well.Quick, someone hand me my water, or was it a Pepsi? or a Mr. Pibb? Would I ever go back? Probably, for the chopped pork and corn muffin, and hope we get a better server.
5	The food was great, and service was even better.  Place gets packed so there tends to be a line.  But well worth it
1	I used to LOVE Dave's (see previous 4 star reviews from earlier this year) but something changed. The last few times I've gone there the food is not as good as it used to be and the service is slipping as well. Turnover in help? Change in management? Just another got-too-big-for-our-britches story? Your guess is as good as mine..First it was the meat, instead of being hot and fresh, tender and juicy, it was warm and dried out, as if it had been left under a heat lamp or reheated in a microwave. The baby back ribs used to be fat and meaty, lately they are lean and fatty/tough. Then the service started to be less than friendly and careless, twice I received the wrong order and had to return to get it fixed.The last time I went there, figuring I'd give it another try as everyone has "off" days, was the final straw. The meat was dried out and stringy, the Wilbur's beans were soured (gone bad, gone over, whatever)..as if they had been not refrigerated and stored properly and reheated many times over. I was sick from eating just two bites. The coleslaw was full of tough inedible cabbage stalk pieces (either someone just doesn't care or they are really cutting costs) and an overabundance of jalapeno peppers which overwhelmed the usually sweet/hot balance of the slaw.Having a bad day is one thing, bad food that makes people sick is entirely a different animal and is indicative of a more serious issue going on at the restaurant. There is absolutely NO excuse for food improperly stored or cooked that is full of bacteria.Famous Dave...PLEASE WAKE UP AND FIX YOUR PROCESS before it's too late!!!
5	Awesome place. Never been disappointed.
2	Louder than necessary. OK so here is a truthful review. Coleslaw 7 out of 10. Mac and Cheese 6 out of 10 Baby Backs and St. Louis  Ribs 4.5 out of 10. I had never been to a Famous Dave's before. I wasn't missing much. Just had higher expectations. Ribs were snappy rather than tender.  Service was EXTREMELY RUSHED...hurry up and leave I have to turn my tables to make money ya know ......Oh well I tried it and was disappointed.
4	Pretty darn good for a chain BBQ joint. I recommend the rib tips with the georgia style sauce. You will need lots of napkins!
4	Famous Dave's has been one of the best BBQ restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Their burnt ends are to die for! The only problem I had was that the restaurant was pretty loud but other than that the food was great and the service was great. I will definitely be back!
3	I've eaten Dave's in the past but this was my first time at this location. It's always a bit busy which is no issue, since they are pretty good BBQ place. There was a bit of an issue that day I came to this location though. I had "reserved" my place with the hostess up at the front and she informed me it would be a 30 minute wait. Ok, cool. That was fine with us. We waited out in the "lobby" area for about 5 minutes and we decided we would get some drinks at the bar while we waited for our name to be called. We had told the hostesses of our plans and they understood so we went got out drinks and waited some more. We noticed that people that were the same size of party as us that arrived later were being called back. So we went up to the front just to check on things. Apparently the hostesses got the idea to CROSS OUR NAMES OFF THE LIST because we to the bar area to wait. I didn't get that assumption because I was watching them come back to the bar area numerous times calling for people's parties before they went outside the building to see if they were out there. Other than that the food was good, as it always is.
2	fyi . . .This review is for take-out meals.We ordered three meals . . . not going to comment on the sides, as everyone liked the sides and they seemed to be fairly normal portions.Georgia Chopped Pork Platter - very good flavor . . . VERY small portionFirecracker Green BeansPineapple Steaks (which are NOT listed as a side on the 'order on line' feature, so I had to call them, to order.County-Roasted Chicken Platter (half-chicken) - Good flavor, portion size is a little bigger than half a Cornish game hen.Mashed PotatoesBroccoliSt. Louis-Style Ribs (half slab) - these were excellent.  fall off the bone. and had good flavor; however, the description says "...slathered with sauce and flame-kissed to seal in the flavor and caramelize the sauce for a touch of crispiness"   . . . they had no sauce on them at all.Famous FriesWilbur BeansIt cost around $47 for three people.Would I order take out from them again?  Probably not.  Wouldn't mind the price, if the meat portions weren't so skimpy.
2	Really good food but don't come at night, say 8p. Service was terrible, our waitress forgot to put our order in and was more concerned with the people (friends) at the bar than her other customers. Management was no help at all didn't comp anything and for $52 dollars for two, not worth the time. Maybe take out or got early.
5	Great food here:  the Ultimate Burger which we got just for signing up as a member here so it was free and bought 1/2 slab ribs (the country rib type that has more meat).  Just fantastic!The waitress even brought some of those homemade chips over so we could try their 5 types of sauces before the food came which was appreciated. We liked the Mustard sauce so well we bought a bottle.The sides were good, too:  mac/cheese, potato salad and cole slaw.  The cornbread they serve with the ribs...again, excellent.I can honestly say we didn't have one complaint about the food:  all expertly prepared and just wonderful!As for the waitress, she was tops!  She even gave us big cups with lids, straws and a lemon for me (I drink water) when we left.  She gave us such fantastic service we left a 30% tip!  That should tell you something.Will we go back?  You bet your sweet ribs we will...I LOVE this place!!!
3	Happy Hour at the bar is finger lickin' good and cheap.  Four of was went and probably spent around $50 dollars for everything.  We ordered pork rib tips, a little dry but still good.  The nachos has bbq sauce on it, that was interesting.  The onion rings was a smaller amount than I thought it would be but were crispy and not too salty. You do have to sit in the bar area for happy hour, that's the only kicker besides trying some of Famous Dave's sauces. Delicious!
4	Great chain BBQ.I have been several times.This location is clean and the staff friendly. The food came out hot and the drinks were kept full.I had no complaints.I feel their prices are not bad for the amount of food you get.
5	Best BBQ in town. The feast for two is amazing tons of good food. The pulled pork and ribs are moist and the devil spit sauce is super tasty. Even the corn muffins and beans are extra good. Kind of noisy inside but there is a. Ice patio. Highly recommend.
1	This review has nothing to do with the food. We have eaten at Famous Dave's in the past and was very pleased. However, we stopped by for lunch and had our dog with us. I politely asked the Hostess if the patio was dog friendly for a well trained dog. She asked the bartender who said no....only Service Dogs. The patio is huge and no one was out there. I think this is the first patio at a restaurant that we have been denied and IS NOT DOG FRIENDLY. For that, Famous Dave's, you get 1 star. Red Robin across the street gladly accommodated us.
3	Came with a group and had a great lunch. Lots of food and I'm stuffed. I ordered the manhandler aka chopped pork and sausage. Good sandwich but in my mind I had something else planned I guess. Service was great and food was timely. I will come back but will try a different sandwich.  Ps change the name of the sandwich.
4	We used to go quite often to Famous Dave's with the family. Everyone enjoyed the meals. We had not been for a couple of years. Maybe we just got burned out on BQ. It was early and my wife and I were looking for a place to eat. We were passing by Dave's and decided we needed to stop for BQ. IF you have not been to Dave's the place is decorated with old antiques and posters, signs pictures of BQ places around the US. There is outside seating and this is a great option this time of year. The staff is always or has always been very friendly and accommodating. What a great choice. The secret is getting there before and ordering before 4:30. I got the rib tips and brisket. My wife just got the pulled pork. There was enough food on my plate for three people. (if you had already feasted on the seasoned homemade potato chips). The total for both our meals was under $18.00 and both of us took home enough food for a meal. I ate mine for lunch for the next two days. Put in on a tortilla with some cheese, one min, in the microwave and lunch. Now if I could just get the rest of the family to eat early. Some times being retired has it perks. Enjoy good food. Go see Dave.
1	Ok I have given this place 3 try's. And it doesn't matter if you eat in or curbside. It's hit or miss. Guess it just depends on who plates your order. I ordered rib tips  curbside. What I got were doggie treats. So tough they can't be called rib tips. I had complained before because I got a bunch of bones and  manager gave me a 10$ gift card. My meal was more than that. Only went back because on BBQ restaurant around but no more I'm done. And I'm going in today for a refund !
4	I simply love this place. I am someone who hates bar b que sauce. I know, I know.. wtf right? Thing is, if I am going to eat sweet anything on meat it better be Chinese food. But this place does it right - not too sweet, not too salty, just right. ALL of their sauces are on point. I usually order the St. Louis style ribs every time and I have never been disappointed. The pulled pork is excellent as well. The rotisserie chicken has come out a little dry every time I've ordered it but nothing a little bit of the Rich and Sassy or Devils Spit sauce couldn't cure. Love the corn bread muffins too. I always order an extra one :) If you're in the mood for ribs this is the place to go. I eat here about once every two weeks to get my rib fix.*Also, they honor our veterans and active duty military guys and gals on veterans day with a free meal.
5	Food, service, and cost are perfect.
4	I've gone here many a times and Famous Dave's never disappoints! Service is quick and the beers are good.The beau and I usually split a rack of ribs and sides. Usually it's big enough so we're happily full and we still have leftovers for tomorrow's lunch.Their sauces are like crack. My favorite is Devil's Spit. I even bought a bottle to take home. I recommend Famous Dave's any time you want a chill night out or some good ol' BBQ.
4	Finally had a chance to try Famous Dave's. Place just opened, picked any seat I wanted. Served my drink really fast. And took my order. Now for some weird reason, I have been on a ribs fest? When I was younger I loved them, and for some reason I stopped eating ribs for the longest time? But since we moved to the Valley, It's been on! Famous Dave's has three different style ribs. Their famous St Louis ribs, Chicago Style, and Memphis Style. Wasn't sure which one I wanted to try. So I ended up getting a half of slab of the St. Louis and Memphis. St Louis Ribs were great, I will continue to come back just for these ribs! No wonder why they are their award winning ribs. Memphis Style ribs were OK, not my cup of tea. I have had better, but this wasn't real bad.Next time I will try their Chicago Style. Ribs come with a selected side dishes. I had their beans and fries. Over all I had a very positive experience, service was very good, and the food were very good.
4	Been here a few times with friends. This is a fantastic spot for pulled pork, barbeque, and ribs. It's priced pretty well and the service and quality has improved a lot since 2010. They are also good with the sauce varieties and bring out chips to get you going. Also appreciate the towels on the table for the messy eaters.Keep it up !
4	The barbecue was good but not great. They do have a nice selection of barbecue sauces. The complimentary kettle chips were a nice touch. On the plus side, the food came lightning fast.
2	This review is for March 2, 2014, 5 PM.  When I approached the hostess desk, the hostess stood there looking down, doing something.  She didn't acknowledge me for a full minute and finally looked up and asked how many without any other conversation.  She finally asked my name.  I had to ask her about how long the wait would be.  She didn't have much of a personality for a hostess.When we were seated, it was to a table that desperately needed wiping down.  I had to flag someone down and he quickly came back with a wet cloth.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful.  The food was not up to par.  Three of us ordered ribs.  One order was dry and hard.  The other two orders were dry, but not hard.  The brisket was also dry.I am very disappointed with this visit.  There are lots of other BBQ establishments to try and I think we will.
4	Since I was headed to Phoenix for Dodgers Spring Training, one of my supervisors recommended me to visit a couple places. One was a casino and the other was a BBQ joint. Right after Game 2 between the Dodgers vs Chicago White Sox at Camelback Ranch, I headed over to Famous Dave's in Peoria.Well, I didn't know this Famous Dave's was located right across the San Diego Padres' and Seattle Mariners' Peoria Sports Complex. Before you walk in, the parking lot is filled with advertisement from the portable grills, trucks, and the piggish look of the exterior of the building. When I walked in, it was around 3:30 p.m. I was taken to the bar area since the crowd was very light and the game at the Peoria Sports Complex had not finished.My waitress for the day was the beautiful, Victoria. I didn't tell her that because she had a ring on and I didn't want to get her in trouble. She might get in trouble now since I just posted this review. Sorry Victoria! Well, I was told to try the BBQ Pork, but I saw the Famous Dave's Daily Special, but before I ordered my meal, I saw the Spiked Berry Lemonade ($7.50). Go order one and try it out. Its a MUST!It was time to order and on Friday's Famous Dave's Special, it was the Sweetwater Catfish Plate ($9.99). It comes with a corn muffin, and two choices of sides. I chose Famous Fries and Dave's Cheesy Mac and Cheese. While I waited, Victoria brought some complimentary Famous Dave's BBQ Chips. Oh my, this was different. It was DELICIOUS! I am not sure if the BBQ chips are house made or brought in, but it was very good. I wish I asked for seconds, but my main entree came on time.I saw the deep-fried catfish tenders and I was ready to dip it in the sauce. Again, with me being hungry, I neglected the fact that it just came out of the fryer and I just put half of a tender in my mouth. Yeah, it burned! With the help of the Spiked Berry Lemonade, it cooled me down, but I had ran out and asked Victoria to give me a small Bud Light ($2). Glad it was cheap since I came in during Happy Hour. The catfish was delicious and pieces were quite big. Unfortunately, I used so much of the sauce, I didn't notice that there were 4-5 different BBQ sauces next to me.Since, I did not order any meat, I tried the BBQ sauces and it truly complimented my meal. Whether it was for the catfish tenders, the french fries, and even the corn muffin. I tired the regular to sweet BBQ sauce. Oh yeah, the macaroni cheese! Now, there was something special about the macaroni cheese. Oh, there was some corn in it. I swear corn makes the meal delicious. Like I always mention, the saddest part of the meal is finishing it.Victoria was great and drew some hearts on my check and receipt. I would have joked more with her, but the ring part was a strong part that I would not dare interfere. She is cool, but her service was great! Oh, I might have to send some Los Angeles Dodgers neon lights since the maintenance staff was putting up some San Diego Padres and Seattle Mariners signs. We'll have to change that next time I visit.Do you think I write too much? Well, you can call me a Yelp-O-Holic!
2	Their customer service was excellent but the baby back ribs were horrible. I still think bobby q's has the best fall off the bone ribs.
4	A local coworker bud of mine swears by this place so when in town on business we usually stop by...the BBQ here is pretty tasty. I have yet to be disappointed but I always get the same thing...BBQ ribs with Potato Wedges and Corn. If you like spicy...you will love their Devils Spit BBQ Sauce. Just right amount of heat...not sure how other Famous Dave chains are in comparison but I am a fan when in Peoria.
5	Amazing. All I have to say is that the service was incredible. Our waiter Brandon ( I really hope that was what his name was) was knowledgeable and gave us a great rundown of their menu and sauces. He even drew us a little piggy in the sauces to explain each one! It was really a unique experiences. The food was better than he explained! We will definitely be back for round two!THE DEVIL SPIT BURGER IS DELICIOUS.
4	This place gives you the choice to have your ribs dry-rubbed or with sauce which is great. I hate ribs that are doused in sauce since that destroys real BBQ. We got 1/2 slab of St. Louis with sauce and 1/2 slab of baby back with the dry rub. The Memphis-style/dry rub was very flavorful so I highly recommend your ribs that way. The sauced ones were baked on so at least it wasn't over powering. But the flavor wasn't as strong. We also got the chopped pork. Not bad but the ribs were by far much better.Sides were ok. Flash fried green beans weren't anything more than steamed limpy looking and tasting green beans. I was expecting crispy or at least a little crisped up. Nada. Steamed broccoli was just that. Mac and cheese was fine.
4	This is our Famous Dave's. We come here every few months.We have yet to have a bad experience here. The service is always good. The meat is awesome; our faves include the brisket, the sausage, the chopped pork, and of course the ribs. My husband likes the Devil's Spit and Wilbur's Revenge sauces. Me, I'm fine with any of their tame BBQ sauces. The corn bread muffins are a particular weakness of mine.Our son is autistic. Famous Dave's is his favorite restaurant because of the large glowing clock on the main dining room wall, and he loves their BBQ chips.Another weakness of mine: bread pudding. I've only had their mini version, but it was excellent.My husband likes the beers they have on tap, which usually includes seasonals from companies like Sam Adams or Leinenkugel .
5	Love it! Always great service,  and even better food. I would highly suggest the burnt ends!
4	The smell before u walk in is more then enough to lead you to this place. We did nachos with brisket which is what u expect when u come to a BBQ place...not so good! Even then the brisket gave u a taste of what's to come! They have a full bar with a verity of awesome beer mine being Moose Drool was just the perfect pair to the BBQ. In any case we ended up going with the All American Feast which was plenty for 5 people with more to spare. Come in and check this place out you're self it's a good time with great food.
1	Happy hour at Famous Dave's...dead fly in my Moose Drool...little bastard floating under the head ended up in my MOUTH...@&$$==)(#Where is John Tapper? The resolution by the bar tender and manager..."want another beer?"...Nasty!!!
4	Every Famous Dave's is pretty much the  same, but different. I just needed my fix, because that's how I roll with Famous Dave's ever since we discovered this restaurant in Utah, 10 years ago. We ordered a full slab, naked, and two orders of Fire-Cracker green beans. My husband ate the corn muffin.Right up front, I would say this was some of the most excellently cooked ribs we have ever had at Famous Dave's. Tender, crispy, and flavorful. No trouble getting that meat off the bone!No WiFi, much to my surprise, but how can you decently eat ribs and read Facebook, anyway?Even the music is raucous, we love it, and the sound system is sophisticated enough that it does not overwhelm.
4	Awesome place ,just not in the summer ,when you have to wait outside due to no room in the waiting area ,not even mist system for out side or free water being offered when u have to wait ,but besides all that good food .
5	What a great Yelp find! Headed out here after having it bookmarked for a little while and we happened to be in the area, so it popped up on our search for local eats. We were fortunate enough to hit them while it was still lunch, so we were able to take advantage of their great lunch deals.Decided on the 2 Meats Plate and went with ribs and BBQ chicken and opted for corn on the cob as my side. The meals came with cornbread as well! The ribs were cooked really well, and they were fall of the bone easy to eat. The chicken was tasty, but on the smaller portion size - but hey it was lunch and a lunch price, so really no big thing.There were a variety of options for sauces on the table to top off the meat selections. From spicy to sweet to tangy, you really could find any kind of sauce you wanted. The cornbread was nicely done. The corn on the cob was the real winner for me for sides. It was sweet corn and cooked just right.Our server was very friendly and came back regularly to check on us. We were stuffed, so we didn't get dessert this go-round, but it'll be on our check list for next time.Overall: AAnother winning spot for Yelp bookmarks! When we are back in the area, we'll definitely stop on by!
4	We were in the area and craving BBQ, so we decided to give Famous Daves a try. The hostess staff was friendly and we were seated quickly in the bar area. The bartender came over away to take our order and was very nice throughout the visit. Looking around, I was astounded by the size of the plates--no, platters--that were on the tables in front of those around us.  This place definitely is not stingy with their food.  We both ordered the 2-meat lunch specials. My wife got the chicken and ribs with sweet corn, I got the chopped pork and beef brisket with fries.  Both plates also came with corn bread.  We also got complimentary kettle chips (mesquite bbq flavored, of course) the way italian restaurants serve bread. They were quite good!Our food came out shortly thereafter, and we split everything as usual.  Overall, I liked her chicken (a little on the small side) and ribs (delicious!) better than my pork (which was really good) and brisket (which was a bit dry for my tastes).  As I mentioned before, they are quite generous with their portions, and we had leftovers to take home. We will definitely be back, and next time I hope to save room for one of their desserts!
5	A great meal .. Great sides .. Great prices .. Great people .. will always come back here when im in the neighborhood ..
5	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Peoria opposite from the Peoria Sports Complex and nestled between the Cheesecake Factory and The Elephant Bar.  Parking is plentiful.  The restaurant is clean, very spacious, and well lit. Menu - 3 was brought to the table - drinks, main, and lunch menu all easy to understand.Service - Staff was super friendly and helped answer any questions we had.  Food - I ordered The Big Slab with Wilbur beans, creamy coleslaw which comes with a corn bread muffin.  Creamy coleslaw was indeed creamy and fresh.  It wasn't watery or warm.  The Wilbur beans had a little kick to it but not too much and was well seasoned and just the right temperature.The ribs was tender and juicy with lots of ample sauce.  It wasn't too tender where it was falling off the bone but well cooked and well smoked as well.  It tasted as if it had been smoked for some time as that flavor was down to the bone!Will most definitely be returning to try many of their other items on the menu and to also try their to-go service!
4	I used Famous Dave's to cater a party I threw once and everyone loved it.  Today we ate at the restaurant near the Peoria Sports Complex.  I ordered the fried cod with coleslaw and pineapple slab.  I really liked the fish.  It was moist, the breading was just right and flavorful, the coleslaw had good flavor, and the pineapple was super spicy.  My date ordered the burnt tips and ribs with broccoli and pineapple slab.  He loved the entire plate except that the pineapple lit him up too hot.  He can't handle much heat, ever.  He bit in before me, the official heat tester, and turned pretty red.  I love spicy, the hotter the better.  I think the menu should give a guy a warning on the pineapple just in case.  Both dinners came with a corn muffin and the waiter brought some bbq chips for the wait.  All in all, I wish there was a loose meat selection of bbq chicken or turkey, but besides that, it was very very good and we will be back.  Happy Hour had some cheap food/appetizer choices so that's a plus too.
5	Our waitress Jeni  gave us the draft beer list from memory which had a wide variety of options including all the standards but then some nice microbrews. She then suggested the ultimate burger which was huge and ridiculously good. Lunch specials are excellent. All 5 BBQ sauces are already on the table. This is a kid friendly loud environment with concrete floors. Clean and yummy!  Service and food were excellent
5	Leaving the airport, we headed straight for Famous Dave's to try out their pork sampler and long list  of sweet and tangy sauces.  Boy! I can see why my brother raves about this place. I had their barbq chicken salad (very yummy).   Although the orders were huge, we were able to save room for the delectable Dave's Famous Bread Pudding.  That alone will bring me back time and time again.
2	I had a BBQ craving & Famous Dave's isn't too far so we decided to order take out.  I ordered a smoked chicken breast sandwich & my husband got pulled pork.  The sauce was GREAT but that's about it.  The meat was dry as could be & this was around 6:30pm so I'm not sure why it would be so dry, almost as if it was from lunch, yuck.  We were starving so I choked most of down, drowning it in the sauce.  I'm always on the hunt for good BBQ but this was just bad.  Maybe it was an off night, I'm not sure but for the prices, I'm not sure if we will be rushing back anytime soon.
5	Being from MA we no longer have a Famous Dave's. My wife google Famous Dave's when we were in Scottsdale for a wedding. Even though we were 30 minutes away, definitely worth the drive. I had the St. Louis ribs & Burnt Ends. My wife the babybacks. I was in heaven eating from my number one favorite barbecue. I strongly recommend you go.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! Their happy hour is awesome! I love all the different sauces, and their meats always turn out perfect. The customer service has always been great everyone I'm there. I recommend this place to anyone craving good bbq!
3	Last time I was here I would give this place a  4. This time a 3 because the service was HORRIBLE. The food was great. We walk in and seat ourselves in the bar area. No one was out front...  We didn't know we were supposed to be seated by someone. Anyways, my husband and I understand that the Giants and cardinals were on (NLCS) last inning yaddayaddayadda but you still have a job to do... We didn't get acknowledged for 10 minutes and it wasn't even busy. So finally, We get greeted and she takes our drink orders then walks away and she does that Every time... Meaning she asks us what we want and starts to walk away mid sentence. No smile, not much concern... Pretty much the " I don't give a fuck about you coming in two hours before we close" type of attitude. All in all the food was very good and the manager took care of us after we complained. We will be back but not on a Thursday night at 8pm.
5	Really wated some BBQ today so I went on the old yelp and found this place. Walked in and was seated right away. Had a great waitress with a great attitude and didnt mind makeing changes for us. Food was great. Got a platter for me and my wife and had plenty to take home. Ribs, chicken, corn bread, corn on the cob all tasted great. Just the pork seemed a little dry but not worth giving them 1 less star. I would tell people to come here and I will be back.
3	my husband and I used to come here a lot but we haven't been in awhile so we decided to come in for lunch today. unfortunately we were not please food was not as warm Id say lukewarm and also it was freezing cold in there which made me not want to eat we just asked for doggie bags to box up our food and eat it later :( . our waitress Alex was awesome and attentive to us constantly!
5	best place by far for good bbq, unless some else says otherwise show me the money or put your money where your mouth is, this is the place to be. few words say a lot.
5	I generally hate bbq but if I am going to eat it with my family this is the place I go. Love the trash lid to share. I also am thankful for the choices of bbq for different pallets or moods.
5	Best draft beers in town. Severed ice cold in a frost glass. Food is great, but even if it wasn't I'll still come here for the beer because it's that good.
