5	The food is wonderful!  If you like spicy Thai food, you have to eat here.  There is good variety in the dishes and each dish can be ordered not so hot, hot, very hot and Thai hot.  If you're a real heat junkie (Not Me!) you can ask for Chef Hot (Not Listed on the Menu).  The wait staff will probably ask you if you're sure and do be sure because it will put hair on your chest whether you're male or female.All of the appetizers are excellent but the one that I have to have every time I go is the tom kha gai soup.  I've had good tom at other places, but at Malee's it's a signature dish.It doesn't look like much from outside, a little hole in the wall place amongst the upscale Main St art shops.  The decor inside is fine for my taste but isn't high brow by any stretch.  The prices are very reasonable with dishes ranging from $10 to $20.
4	This is the only place I have had decent Thai food in the Phoenix-metro.  But if you get a hankering for Thai, I can't think of a better place to go.UPDATE:  Sometimes I forget how good certain places are.  The above review is a rather passionless review.  It had been a while since I had been to Malee's when I wrote it, so I wasn't inspired.  I will update this review when inspiration strikes.
5	I love this place!  The service is good.  But, the yellow curry, pad thai, and crispy basil chicken are all fantastic.  I've tried a few other highly rated Thai restaurants in the Phoenix-metro area, but none match Malee's in atmosphere or food.
5	Without a doubt, one of my top 3 restaurants of all time.  Certainly the best Thai I've found in the state of Arizona. The menu is large, diverse, though mildly pricey.  If you're looking for Thai on a ramen budget, I recommend Thai Basil on University Dr.  But if you've got $13 for an amazing Thai dinner, I suggest the Drunken Dragon noodles.  Everything I've had here has been flavorful.  A note about spicy food:  As Thai restaurants go, this one is on the hotter end.  Though I typically order my food "Thai Hot" at other restaurants, I typically stick to "Very Hot" here because it's sooo hot.  Just a note of caution :)The service is occasionally at a slower pace than I would like, but I attribute this mostly to their crowds of customers rather than inefficiency.Perhaps the best reason to go to Malee's for your first Thai meal?  The staff are incredibly good at keeping your water glass full- a necessity when trying those spicy entrees.
5	Delish! I can't even begin to tell you the number of different dishes I've ordered here, but each one always satisfies. There's always plenty to take home for second servings. The service is average - definitely nothing to complain about, but certainly nothing to wow you. But, that's ok. The food is served in a timely manner, as are your initial drinks. Try the Thai Tea. It's a treat.
5	Malee's is one of my favorite restaurants in The Valley. It's the type of place we need more of; good, friendly service, tasty ethnic food, and a very urban feel that might make you forget you're in a suburb.Everything I've ever had on the menu has been delicious, and the interior is comfortable and cool. The best thing about Malee's is that it's hip without trying to be.
4	This is definitely one of favorite places to eat in the valley so far. The service is great, the food was delicious if a tad pricey, and the ambiance was perfect.
4	I hate to find out that there was another location closer to where I was.  It doesn't matter because it was worth the trip.  I ordered pick up because I was by myself and wanted to a bit of exploring.  The place has a nice casual ambiance.  They also have an outdoor seating area.  I ordered the pad thai that comes with chicken and shrimp as a standard.  Since it was lunch time, it was part of the lunch menu that came with a choice of soup or salad.  I chose the soup, but was too stuffed to have it because I jumped right into the pad thai.  I ordered it medium spicy, and it was pretty spicy.  I can't imagine what hot would have tasted like.  Actually, I'm more curious of what it would have tasted like in a mild flavor.  The noodles were slightly overcooked, but still flavorful.  I also had the Thai Iced Tea here, and it was perfect for the weather and a great combination with the tangy pad thai flavor.  The prices are expensive compared to Chicago, but I hear it's typical for Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  My lunch speciai and drink costed me a little over $15.  I guess if you are craving it that bad like I was, you'll pay the price...
5	This is by far one of my favorite places, try the crispy basil chicken with a signature malees drink. yum.
2	I have no idea what kind of crack people are smoking in Phoenix. This was the most vile meal I've had in a long time, and without a doubt the worst "Thai" restaurant I've ever been too.In all my life I've never sent a dish back to the kitchen, but my "drunken dragon" noodles were so beyond recognizable as food, they had to go back. I have no idea if the kitchen staff accidentally dumped a box of cleaning detergent on it or what, but everyone at my table agreed that it was not edible.My aforementioned dining partners, luckily, didn't have quite as bad an experience as me. However, they certainly didn't seem to enjoy their dinners and commented on how bland the food was.As for me, I wish my food was bland. It sure beats the taste of bitter, burnt plastic that overwhelmed my poor noodles.2 stars because the server was super nice and didn't charge me for my dinner without me having to ask. And he offered a free beer as an apology. However, it came in a glass that had lipstick all over it.Gross.
5	This place rocks.  I could eat here everyday.  The noodles, fish, soups are excellent.  I won't recommend one dish over another since I think they are all pretty good, although I order the crispy pla most often.  The sauce on it is great, and the portion is gigantic.
4	I love this place! We go to the Desert Ridge location and always have amazing service and food.  Like other reviewers I have to shout out the Crispy Basil Chicken OMG!.  Even their sushi is excellent, best Las Vegas Roll I've had to date.  If your lucky the DR chef makes Thai Coffee Ice Cream from scratch which is worth the trip by itself.
4	just a tad pricey i thought for Thai food, but the portions were more than enough to share with many....loved the soup, wish i remembered the name!
5	Malee's is the most spicy Thai food I've had in the Valley, which is good because it satisfies my really crazy addiction to heat, but it'sbad because most other places just can't live up to the heat standard Malee's has set.That being said, my new discovery at Malee's is Chef Hot, which is double Thai hot. WOW. Talk about eye-watering satisfaction. I tried it with the crispy basil chicken, but I think next time I'll try it with something that has more of a sauce--like the red curry (Arizona Heatwave). I've tried the drunken dragon noodles, the aforementioned Arizona heatwave and crispy basil chicken, the roasted duck, the beef-with-some-sort-of-garlic sauce, and the Thai chow mein. My favorite is the crispy basil chicken, but the red curry is the best I've had. It's got a subtle smokiness I just love.Malee's takes reservations, which is great for the weekends and crowds. I usually for with at least four other people for dinner, so I definitely give Malee's a holler before.Malee's is a bit more pricey than your average mom-and-pop Thai place, but I think it's worth it every now and then. :)
4	If anyone is going to the Super Bowl, or the next time you are Scottsdale/Phoenix area, make sure you stop by Malee's. It's a "Thai Bistro & Wasabi Room" and was so good, we went back twice!  Make sure you order the tofu spinach pot stickers. This place was full of locals, who always know best.  Very fresh, very reasonably priced. There are two locations--we hit the one in Old Town on Main.
5	Some of the finest Thai food in the valley. Great service, nice environment,  wonderfully prepared food. However, I would like to quibble with a previous reviewer-- this is NOT the hottest Thai food around. It has been moderated somewhat for American tastes. (I have been to Thailand 3 times so I should know) The hottest Thai food and amazingly good as well is Thai Lahna. Espeically if Thom is cooking. But Malee's is excellent, excellent food. Great service. I love the place.
5	Consistency and high-quality.  This is Malee's on Main.They don't skimp on the vegetables, and the when you ask for hot - you get hot, no ifs, ands, or buts about it.  Their tofu is always prepared with excellence, and the chicken never dry or tasteless.  All the curries shine, but the Arizona Heat Wave (red curry) is fabuloso.The restaurant itself is cozy, too.  Low ceilings, fun and interesting table placement - Malee's uses the uniqueness of their space to their full advantage.  I've never felt like I've intruded on anyone's conversation by accident, nor have I ever felt it happen to me.The lunch special is a good deal, however it can be busy, so make sure you have the time.  I've been to Malee's on several occasions when a group comes in at 12:30 or 1, and then I can tell their upset because they're food doesn't come out with the speed of a drive up window.  This always bothers me.  Good food takes time, and Malee's is most definetly very good - so allow them the time to prepare it.  You'll be glad you did-
5	Don't be afraid...  This is not hardcore Tai food... It is delicious! My absolute favorite Asian restaurant in Scottsdale.It can be warm if you request, but don't be a wimp and pass this joint up. This is a wonderful, local, cute dining spot --  with a nice little bar and amazing atmosphere. I like the Old Town location better than the Desert Ridge one. Some portions are really huge, so I suggest splitting a meal.
5	I travel to PHX a few times a year, and have been looking for good places to eat.  Boy did I hit the jackpot!  Melee's has great Thai food...  I don't mean to sound like an asshole, but being from San Francisco and hav ing spent a month in Thailand, my standards really are pretty high here.  The Tom Ka Gai soup is top top notch, I have gotten it every time.  Super yum.Tonite I had the special spicy prawn & calamari with peppercorns, 'shrooms, and broccoli.  Maybe a tiny bit too sweet, but overall wonderful.    I got both dishes straight up "spicy" (but not thai spicy!) and they totally got the heat level right.  Finished it off with mango and sweet sticky rice.I have had some not-so-memorable dishes too, but nothing was ever bad, and tonite was so good what the hell I'm going to give 'em 5 stars.
5	I was lunching with my boss, so against my initial desire to order something expensive, I ordered a moderate-cost item... the special of the day, which happened to be Squid and Shrimp in a Pepper Sauce. "Just like mom used make," read the chalk-written board.Oh. My. God. This turned out to be one of the best meals of my life.Pepper sauce in my mind was a black pepper sauce. No. This was something entirely different: sprigs of fresh (white?) peppers on the vine, mixed in with a red-chili sauce. Squids and shrimps swam happily in this red pool of nirvana, which was not a pool at all but a firm, gorgeous, complex sauce combined with oodles of perfectly wok'd fresh spinach. Honestly, this dish knocked me out of the water. So succulent and unexpected.Waitress was new and not entirely familiar with the menu but helpful and friendly. When I stated I wanted it "really, really hot" she asked me to confirm but did not put up a fight about it. Indeed, the dish arrived as I ordered it: really, really, really spicy. My mouth was on beaucoup  fire and it was orgasmic... every bite of it. Waitress also explained that there are two levels of absolute hot: "Thai Hot" (which is what I got) and "Chef Hot" (which is the highest hot of the land). Great information.We were seated at the back booth next to the window which turned out to be not such a hot spot, because we were in such close proximity to the obnoxious guy at the table next to us who chose to ignore his date in favor of his cell phone. My message to women on first dates sitting with guys yacking on cell phones: "You can do better than that!" Next time I will ask to be seated in the outside atrium area for this reason.Awesome, awesome. Five stars!  Thank you, Malee's, for a superior dining experience.
3	I've been to the Malee's at Desert Ridge before and figured this location in Old Town would have a similar feel.   It's been a couple of years since I've last been to Malee's but I'm certain that it was a romantic, dimly lit, comfortable quiet restaurant.  Something of a treat.  Unfortunately, this location didn't resemble Desert Ridge in the slightest. The dining room area to our left was fairly small, and noisy and well lit.  The atmosphere: rather casual.  My friends and I definitely felt out of place, and way overdressed for a Saturday night.   The tables felt crowded with plates and silverware already pre-served, which was kind of annoying because when our dishes came out, we were asked if we wanted to eat from the plate it came on, or if wanted to transfer our food onto the plates provided on the table.   Doesn't make sense.  We stuck with the plates the food was served on.  On to the menu:  Another thing I seem to remember at the Desert Ridge Location, they offered Sushi.  There was no menu for Sushi at this location.  Was it that they just didn't provide a sushi menu unless asked for?  Or do they just don't serve it all?  I suppose, if they don't advertise it, it's probably best to just avoid the question all together.   Just a guess. I ordered the grilled chicken over spinach dish, mild.  Now this may or may not be worth noting, but I don't think my watch lapsed a full 5 minutes before we were served with our food.  This is wonderful, when you're at a fast food joint like Mc D's, but at a Thai restaurant?  I'm not so sure how I feel about that.  By the way, Mild stands for : no kick to it at all.  Don't be scared to go with the medium.  Take it from someone who is a baby when it comes to hot spicey foods!On to the great part: 3 dishes, 2 glasses of wine, 1 vodka Stoli: $62.00.  Nice.  I wish I liked this place better, I really do.  Unfortunately, it's just no the Malee's I know and loved at Desert Ridge.  Normally, I hate the whole Scottsdale atmosphere, but in this case, it is what I expected walking in and I was sorely disappointed.
3	This place gets really busy on a friday night so plan ahead if you want to eat here (make reservations).  We were sitted in the bar area had a couple of really good drinks and sushi.  Overall it was good, the atmosphere was just a bit too crowded for me so it lacked in comfort.
4	The other half and I did some poor planning one night of our spring training. We did not pre-buy tickets to a game against the AZ Diamond Backs. Wooops. We got all the way over to the stadium to find a huge line of cars to park, no parking spaces, and a sold out game. UGH. So, we turned around and headed back to Scottsdale to get some food. I remembered this place on my "to eat" list from YELP. We found it on the blackberry and off we went. It was not very crowded. We were seated right away. Our seater and server were very nice. The server made recommendations, one being the soup choice. It was not a super hot day, so we were opting for soup and he said the presentation of this one particular soup was very good... flames. I believe it was chicken wonton soup.  We also ordered the drunken dragon noodles and a vegetable dish (that I just cannot remember right now.)  The waiter was correct, the presentation of the soup was great. I even took pictures, as hard as it is to get flames on film. The plates were all average sized, but plenty for the two of us. The food was all quite good, though a bit on the pricier side for thai. Overall, I think an excellent selection for the evening. Good relaxed, nice place with good staff, good food and even a baseball player sighting (though we have no idea who he was, probably a minor leaguer).
4	I love Thai.  This is one of the best in Phoenix.  Went there for lunch one day and sat in the little paito area, it's small, but hidden and I kinda liked it.  Another time we went there for dinner and my (jackass) boyfriend who loves spicy food ordered it as spicy as it comes and couldn't eat it at all.  So be-careful what you ask for.
5	We LOVE Malee's on Main.  We go there every weekend.  We got my parents addicted, too.  My dad loves the Crab Rangoon.  My husband likes the Crispy Basil Chicken and Exotic Fried Rice.  I always get the Arizona Heatwave (made vegan), but I also like the Cashew Chicken made vegetarian.  They're incredibly accommodating.  The mango sticky rice is WONDERFUL!!!
4	I went to the event sponsored by Yelp, and it was fantastic.  Malee's had several specialty drinks available to the guest, from a basil margarita to yummy sangria! The food was delicious and once again a good mixture from Sushi to Potstickers, each with a funky twist. Presentation was unique and the staff was quite friendly! The event really made us want to go back for dinner!
4	---I just wrote a review of this place and then Yelp signed me out and it don't post it. So this is all the review you get the second time around.----Good, Thai food. Had the coco fish dish and the Thai basil chicken and it was very good.
5	My favorite Thai place.
3	I'm a bit picky about Thai.  Maybe that's why I'm so hard on Malee's. It's not traditional Thai. Which is not necessarily bad if you don't know the difference or just don't care.  The food here is decent.  The atmosphere is nicer than most Thai places. However, for the price, the quality of the food is a bit lacking and inconsistent. For example, I'll use my favorite Malee's dish--the seafood curry. I've ordered it 5 times and 3 x's it was great, 2x's the seafood was very over cooked and dry. At Malee's prices, that's not kosher.However, one thing I have to give them credit for is service--it's excellent.  The manager is very professional, courteous and does an awesome job taking care of any mistake from the kitchen.if you want Thai in an atmosphere that's more upscale than traditional Thai restaurants, try Malee's. if you don't care and/or are a cheapskate like me, and/or desire more traditional Thai, try Thai Basil in Tempe.
5	Favorite Thai place in the valley.  Delicious flavors, lots of vegetarian options, hefty portions.  My faves include: panang curry (with tofu), crispy pla fish (SO good), their pad thai is also delish....You really just can't go wrong.
4	Malee's has been around for so long because it's one of the best Thai restaurants in town. Feel free to request mild or spicy or anything in between. Enjoy!
4	Yay, gotta love the location and the food! The Thai is spicey and tasty... and the bar is a nice place to sit at if you want to talk with a small group of friends.Over all my experince here was joyful and tasty
4	YUM!  Seriously?!  Yes, this place rocks.  Love the food here.  Great environment -- soooo glad that I have friends who live in the area who took me to this fab place so long ago.  Was just there this past weekend and missed out on another mouthwatering meal, was terribly bummed.  Most definitely going again next time I'm in town!!!!
4	Definitely the best Thai place I've found in the valley.  The food is quite good, although it's not mind-blowing.  They'll make most dishes as hot as you want them, which is a big plus for me since I enjoy food that's painful.
3	Thought I'd give Thai a try after reading some of the Y reviews.  I've been to Thailand and taken cooking courses there and so I must say I am a little jaded.  With that said I thought their version of Kang Karie was good, nicely balanced flavor to the curry, but the chicken was dry, as I find it seems to be everywhere.  The noodle dish was a bit difficult to maneuver, as the noodles were all glued together, but once we cut them all up it was manageable and the Chinese sausage added an interesting dimension of flavor with it's classic 5 spice taste.  The garnish of celery threw me for a loop, but I think I'm nit picking that one.  I liked that they offered two sizes of servings, especially since we were eating a very late lunch and had plans for dinner and did not want that spoiled.
5	Let me put this out there...I love Malee's. This place is one of the few places that I could frequent more than once a month; and that's a big deal for me. I really enjoy Asian food in general (Sushi, Chinese & Vietnamese primarily), and I'm adventurous insomuch that I'll try anything at least twice (I'll give it the benefit of the doubt on the first time). With Malee's its funny, because each time I go there, I make an attempt to try something I haven't before, and it seems like in doing that, I find a new favorite each time. A smaller place in old-town Scottsdale, Malee's has a nice atmosphere that isn't too stuffy like 'traditional' Scottsdale, but not too trendy either. Their service is always amazing, and their people are always friendly. It's a place where being a regular is pretty easy because the staff will remember you after a couple of visits. Malee's makes it no secret that they're not going after the traditional Thai dishes, as they add their own flare and ingredients as they see fit. What's really great about this stance, is that they'll make the dishes how YOU see fit. I went in one time and ordered the Hippy Noodles (vegetarian), but since I'm a carnivore, and cannot have a meal without meat, I had them substitute Duck for the Tofu. It was delicious! You can order small portions, various degrees of spice (personally, I'm a wuss, so I keep things mild), substitutions, wine pairings, the whole nine. A truly unique dining experience in the way they approach their customers.I liked this place so much, and my girlfriend loves it more than I do even, that for her birthday, I got us in for one of their cooking classes they offer every month or two.  The owner, GM and head chef put on the class in one of the side dining areas, tought us the intricacies of their dishes (though most of the class was spent hearing the stories from customer tales, food-related trips around the world and other fun quips) and also what Malee's is about.  After the instructional portion (and several glasses of Champagne) we then moved to the bar-area and proceeded to partake in dining on the dishes we just learned about, with a fantastic wine-pairing put on by one of their bartenders.  Mind you, I thought that wine-pairing stuff was a load of hooey, but it really was fantastic.Malee's is fantastic, and I will continue to go there for as long as I can, and will miss if for the times that I cannot get there. If you like Thai, try it with an open mind. If you don't like Thai, try it with an open mind. If you're not picky, do yourself a favor and try it.
5	We had two appetizers and split a soup.  Plenty of food, and very good.  As we get older we eat a little less, so one meal and an appetizer usually does it for us.  Waitress was very pleasant.  Great place to go in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by the experience I had last night at Malee's. I was expecting your typical Scottsdale crowd, prices and wait staff, but what I found was exactly opposite. When me and the lovely CP entered, we were warmly welcomed by the hostess. This shocked me since most times hostesses are snotty as can be. We were seated in a large, comfortable booth and immediately greeted by our waitress, Angel. Angel was also extremely friendly, accommodating, had a really good knowledge of their offerings and provided really great service. I was extremely impressed with the prices. We got two meals, two beers and a glass of wine for under $40. I really enjoyed the dishes, and they were plated well. We got the yellow curry with tofu (+ tofu at no extra charge is awesome!!) and the Hippy noodles with tofu. Both were extremely flavorful and perfectly spiced. The ambiance was great, the food was great, the service was great and the prices were great. I have no complaints and I will be back for sure!
5	I went here for dinner with some friends. It met my expectations and more. The food was delicious and well presented. For starters I had Tom ka gai (Coconut Chicken soup) which is now my favourite! I also tried some of the starters platter, which was tasty as well. I especially liked the satay chicken.The menu was the perfect size, enough variety for most restrictions and palates, we have a varied group (from on a diet, vegetarian, peanut allergy, to eats anything). At the same time it wasn't huge and unmanageable. I had the crispy basil chicken which was flavourful as well and I tried my friends dishes which were excellent, especially the curries.The service was as good as the food and atmosphere. We never felt rushed or ignored; neither did the waitress interrupt us. Five stars for her! Some of our party members were late but we were still seated on time without any hassle despite it being a busy Friday night.I'm definitely coming back again. This place is trendy. I think this place would be suitable for a date, celebration or when you just want good thai food.
4	One of my many favorite places to eat when visiting Scottsdale!  Always good food and service.. love how they turn up the heat on any dish you ask them to.
5	What a wonderful night. It didn't start out that way. I found this restaurant on yelp, not realizing that it was sixteen miles from the hotel my wife and i were staying at. I heard the grief all the way there. "Come on honey, it's an adventure!". We arrived, and were greeted warmly and shown right to our table. Zach, our waiter, was right there to offer us drinks and appetizers. We had the Summer Rolls and they were delicious! I explained to  Zach that I was allergic to wheat and he brought us a special "gluten free" menu the owner had created for those of us who are allergic to wheat. Zach even brought us some special wheat-free dipping sauce for the Summer rolls. He showed great care, provided great customer service,  and the sauce  was delicious!The portions were good sized and the presentation was beautiful. But the wonderful tastes and personal service made the night special. Oh, the bathrooms were clean too. Thanks Zach, and thanks Malee's. It was a great night my wife and I look forward to repeating. (Yes, she admitted after dinner that the drive was worth it.)
3	I have been here for dinner a few times and just stopped by for lunch today. As usual, the food is delicious and has great flavor. I had the Beef Panang Curry and my lunch partner had the Pad Thai. The beef was not overcooked at all, so it was still tender and the sauce had just the right amount of heat for me. We both really enjoyed the chicken won ton soup that came with our lunch. My only complaint about this place would be that I think the prices are way too high for lunch. They do have a lunch menu, even though it is not posted on their website, but most of he dishes are still $9.95! You do get either soup or salad, but the portion size is much smaller than the dinner portion. Some of my other favorite Thai places, Thai House & Takeda, have lunch specials in the $6-8 range, which I think is much more appropriate. If I am wanting a nice Thai dinner, I would definitely splurge on Malee's. The Thai toast, Tom Ka Gai and Pork Lettuce wraps are all delicious, but I think I will pass on it for lunch.
2	Just when you thought you can trust a local for advice on nice restaurants, she leads you the wrong way... The counter girl at the spa suggested Malee when I inquired about a nice place to dine at. So, I dragged my coworker to probably one of the worst Thai restaurants I have ever been to in terms of food quality and ruin my foodie reputation.  The first signs should be been telling.  No Thai or even Asian host or hostess to guide you to the table and this place looked too fancy for some authentic Thai food.  And surely enough, the food sucked! My Pad Thai tasted like Thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce. It was nasty and I am not one to consume unnecessary calories. So, I stared at my Pad Thai for the next 30 minutes as my coworker continued to consume his not-so-spectacular duck curry.  Needless to say, I'm definitely crossing Malee off my list.
4	Great Food.  Not your average Thai joint, so if you're looking for traditional, you won't find it here.  They put their own twist on almost every dish.  I had a seafood dish of scallops, shrimp, etc., in a spicy sauce that was AWESOME.  Great presentation too.  They delivered my meal in a halved pineapple that had been hallowed out.  Pretty cool.They've also got a great beer, wine, and tequilla selection.  Ask for the Thai Basil Margarita.  I didn't have one, but the guy sitting down the bar from me really enjoyed his.Check it out!
5	WOW. That is what I have to say about Malee's.  They know what they are doing and they did a great job at it.  We have cooked and eaten lots of Thai food and Malee's is right up there with some of the best.  From the Curry sauces, to the simplest of spring rolls, it was excellent.  We went on a Thursday and came back for take-out the following night.  Even the take out was AWESOME, they didn't miss a beat and everything was perfect.  We ordered the following, in order of our favorites:Burma GaiTropical PineappleThai Basil Margarita (tasty)Drunken Dragon wraps (a little bit salty)Malee's Roasted DuckSpicy Cashew Beer (tasted like it was a crocpot meal)Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  When we come back to visit Scottsdale, Malee's will be one of the first meals.
4	The Tom Ka Gai Soup is del-i-cious! This soup makes me so happy you have no idea. Strange huh? Getting happy over soup - it's just that gramazing.  **Note: When the staff inquire how hot you would like your meal, (even if you like your food spicy - as I do) reply: not spicy thanks. Rather than enhancing the flavor of the food, (if you order your meal "Thai hot" - I think they have 5 levels and I had ordered "4") it will make you sneeze/cough unceasingly. They pound the food with pepper and your body will violently rebel.
4	I'm a card carrying (literally, they gave me frequent diner card that's supposed to get me free stuff, haven't seen it yet though) fan of Malees, the real one in old Town Scottsdale, not that B.S. up North. Consistently GREAT food and good service, large portions and well priced too. Our most recent Trip was on mother's Day, we saw Stomp and came out hungry around 4pm - we called and got in before the crowd w/no reservations and had yet another great meal. The atmosphere is casual but nice and the emphasis is on the food. Malees is located on 5th Ave just west of Scottsdale and has a TON of street parking available as most of galleries that surround it are closed at dinner time anyway. They also serve lunch, man I need to go there more often! Favorite Standout dishes include the traditional soups, Thai Stick appetizers, the best fried tofu in town with peanut dipping sauce (a really simple dish that's apparently easy to f*ck up based on what I've had elsewhere), beef panang (not on the menu so just order it), of course pad-thai and a dish I think they call candied fish that is two HUGE whitefish fillets that are very lightly breaded and flash fried and drizzled with a sweet chilie sauce, to call it sweet and sour would be insulting, way better and more nuanced. They have anice little patio when weather permits, can take parties from 2 to 8 with no problem and take and actually KEEP reservations. (Am I the only one who gets pissed if he makes a reservation, shows up on the dot and waits an hour?) Crowd is mixed and widely varied from new age sandal-foots exploring the East by eating noodles to tourists, locals, first dates, and of course the usual assortment of Indian and Asian families that lets you know they know how to use spices. I'd give it five stars as pefection if the decor was a little more exciting, it's not bad, just not all that it could be on that front, but here I am really looking for one thing to complain about - this is one of my favorite places in town and a place I always take visting guests.
5	Superior in every way!...Great: food, service, & atmosphere.  The prices are comenserate with the experience.  You won't be disappointed.I have dined here many times over the past few years.  Everything is consistant.  Definitely try the Tom Ka Gai soup!...Always a crowd pleaser.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the metro Phoenix area, a spot that has been operating for nearly three decades, and a friendly neighborhood bar where I love to take new faces. I rarely sit in the dining area of the restaurant.  The tables that crowd the tiny space make the environment seem too cramped, and an intimate night out might be shared with the couple at the table next to you.Sit at the bar, where you are always waited on promptly, the bar tenders are quite knowledgeable, have time to discuss the art of being alive, and can whip up some delectable treats before you receive your fare.  My personal favorite beverage is the Thai Iced Tea.  Though non-alcohlic, it is delicious and complements any of the foods well. Ask the bartenders or servers about the wine list, often they carry imported beer from Italy as well.I will start by saying I have not tasted everything on the menu,  but i do know what i will order again and again. If you are new to Thai food, an absolute must is the "Tom Ka Gai" soup.  A serving ideal for a party of three, it is a divine hot and sour interpretation with coconut milk, mushrooms, cilantro, lemongrass, galangal root, and kaffir lime.  It can be ordered with any meats, tofu, or just plain.  I recommend it with all white chicken, and at a number 2.  If you are unsure about how spicy you want your Thai food, remember that 1 is not spicy, and 5 (the highest) will probably burn offyour taste buds.  Perhaps you like spicy, but also note that too much spice will overpower the complexity of your foods.If you want an assortment of various appetizers, try the Combination plate which includes Spring rolls, Satay, (marinated chicken tenders with cucumber and peanut sauces, and my favorite!) Thai Toast, (flash fried toast points filled with garlic and chicken, not my favorite) Crab Rangoon, (delicious flash-fried puffs of crab and cream cheese served with thai sauces) Siamese Kisses,  (chicken and shrimp in steamed shumai wraps topped with scallions and crispy garlic) and Potstickers.  All come with an assortment of sauces, and if your eyes are larger than your belly, then you will likely have no room left for the divine main courses.Quite frankly, I have never tried any of the house favorites, except the Pad Thai.  And if Pad Thai is all you know, I recommend you venture out this time and wrap your lips around some of the sweetest, most delicious curries this side of the WestI am not a fan of vegetables, which is something one finds an overabundance of in Thai dishes...but not if you order the "Burma Gai."  Flat noodles and chicken in a yellow curry with coconut milk with titillate and tantalize.  You can substitute, add, or remove anything in any one of the entrees, so you can basically customize your entrees.If you like something with a little more pizazz, do the "Drunken Dragon Noodles" or "The Evil Jungle Princess."  Another curry dish, the Dragon, has rice noodles smothered with a wild green curry sauce, topped with chicken, basil, and onion. Again, if you are not a fan of the spicy, go very easy on this one.  Better yet is the Princess, which has a lovely coconut sauce with hints of mint, and two simple additions of chicken and straw mushrooms.  Though I prefer chicken or nothing at all, the Green Basil Curry with Pork is another incredible curry with coconut and various veggies.You will also have a selection of seafood dishes, as well as specialty sushi rolls and vegetarian preparations.  Remember that the sauces here are the key, all dishes are served with rice, all ingredients can be removed or substituted, and if you really want to taste the diverse flavors, don't make your dish too spicy.Don't be shy to ask, as all the waitstaff here is very knowledgable, and even if you are new to Thai, or a veteran, they can assist you in making the perfect choice.Should you have room for dessert at the end of your robust meal, a must is the traditional Thai favorite, Sticky Coconut Rice with fresh mangos. Not heavy enough to warrant a wheelbarrow for the ride home, but sticky and sweet enough to make you feel like a kid again.In short, I love this place!  And I have to come here at least once a month just for the soup and the great conversation with the bartenders.
3	Ok Thai food compared to others in the area but nothing extraordinary... Except for the tom ka gai which just so happens to be the best this world traveler has ever tasted. I frequently pick some up on my way home and enjoy it with my own dinner.
1	COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!After my disappointing experience with Malee's at Desert Ridge several years ago I pretty much wrote the chain off.That is, until I was with a few friends on a Sunday evening looking for a bite to eat after visiting the DBG for the Chihuly exhibit.  The four of us decided on Thai & our friend that was driving mentioned Malee's.  We all agreed to give it a try after we realized that the other mentioned options were closed on Sunday evening.To start, Malee's atmosphere was not bad.  The dinning room was clean (or seemed so) & was well decorated for a Thai restaurant.  The service was marginal...  Our server proceeded to explain all of the specials, all of which he pretty much said were not good.  Pretty strange, but I always appreciate the honesty, but needless to say, we ordered off of their regular menu.The food...  The food was OK, nothing special.  I absolutely LOVE great Thai food, however, this was not much better than what you would be served at a Chinese restaurant.  Presentation was great, but the food was missing the real Thai flavors & covered with tons of sodium-rich sauce & oil.For those of you who rave about this place, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama for excellent authentic Thai cuisine.Back to the COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!After the four of us had our first serving of food with rice, I went in for another serving of rice from the community bowl to try my partners dish.  Amongst the rice was a "friend" looking up at me, a COCKROACH.  Although I am vegetarian, the fact that an animal was in the rice did not freak me out.  Cockroaches, however are not a sign of cleanliness in a restaurant.  I already had my concerns after visiting the restroom to wash my hands before dinner, what a freaking mess!  But that's another show...After finding the cockroach in the rice, I brought this to the server's attention, trying not to make a scene & upset my friends who had all already eaten from the rice bowl.  I requested a fresh bowl of rice & explained the problem.  He saw it & agreed to bring a new bowl, which he did shortly thereafter.  One big problem that I have with Malee's is that we did not receive any sort of apology for being served a COCKROACH in our rice.  I was not looking for a free dinner, but an apology was in order for such a disgusting situation from both the server & a manager/owner would have been nice.  Obviously the server & or management did not care that they served us a COCKROACH in our food.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about sanitation.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about their customers health & well-being as long as they get their money.Needless to say, I will never go back here again.  If you are looking for a good, authentic, sanitary Thai feast, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama.
2	I've been to the one at Desert Ridge many times, but sadly, it has closed so I went to this location instead. The menu is pretty extensive but the food itself was subpar. The noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard. I ordered a saketini which I've had many places and this was the worst! It was all vodka, and no sake. Waste of money. They also had a young girl playing the piano there...which was....out of place. It made it so the restaurant was so loud that I couldn't even speak to the person next to me. Definitely won't be going back here soon.
5	Malee's single-handedly changed my feelings about Thai food. I used to not be a big fan, and ever since I tried Malee's I can't get enough. Their food is delicious, they use high quality ingredients, and they give you your money's worth! Some plates can be made into "half orders" which are still huge (I can't finish them even sometimes) and even the regular sized portions are well priced. The atmosphere is nice, as it is located in Old Town Scottsdale which is a cute little area and a nice place to have a meal. I reccomend the Drunken Dragon Noodles (for you spicy lovers!) or the Panang Chicken. Spinach Chicken is also delicious.
4	Reading over the reviews that came before this one, it's hard to believe everyone is describing the same restaurant. It looks like Malee's suffers from inconsistent food quality and service. The day I tried it, both were excellent, and several people told me that Malee's is one of their favorite restaurants, if that helps anyone to decide whether they want to go there.One big plus for me: A gluten-free menu. My waiter and the manager were both very knowledgeable about the needs of people with celiac disease.A big plus for the friends who took me to Malee's: It's a great place for vegetarians to eat. The Tom Yum soup was so delicious that I can't wait to try it again. I can't remember the name of my main course, but it included chicken and vegetables in coconut milk. It was also very good. I know the most reviews mention more than two dishes, but I wanted to post to spread the word that Malee's is a good place for people who follow a gluten-free or vegetarian diet.
4	A friend and I visited Malee's on Main a few weeks ago on a whim after ending up in Scottsdale. I greatly enjoy Thai and absolutely expect good atomosphere in a place as well and I got that at Malee's. The atmosphere was better than expected. I loved the lighting (or slight lack thereof) and the different booths and tables available. My only complaint was that there happened to be a girl playing piano while we were there, but not knowing this when we arrived, we were seated in an area where we couldn't hear her at all.The staff was very attentive and I was constantly having my water refilled without even gesturing that I needed it. This was perfect because the heat and spice of the food was exactly what I wanted :)The unique names of the menu items were fantastic also and I kinda giggled a little bit (and still do). I had an appetizer of Siamese Kisses and a main course titled Evil Jungle Princess. I'd definitely go back here again. It was a great experience.
4	There's thai food and then there's Malee's.  Yellow curry is pretty much yellow curry but their Coco Chili Fish has to be one of  the tastiest things that has been pulled out of the ocean.  This has to be what Captain Ahab was looking for before he got sidetracked by that stupid whale.The perfect end to a Thursday evening spent walking amongst the art in Scottsdale.
4	I was a huge fan of their Desert Ridge location.  I am so sad to see it's not around anymore.My first time at the Snottsdale location and I was pleased.  I ordered a mango martini and it was fresh and yummy.  My wife and I did the biggest "no no" you could do at a first time establishment.  I am not talking about sex in the bathroom.  I am talking about ordering the same thing at a family style place.  We both got the Pad Thai, it was out of this world.  I looked around at other things people were getting and I was amazed.  The presentation of the dishes and smiles on their faces made me realize it's all good here.  We'll be going back again sooner than later.
2	If you want authentic Thai food, this place is definitely not for you. My family and I went there on our visit to Scottsdale. When we first got into the door, we didn't see any Thai or asian workers or customers, which are kinda surprising to see (or in case "not see") in a Thai restaurant. We ordered a couple entrees to share and the food were definitely not Thai food, it's more like Thai imitation. Anyway, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. It was okay in term of taste. The reason I gave it two stars instead of three was because all the items on the menu were expensive.
5	Well, I've worked here for five years, so, I suppose my first review should pay homage to the place that keeps my Internet on so I could write this review.  I began going to Malee's as a customer in 1998, I was fresh out of High School.  If and when I hoodwinked a young lady to accompany me to dinner, I knew I could always rely on Malee's.  As a first date locale, Malee's always delivered.  Great food, fast, efficient, and friendly service and an air of romance.  There is a lot to choose from on Malee's menu and no matter your dinner companions likes dislikes, dietary needs etc.  Malee's has you covered.My favorite dishes:*Green Basil Curry w/ Pork (ask your server to sub for Grilled Beef)*Coco Chili Fish (a religion of sorts)* Jalapeno Fried Rice*Thai Chow MeinIf you noticed there are a few nontraditional Thai items on my favorite dishes.  While Malee's uses authentic curries from Thailand and traditional techniques.  Malee's is not a traditional Thai restaurant.  Krisada Fisher, our General Manager, travels to Thailand every year and comes back with a riff on a classic, or a wholly new flavor creation.  Stop in and See us!  I manage the Bar and Bartend Tues, Wed, Thurs, and every second and fourth Friday.
5	My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale, bar none.It's quaint, friendly, and the food is outstanding, both in terms of quality and price.  Every time I try something different to keep it fresh, and every time I thoroughly enjoy it.  I try and eat there at least once a month.  Highly recommended.
4	I have not yet been disappointed. Very yummy. I even survived the "Thai Hot"
1	I really wanted to love Malees and I did for a period of time when the Desert Ridge location was open and they were serving Thai food.But it seems that the menu went from the classics of Thai cuisine to some strange American-Asian fusion which was trying harder to be "stir fry with Thai influence" rather than straight up Thai.So we stopped going and eventually, through no fault of our own, the restaurant closed.We went to Malees down on Main in Old Scottsdale and I had very high hopes.  The soup was good, great flavors, all the right ingredients.However, for the main courses, again, what in the hell is up with the menu?  I kept looking for the Thai classics, but they were really either hidden or nowhere to be found.  Panang, a bit, Mussamon was shockingly absent, but lots of 'fusion-style" dishes and largely pedestrian fare was abundant.This is darned near like going to an Indian restaurant and having no aloo mater, tandoori dishes or naan.If you're looking for a semi-elegant place to bring out of town guests that say they're adventurous eaters but probably aren't, you may find this as an acceptable choice.  If you're a true fan of the Thai classics, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.The service is good, a little rushed and the owner seems to care about the restaurant, but I really won't be returning until Deidre brings back the Thai classics.I don't want a simple, universally-accessible menu.  I want to go on a culinary adventure.  Bring back the adventure and I'll bring you my dining dollars.
4	I was introduced to Thai food today- and have to say that this place was great and informative on the menu selections. I'm really picky when it comes to food in general but was pleased with how awesome my waitress was in explaining everything to me.I ended up ordering the Yoke (pronounced Joke) soup and the Thai Basil Pasta with minced chicken and no tomatoes with the spicy factor one notch down from the spiciest and it was DELISH! I have no competing Thai locales to compare it to, because once again this was my first experience but first impressions last forever and I know I'll be back for more to feed my spicy food palate cravings!
4	I guess Malee's has been around 25 years, but it seems like fifty, and I mean that in a good way.  The restaurant is both venerable and hip enough to comfortably pass as Scottsdale "special occasion" - without breaking the bank.  Is it as uniformly "special" as the finest resort dining room. No. Nobody here is going to fold your napkin into a swan and there's no focal Dale Chihuly wine rack or glorious mountain view. But if you play it smart, a memorable and exotic meal can be had in a charming locale.  Here's my advice, lemongrasshopper:   Make a dinner reservation. Table location and service are better when you do.  True most places, but moreso here .  Get the pot of soup.  Tom Ka Gai is a warming, communal ritual and helps smooth over slow Fri & Sat nite service.  Solicit server recommendations. Most of the menu resonates and Malee's tailors spice level to individual tastes well, but some dishes are consistently better than others.  Do all that, and I'm pretty sure you'll have a nice experience. Walk in cold, take a blind stab at the menu, and you're apt to be less impressed. I like the atmosphere, especially in the main dining room. It's an older building, with low ceilings and residential style rooms. Dimly lit, but not clubby and masculine like Don & Charlies. An unseen piano gently tinkles in the background.  Older couples, younger out of towners, packs of gay foodies, the occasional family celebrating a birthday.  A pleasant, bustling mix.  There are art galleries and holiday lights on Main Street (which is more of a  quiet side street at night) and plenty of parking at dinner time.  Fine choice for a date or before a show,when you're trying to impress someone special with your inscrutable melange of bold yet traditional values - rather than simply with your wallet.
4	My wife and I went here during our vacation last week. The food & atmosphere were both very good.- Tom Kha soup was very good.- We ordered a duck curry dish that was so-so. I think it was mostly just that we didn't like the duck meat itself, so i'm not going to dock malee's itself for that. I don't have duck often and i forget just how...gamey... it tastes. shocking, i know.- Service was goodThe main street itself was dead that night, but this place was hopping. We didn't have a wait though, and this was on a Saturday night.
2	A couple words can easily describe my review on Malee's: oily food, cold & incorrect orders and a cockroach. I first found Malee's Thai Bistro through Groupon.com when they ran their $20 for $40 coupon. My fiance and I are frequent Thai eaters so I thought I would be a good opportunity to get some great food at a discount. Boy was I wrong. First thing you should know is that Malee's is not traditional Thai food. It's Thai with a twist and, in this case, not a good twist. We started with the Spring Rolls. Usually Thai spring rolls are tightly wrapped and not overly fried. These were neither. The rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them. My fiance and I ordered the Thai Basil Pasta no spice and Coco Chile Fish medium spice for the main course. The Thai Basil Pasta came out lukewarm and spicy. The Coco Chile Fish was oily and not spicy. Although both dishes were somewhat tasty, they simply didn't hit the mark. To top it all off, we noticed a cockroach scurrying across the floor as we ate our dinner. Needless to say, we decided to pass on dessert and head home. Do yourself a favor and try other local Thai restaurants. Thai Basil and Lemon Grass Cafe in Tempe blow Malee's out of the water.
3	Malee's has a lot of charm and is located in Old Town Scottsdale, but beyond that, I found it pretty lacking in the great flavor that defines a good Thai restaurant.I went there recently with a few friends for a birthday party. They were all impressed by the decor and very friendly waitresses, but less than enthusiastic about the prices and size of the entrees. The food appears to be more of a "Thai inspired" New American type place than genuine Thai. The complex, intense flavors that I generally associate with Thai food was muted, if not absent. Nothing was too adventurously spiced or interesting. Also, one of my friends is vegetarian and wanted firm rather than soft tofu. The tofu was definitely firm - it was like a tough, chewy sponge. It may have bounced if we'd dropped it on the floor, but I can't be sure...there were so few pieces in the dish that it would have been a crime to drop any for experimental purposes.The place is really a lovely option for people who'd prefer Asian inspired dishes in a pretty, nice part of town with lots to do after dinner. For those accustomed to authentic Thai from our favorite hole in the wall places, it just doesn't quite reach high enough.
4	Simply put, the best Thai I have had in AZ so far. The drunken noodles (ordered HOT) were amazing. Decent drink prices, food was very reasonably priced considering I was able to eat 3 times on their large portion. My comrade had a chicken dish with a red coconut curry sauce, which was also quite tasty. Can't wait to go back and sample more of what Malee's has to offer!
4	omg! huge fan! went with a group of 5 on a friday night. service was great food was even better. make sure you start with a painkiller...yes, thats a drink and its great with spicy food. listen to your server when they explain the different levels of hotness she was quite accurate...our table enjoyed and sampled the veggie thai basil pasta, burma gai my favorite dish of the night best curry i have had! i also enjoyed the j's teriyaki chicken and thai chow-mein. we also started with the chicken satay the peanut sauce was delicious.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant yet. It's not your usual hole in the wall either, it's actually a pretty nice place with good ambiance. I highly recommend the Crispy Basil Chicken. It is FABULOUS! Sweet, crispy, and spicy. Beware of the spice level:MildHot (The heat the average person likes I think)Very Hot (Pretty spicy... my fav)Thai Hot (Too hot for the majority of people)Chef Hot (Only for people who can bare the hottest of the hot!)
3	I know everyone seems to love this restaurant...but I found it to be very average.  I have eaten there with friends a few times and am never super-excited about the food....eh....it's ok......Oh, yeah ...and this was kinda weird...one time I did have a clothes pin in my salad....
3	Maybe way back this place was highly rated but In my opinion this place is just ok and would rate it as a low 3.Pros: - cozy and quaint patio seating- decent number of offerings on the menu- few asian food choices (non-bar) in the old town areaCons:- inconsistent food quality - can't execute basics like Pad Thai?- not really Thai but more fusion/ new american/ arizona/west influences- prices are on the mid-high side
5	My wife and I are big time Malee's fans. The Panang Chicken is by far my favorite, and I've never been able to find another Thai place that can match it. Malee's is always very clean, the wait staff is very courteous and the service is outstanding. I also find the prices very reasonable, considering the generous amount of food you get. Thats another great thing about Malee's, we can never finish our meals so there are always a good amount of leftovers for later!This is not your typical hole-in-the-wall, mom & pop asian place or mongo Chinese buffet, this is a welcoming, quiet, clean little bistro in the heart of old town Scottsdale's art district. If you want a great night out, take a date to the Scottsdale Art Walk on Thursday nights, and top it off with a meal at Malee's
5	I have 3 words for you - Evil Jungle Princess.Yummy!!
3	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. My boyfriend and I eat here quite often and have our traditional christmas eve dinner here.However, I have noticed over the past year that their quality is going done. I don't know if they are buying cheaper ingredients or if the kitchen staff has changed. it's definitely become a hit-or-miss restaurant with some nights being a lot better than others.What ever you used to Malee..do it again1!!
2	It's okay, but that's about it.   I also worry about cleanliness.   When the bathroom is dirty, and it was, I suspect the kitchen is worse.
5	Bought the Groupon for Malee's a few months ago and had my first ever Thai food experience! This place seriously blew my mind, I could not stop talking about it for days. Specifically the Thai Toast and CRISPY BASIL CHICKEN. Thinking about it right now is actually making me hungry. I hate myself for not trying Thai food earlier. I'm not sure how close to traditional Thai fare my meal was, but as far as I'm concerned it was an excellent intro.
3	A lot of people seem to be arguing about authenticity as a gold standard for a good restaurant.  I care a lot more about whether or not the food is interesting enough to justify it's price tag.  At Malee's, I don't think the food is worth it.The food isn't incredible or terrible.  Based on my experience, I'd stay away from sea food - the sea food special I would've paid $20 for (thanks, Groupon!) came out with mushy scallops and shriveled shrimp.  The sauce was tasty, though - spicy without being spicy for spicy's sake.My date's noodle dish was pretty good.  For vegetarians, they use smoked tofu, which is a nice change up if you haven't tried it.  Still, was it worth 4 or 5 bucks more what you could pay for a similar dish at any number of Thai places that aren't in Old Town Scottsdale?In Malee's favor, the environment is really nice.  They offer a full bar, not just beer and wine, which is a rarity for Thai places in the Valley.  They have live music some nights, which is also a great touch.Can't really recommend this place, but can't really advocate steering people away, either.
5	Let's talk about service, because too often it gets criticized...As good as the food was at Malee's, and as much as my wife and I appreciated the ambiance of this restaurant on a rainy night (corner table, next to the fireplace, nicely dim lighting), the service was above and beyond what we could have ever expected.My kudos to the manager for how he handled a minimally awkward situation while we were being seated.  While we didn't think it a big deal, he did, and saw to it that we left with nothing but great memories of his restaurant .  Likewise, our server Dennis did a great job guiding us through our meal.It was our first visit, and won't be our last.  These two guys did a fantastic job, backed by the chef's fine work.  They hit the bullseye on everything, and I really was not expecting it or even looking for it tonight.
2	This place was almost really good but where they failed they failed on such a huge level! The amount of poop in literally every piece of shrimp in our orders of pad Thai was astonishing. If you didn't see the poop in the shrimp the pad Thai would've been really good but unfortunately the poop was extremely prevalent. The chicken lettuce wrap looked amazing but upon tasting, it tasted like you were eating mainly salt. It was extremely overwhelming on that end but the presentation was great. Maybe it was just one day gone terribly wrong in the kitchen but as far as our first dining experience it was fairly disastrous. Out of the five people I was with there seemed to be a complaint from all five of us. I would've been happy with the pad thai once again but when the poop was spotted in every piece of shrimp it absolutely ruined the meal.The staff was awesome though and our waitress was great. No complaints on that end. Only the actual taste of the food and once again...you can't forget the poop!
4	A very fine Thai restaurant in downtown Scottsdale, I had -- *had* to have, really, given the name -- the Evil Jungle Princess, and was not disappointed; my low-carb diet restricts a lot of Asian food from my menu, so it's nice to have something that isn't larded with rice or noodles.The only downside we experienced was the intense noise inside because it was Art Walk Thursday, and all the neighborhood eateries were packed.
4	One of the best Thai in the valley!  I'm not sure how high it would be on the authentic Thai scale; however, they have some yummy creative dishes . . .crispy basil chicken.  A friend got the Bombay curry and Thai ice tea, which she thought was delicious.  Surprisingly, there was no wait on a Saturday night.  Ambiance was great.  The menu had a wide variety of dishes.
4	I love this place. The people are super nice. I usually get Tom ka Gai, Pad Thai, basil chicken, or crispy fish with a sauce on top ( forgot the name). Those are my fav's!  I can't wait to go back. Oh and they have cooking classes here that I would love to try. :)
4	we to the amazing Thai bistro on a Friday night. the food was great. i had gluten free seafood curry. very spicy. we had a large party and they were very accommodating. we sat at the bar waiting for our friends and some how they handed out free shots! bonus for my friends that drink. i will be going back and enjoying this great place! they do have a gluten free!!!!
2	I've been twice now.  Both times the food quality was just average.  I dock an additional star for being overpriced.The basil crispy chicken just didn't work for me.  Maybe it's their execution, but the "flash frying" of the basil just creates a bitter flavor that ruins the dish.The pad thai was very average.  I know it's not an adventurous thai dish, but I had a hankering for it and was disappointed that it wasn't better.I do like the atmosphere, and the service was solid.  I liked Phuket, a beer I don't remember having had before.The tables on the sidewalk are dog-friendly.
5	This may have been the best Thai food we have had. The restaraunt was clean, well appointed, and the service was excellent. We tried four small plates, and an appetizer. All but one were exceptional, and one was average.  The food was spicy as we had ordred it, and the portions were generous.  We will be going back for a second try this week- something we rarely do.
4	This is probably one of my favorite spots in Oldtown.  I definitely enjoy the the Thai food here and plus the atmosphere is really chill and homey.  Service was never a problem here every time I go.  My favorite is the Basil Crispy CK....so simple to make but I love it.  Date place? Sure why not :)
4	Good food, good atmosphere.  Service....a big meh.  Coming in as a party of one sat in the corner gets you ignored.  I was not impressed with the fact that the waiter took the order from the table of reasonably attractive females right next to me and then walked off failing to notice my existence.  It took another guy on the floor who happened to walk into the area to ask if I'd been helped yet.  I didn't see my guy until he went to check up on the ladies and then asked if my meal was "hot enough" (guessing someone told the pony-tailed slob that he'd missed his table).  I then only saw him again when it was time for the bill (and I had to wait about 10 minutes for that after the bus person had taken my plate away).  He still got a greater than 10% tip...which is more than was deserved I do believe.  Other than that...I thought the Pad Thai I had, small serving, ordered "medium spicy" was quite flavorful and still had more of a kick than I was expecting.  Maybe when my wife and I visit some other time the slobs will pay attention...they apparently only have eyes for the female species (really tempted to only give 3 stars...the service really ticked me off).  I was tempted with the drink menu...but decided I'd been spending too much on "food out" lately so stuck w/ just the water.  Anxious to try a couple drinks on the menu though.
5	This is certainly my favorite place in the valley to get good Thai food!  The flavors are fantastic!  I never leave still hungry!
3	I wish they would let me give it 3 and a half stars.  Went here for the first time this past Sunday as a treat for the bf who loves Thai (Asian is usually the last type of food i will choose, but he Loves it!).  To start, we shared the Touch of Thai, a shared appetizer with 2pcs each of 6 different apps.  The apps were all good (average-ish) but my favorites were the Thai Toast and Siamese Kisses which were exceptionally tasty! The server was very thorough in explaining the apps and their appropriate dipping sauces.  We then ordered a full-size dinner of Ginger Chicken to share, mild (i am a wimp), but got the hot sauces on the side for the man.  It was really good. We are both fans of ginger and this was a really  nice, light dish to follow a mostly fried-foods appetizer.  The capers added flavor that was nice against the earthy/meatyness of the mushroom.  Coconut ice cream to share for dessert was perfect.  Oh! I almost forgot to talk about the beverages!  I had the Mai Thai, which was delicious as far as Mai Tais go. The bf got the Thai Cosmo... This drink is not for the meek.  It is made from a chili-infused vodka, and it is every bit as spicy as they warn you. It was good though and i thought it was a unique and fun drink to try. Overall, the atmosphere was nice, service was friendly and knowledgeable, and food/drink was above average.  I didn't find it too expensive as we had drinks, 2 courses to share and dessert for under $50.  Maybe not a weekly venture, but definitely somewhere i will keep in the rotation and recommend!
4	Malee's has awesome Thai food, and the drinks are just as amazing!  I just heard about this place recently, so last night, my boyfriend and I decided to try it out.  For my drink, I ordered a Painkiller, which was delicious and went down way too easy.  The blend of light and dark rum was perfect.  (Needless to say, I ended up ordering a second.)We ordered the Touch of Thai appetizer so that we could try out several different things.  The best thing was the Chicken Satay, and a close second was the Crab Rangoons.  The plate came with a slew of dipping sauces, which were all explained in great detail by our server.  (The entire staff was very attentive... one of the best experiences I've ever had!)For my meal, I ordered the Shrimp in a Clay Pot (a seasonal dish), which came with glass noodles.  It was very good, but I think next time, I'll try something a bit more flavorful.  My boyfriend got the Drunken Dragon Noodles and loved them!  I like the fact that their menu offers "small plates" of several dishes, which is nice when you want to have an appetizer along with your main dish.Overall, Malee's is a great (not cheap, but not too pricey) Thai place in Old Town Scottsdale!
5	Soooooooo yummy! This place has been here forever and for VERY good reason. Top-notch service, authentic Thai cuisine, and a great location. It really doesn't get much better. The atmosphere is also very nice. You can sit in the main dining room, a more quiet room or the bar. Whichever you prefer. I highly recommend the Pad Thai if you are new to Thai food. If you are looking for something more exciting, try the Tom Ka Gai soup, Crispy Basil Chicken or Coco Chili Fish.And for the record, ask for your server to be Cassie. She's been there a while and knows the menu like the back of her hand. Fabulous service.The bar makes a pretty mean cocktail, too. And you can order take-out! Thai on the Fly!
2	Passable food, but overpriced by a LOT.  Not going there again.  :\
4	I really love Malee's and the food is always good. I've been there quite a few times and i have to say that there have been some changes. The negative changes are that the portion sizes are smaller and that the waitstaff is a little pushy sometimes. Neither of these things is overwhelmingly awful, but I wish they hadn't gone this direction. When I first started going here about 6 years ago each entree could easily feed 3 or 4 people if you ordered a couple of dishes and went family style. Now they feed maybe 2. It's obviously not a huge change but one that I've seen happen at other places when the begin to slip. Now for the positives. Their dishes used to be very mellow as far as spices went and they have definitely kicked the spice up a bit which I love ,not that you can't get it mellow anymore they just have more spice options. and They had some really tasty drinks both alcoholic and non. Overall I still love this place and will continue to come back.
5	Yes my favorite place.  I first went there when it opened 20 years ago.  Still it's always consistent, always just great!  The thai tea is a gotta have.  I like the Tom ka gai soup.   THe clear noodles are my favorite.  I can never pronounce it, and just go with the waiters recommendation if you don't understand.  I like a little spicy, so just let them know how you want it.  I highly recommend this place.  Give it try....
3	The riped mango slices add an extra dimension to a traditional Papaya salad dish. Typically traditional papaya salad (Lao original) is garlicky, lemony sour and pepper varied hot.  The way this dish was made lacked all of those 3 features but the sustitution by the ripe mangos solved that issue and gave it the flavor that it need. By design, I expected that was the intention of this Americanized dish: the individual ingredients thrown in separately and not blended in until it softened, stripped away the traditional spice and saucy elemental aspects of it and you  have something different for a change that the mostly non-minority American diners would enjoy. The papaya salad is usually regarded as an appetizer; a feminine dish usually made by a female(it is also blasphemous for a male cook to make it, and I don't want to know).  But this happened to be the best dish that I experienced at this place. The others were pad thai and some chicken mix with brocolli. Both tasted very Americanized. The pad thai is reminescent of a take out of the "Panda Place", not bad but not special.Overall, by design -Americanized Thai, that attempts to tone done the flavors of the dish and the way ingredients are prepared , it creates a different twist on traditional dishes.  It had to because , for example, you can't throw preserve fish sauce into these dishes like you would in an authentic Thai restaurant that would fume the whole place. In my opinion, I wouldn't call this type of food a downgrade , maybe a "Fusion" and maybe it's lost and that's unfortunate because it needs a direction\ standing of its own.  My group received attentive and high level of services and the ambience of the place is noteworthy; both these factors exceeded the food experience . Parking may be a walk since you are in old town Scottsdale.Based on individual preference , looking at the food alone, this would not be a place I would repeatedly come; it does not provide traditional flavors in the sense that Lao Thai or Thai Esan or Thai Hut does for the same price and nor does it expect one to follow traditional eating ettiquette that is an essence of food from this region. But it would be a place I take those who can't stomach the traditional flavors, I would have to eat a little before coming here.
3	Authentic Thai, no.  Tasty food and good times, yes.When I'm in Scottsdale, for business, one of my clients loves to bring me here for happy hour.  We order up a bunch of apps and whatever bottles of wine the bartender recommends.  The bartender alone gets 5 stars from me.  He's always chatty and remembers our preferences...not to mention he's always got the wine bottles ready for us. On our last visit, we had the pla bites, mango spring rolls and basil chicken.  All were good, but nothing to wow me.  I'm not even sure how this place gets billed as authentic.  But hey, I guess I won't knock them.  All I can say is that Malee's serves up tasty grinds, regardless of authenticity.
4	The first time I ever had Thai Food was at this restaurant ten years ago. Malee's was one of the first good Thai restaurants around at that time in Arizona. Thai food was just starting to gain popularity. I remember their dishes being spicy, creamy, and delicious! This love for Thai food progressed and ranges from traditional dishes and hole in the walls to fusion fine dining. Malee's will always be a first that I'll never forget.
2	Overall decent.For the price this place is average.  I guess in DC they have significantly better Thai.  The rice wasn't even very good.  Pad Thai has an aftertaste akin to dog food.  Milkbone's to be exact.Purchased Pad Thai and some mixed veggies and some special new dish shrimp and calamari peppercorn ....  We were starving and it still left something to be desired.  I'm sure some people will think this place is awesome and thats understandable,  I just think there are other places I will be visiting before heading back to this food.
3	After being in Scottsdale for a couple days and eating mediocre food, I had high hopes for this place and thought it would brighten my food experience.  Also, I was just really craving some good ass pad thai.  Sadly, I was let down.  The staff was nice and friendly, but my food was not that good.  First off, I asked for the peanuts to be put on the side, but it was mixed in.  When I took my first bite, everything was just so grainy and overwhelmingly flavored.  It's almost as though sand was mixed in and everything that would make pad thai taste the way it should was just put in to high extreme.
5	I've been to Malee's three or four times, and each time I left full, satisfied, and feeling a lovely burn in my mouth.  Being in love with the Chicken Panang, it is the only dish I have ordered, but I have had bites of the Drunken Dragon Noodles, Crispy Basil Chicken, and Tamarind Chicken, and they are all exceptional - especially when made Very Hot or Thai Hot.  Service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice.  If I lived closer I would visit more often, but the trek to Scottsdale and the higher-than-average price make it easy for me to save Malee's for a monthly trip.  If you haven't been yet, you should.  Your mouth will thank me!
5	Just ate here last night for a Girl's Night Out. I admit, I was uber skeptical when the bestie said Thai.  So happy I put on my big-girl-panties and went along.I ordered the Hippy Noodles and they were FAB! The served offered the tofu smoked or fried and I went with his recommendation of fried (not my best choice).  But the rest of the dish... wow.  It was one of those meals that I once I took the first bite, I didn't look up until I had shoveled all of into my face. After finishing almost the whole plate, I was satisfied, not full or uncomfortable.  That's the great thing about it - it was light and I could enjoy more than three bites.  :)Tasted my girlfriend's Jalepeno Fried Rice, which was also totally d-lish.  Someone else ordered the Glass-something Noodles and said they were awesome as well.  She added chicken.  The other three girls all ordered the Chow Mein, and said it was good, but no specific comments there.It's at a great price, with an awesome & attentive staff.  The ambience is perfection and the location can't be beat.  I'm pretty excited to eat here again... just making a mental list of people I can talk into going!  :)
4	Returned back in July with the wife this time to see if she enjoyed what I thought was a very good Pad Thai.  She agreed.  We have found our Thai place if we feel up to a little trip (Scottsdale is a little bit of a jaunt from home).  The service was much better this time.  Granted...it was late afternoon also...just a few tables...but it was all good.
3	Very attentive service.  Food was pretty good (though not to SF standards).  Very reasonably priced.  And busy for a Monday!
3	I have to be honest Yelpers, I think you led me astray. You said the Drunken Noodles and Crispy Chicken Basil were great... but I thought they were just so-so. I think they have other gems on their menu. Don't get me wrong, the quality of the ingredients was great! But the items just felt "americanized" ... and I like the hardcore stuff! Service is very attentive and friendly. It seems they have daily specials (Monday included discounts on wine bottles), and they also have a nice seasonal menu that included mangos & sounded very appetizing. The environment was very comfortable, and the place had a healthy flow of people, suggesting that there's some consistency. I'll be back to try more soon!
3	My wife loves this restaurant and I know many friends who love it, too, so I'm sorry I have to give Malee's only 3 stars.  Here's why...  I last visited Malee's for a business lunch with a client.  He is very familiar with Thai food, so he knew exactly what he wanted from the menu and ordered it with "medium" spiciness (also called 2 stars).  We had the salad first, which my client said was good, but not excellent.  Upon trying his meal, however, he said the food was too spicy to even enjoy...far beyond "medium."  It was so spicy he actually would not eat another bite.  The server kindly offered to bring him a different item on the menu, which he accepted, but I felt the damage was already done.  I had recommended this restaurant, and it was a disappointment to my client.  Then, after my client's new meal was delivered, it became very difficult to get our server's attention again.In the future, I would just keep in mind that Malee's dishes are served spicier than you might normally expect, and then hopefully avoid the experience I had last week.
5	This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant anywhere!   The food is incredible as is the atmosphere!  The service is also top notch!  I highly recommend their Pad Thai and Tropical Pineapple, but everything I've tried from here has been very memorable!  The portions are large too, which is good since you won't want to put your fork down!  Just beware, once you try Malee's you will start to crave it ALL the time - it's that yummy.  Woohoo! As good as it gets!
2	I was pretty stoked to try this out, everyone recommended them as authentic good Thai food.  The Laab Chicken I ordered was anything but authentic, and not tasty.  I may give them another chance, but it seems that they (maybe shrewdly) accommodate to the American tongue: and if you know your Thai food truly, you probably will not be psyched.  If you are looking for a first entry into Thai food, possibly an OK place.
4	I'm a huge fan of their coconut soup with shrimp.  And I love their Thai Iced Teas....best Thai food in AZ!
2	Me and the lovely went here on a Groupon buy and I so wanted to love it. Sorry to say we did not. We were seated by a very friendly host, next to a map of Thailand painted on the wall and the bar opposite. I felt a little like I'd been put in the back 40. Waiter was nice but a little clueless; I asked for a reco on what the house did best. He totally stammered and stared at his feet and finally said 'a lot of people get the whole fish'. Not wowed. A nice wine list helped but I have had better Thai food elsewhere. No kefir lime leaves in the Panang, no fresh basil...I get it was their version but I didn't think it was great and neither did the lovely. To top it off, stammering waiter man/boy brings the check and says did you want anything for desert? Um. No thanks. It would have been a pricey meal had we not had the Groupon [$40 food for $20]. $52 plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere? I say, meh.
2	I feel sorry for people who think this is as good as Thai food gets. They have no idea what they are missing out on.  After several days of eating Italian and American food, we decided to go "Asian" and chose Malee's based on the high average Yelp rating.My first impression was good.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance and the service is pretty good.  But I was shocked when I saw the menu.   The prices are outrageous.  It ended up costing $62 for 3 people.  I'm pretty sure I could've gotten the same amount of food for half the price at any Thai restaurant in LA.We ordered Crab Rangoon, Tom Ga Kai soup, Calamari salad, and Roasted Duck Curry.  The Crab Rangoon lacked crab and the sauce did not go well with the fried dumpling.  One of my pet peeves is when a restaurant defaults to white meat chicken without asking me for my opinion. News Flash! There are many of us out there who prefer the juiciness and tenderness of dark meat chicken.  Anyway, the Tom Ga Kai had all white meat chicken and it tasted dry and flavorless. Furthermore, the soup was too thick and was more like a stew.  The soup base itself was far too sweet.  I order this soup at every Thai restaurant I go to so I think I've had it enough times to be able to say that this one was the worst.   I am also a huge fan of Roasted Duck Curry and this was the worst Roasted Duck Curry I've had at a Thai restaurant anywhere.  Even though this was not a good Roasted Duck Curry, we all agreed that it was the best thing we ordered.  How sad.
4	Walking into the restaurant doesn't even seem like going to a Thai restaurant.  The servers were Caucasian.  In the middle of Old Scottsdale, it has a ritzy feel to it.  It has more of a contemporary Thai-American fusion atmosphere.   The price is a bit hefty for a Thai restaurant.  It reminds me of PF Chang for Chinese food.We had the soft shell crab for the appetizer and the duck curry and the coco chili fish for the main course.  The soft shell crab is made from a whole soft shell crab including the shell attached and tempera battered which made the crab very crunchy.  Every part of the crab was edible.  The mixture of the crunchy tempera batter and the sweet tangy cucumber mae ploy sauce was delectable.  The duck from the duck curry dish was so tender that it tasted like butter. The red curry had pineapple in it. I ordered a 4 for the duck curry, but it wasn't as spicy as some of the other Thai places were.  So if you like HOT food, then be sure to ask for 5+.  The coco chili fish is a battered white fish deep fried covered in a peanut sauce.  It was one of their signature dishes.  I enjoyed the flavoring of the fish.  The batter absorbed the sauce very well that created a unique combination.  It went quite well together.  I recommend this place with a love for Thai food and an openness to trying new things.
5	Its one of the first places started going to when I came to Phoenix five years ago and Ive never had a bad meal. Sometimes the servers get busy, sometimes its loud but overall its awesome. Noticed a couple of wanna be clown restaurant critics gave weak reviews based on their warped version of a Thai Restaurant. If they wanted 100% Thai then write one from Thailand where you can get it off the street or down to Thai Hut on McDowell which are both awesome. I like fusion and hot. Half these people would be calling an ambulance after dinner if they new authentic Thai. If you want a great fusion of what works in Scottsdale and sometimes requires reservation because it works so well then head on over to Malee's. Ginger Broccoli, Cashew Chicken..its all good. I love this place and it gets five stars.John
3	Malee's on Mill is solid, reasonably-priced, standard Thai fare.
3	Was alright. Was quite good, but we've eaten better thai food. Portions are quite large, almost everyone left with a box. We ordered 'regular' spicy level but that was quite spicy! The arizona heat and the panang curry had the same color sauce/gravy - maybe they added some color? I was hoping for more coconut milk in my curry though!
5	My husband and I were visiting from Los Angeles.  So surprised to find a good Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.  I was also happy to see my favorite Green Curry to be on their menu.  I thought their dishes would be "Americanized", but they were very good Thai food.
5	Outrageously good thai food in Scottsdale with great service to match.  Our waiter went out of his way to make our large group feel welcome.  He even had a dish made that was not on the menu. Try the Jalapeno fried rice, pad thai,and special fried fish. The fish is fried with a tast coconut spicy chili sauce.  The chicken dish that is fried and then a dark garlicky sauce on top is sublime.  Coconut shrimp appetizer and tom yum soup was a hit with the group as well.They have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good.  As for spice level we had mild to hot at our table based on the spice level that we asked for.  The waiter did not miss a beat and we were so glad we went to this place.
4	12-26-10By the time I knew it , Christmas day was over and I was craving  Thai food.  My husband knew I can't last more than three days without it.  So we started searching for a Thai restaurant and Malee's Thai came up.  It was close to our hotel as I discovered, the owner is an American woman.  I was so excited to find out how she did it.Upon entering the restaurant, it took awhile for the hosts to come out and seat us.  The restaurant has nice simple decor, casual elegant more than most Thai restaurant.About the food:  We order dumplings, soft shell crab, and crab Rangoon. I thought the dipping sauce was very good.  My husband thought it was so-so.  I order crispy chicken with garlic and basil , with steamed rice.  The sauce in chicken was very unique.  I liked it.  I would put her restaurant into Asian Fusion category.  Much, much better  than PF Chang!!Overall Malee's Thai was a pleasant dining experience.  We will come back if we are in the area and try some other dishes.
4	One of my fav's. Fresh and can't get enough.
4	I ate here for the hundredth time and this time had the glass noodles. It has vegetables and I added fried Tofu. De-lish!
5	We've been going to spring training for 8 years now and have never missed a night at Malee's during that time. The food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic. Its not a quite romantic setting but the atmosphere is lively and the staff are really friendly. Order anything on the menu and you wont be dissapointed. Only complaint is that there often isn't enough room left for more beer.
4	Malee's is the right mix of ambiance, comfort and good food. Tastewise, Malee's entrees are as good as any American-versions of Thai meals, but don't exceed some authentic Thai restaurants in town (e.g. Thai Lahna). The Spring Veggie rolls are a nice warm-up, polished off with some excellent Zinfandel. Most of the curry dishes I've had at Malee's have been very good, and they can surely bring the heat if you have the tolerance. Malee's staff is always courteous and attentive, and the atmosphere in Malee's is just right for enjoying a dinner out with friends, or a romantic night out with a loved one. It's one of the staples to my rotating lineup of deserving restaurants in the Valley.
5	My husband, Justin, has been coming here for nearly 8 years now and I have been coming here for 4 years. Malee's was the first Thai food I ever had and I have since tried it at many places but no where is as good as Malee's. Justin always gets the Pad Thai no matter where we have Thai at and in the past 8 years there have been many but none stand up to Malee's. When we go I ALWAYS try something different, and it normally rocks!! The one time I ordered something and it came out weird for me, the manager actually took care of me personally and that meant alot to me. On Valentine's Day we went to Malee's and we actually got to talk to the lady who owns Malee's so that was super cool. Ok so if your into fish, or even if your not LOL The Pla platter is AMAZING!!! I would recomend this to anyone. Also the Chicken Satay is the best around. And as I said above if you like Pad Thai this is the only place to get it :)The deserts here are wonderful too. The last couple times we have gone they have had the mango and jackfruit cheese cake. Basically little cheesecake tarts in a wonton wrapper topped with mango and jackfruit. Very delish!!! I would and do recomend this place to anyone looking for great Thai food. I will be a customer of Malee's for a very long time.Also the atmospere is really laid back. I have went there in a dress and heels, and I have also gone in jean shorts and flip flops LOL
3	Have you noticed many of the Yelpers who did not have a great experience at Malee's got a response from the owner or manager discounting their experience?  That's insane.  Nothing is perfect.  Not every customer is going to have the best food in their life.  Everyone's tastes are different.  That means no owner or manager has the right to disregard what a paying customer has to say.  Take the information you're so lucky to receive and learn and grow from it.  I had to get that off my chest.I liked the food here, but the service was lackluster.  Just because you close at 10 doesn't mean you should turn the bright lights on and turn off the music as a cue to the diners who just got their food to hurry up and get out.  If you want to be closed up and left the building by the closing time on the door, then you shouldn't seat people an hour before closing.  We were on our way out when I saw this happen to a couple other tables.  The food was good.  Americanized Thai food.  I'd go back if someone asked me, but I don't foresee myself having any Malee's cravings.
4	This review is for the cooking class...I was told about this class by my favorite Thai joint in Chandler. My mom and I went not really knowing what to expect.The class is held on a Staurday. When Chris called to confirm our reservation he made sure to let us know that a cab my be needed to take us home...sounds good to me.The classroom is small seating about 20 people at the most. There were mimosas waiting for us. The class started with introductions to the variuos Thai cooking ingredients. I found this information so interesting. How do you know which fish sauce to buy, what the different pastes smell and taste like, how to grow your own Lemongrass and so much more. We started by making Siamese Kisses. It was all hands on and really fun. The next was a fresh red curry paste. Then we compared the fresh to the store bought brand. What a difference!The Arizona Heatwave was next. So Delish. The final dish was Asian Pumpkin Custard.We tasted everything along the way and then they served us HUGE portions of the items for lunch with a Champange paring.The Chamange paring was also very informative and the pours were never ending. He was right about having a DD lined up...The staff really cares about the food they produce and will make any dietary adjustments you may need.I really had a great time.
3	Located on a road that has more art galleries then you can imagine. Enjoy a walking art tour after dinner.Table seating is a little crowded.Service is attentive.Has a small bar to have a drink at while you wait for a table, make a reservation as this restaurant stays busy.The menu has a large selection and the prices are good.I tried two of the three soups on the menu. Both had good flavor and the size is more then you can eat. For appetizer the 4 of shared the spring rolls that were fair and a soft shell crab that I think should have been cooked a little longer. Overall not a bad place if you are in the mood for Thai food.
5	Excellent food and service. The waitress was very knowledgeable about Thai food (knows the difference between Americanized and semi-authentic Thai dishes). We ordered Drunken noodles (lots of thai basil and keffir lime leaves), basil chicken and a red curry with white rice. All dishes were cooked perfectly. Extremely intimate seating allows you to make new friends :)Visited many art galleries (on the same street). Very lively atmosphere. Would definitely visit again.
3	For Americanized Thai, this food was good enough.  None of the main dishes wowed me.  And since we were a group of about 6, we got to try many dishes.  I prefer hole in the wall Thai restaurants with cooks who are actually Asian. BUT, the The Tom Ka Gai soup was AWESOME.   Fairly inexpensive for the amount we got.  The Tempura Veggies were also very good....(well the sauce is really what made it very good)I am only in town for another few weeks and I plan to go back JUST for the soup.
5	I crave their jalapeno fried rice. AMAZING!
5	Alright, I was up in the Phoenix area from Tucson for an overnight trip and I had some time to head to Scottsdale for a bite to eat.  Used yelp to find this joint and, wow, what a fantastic meal.  I went for the "fish candy" which was spectacular, but go for the half plate.  Plus, they have Anchor Steam in bottles!  I can never pass that up.
5	This was one of my first restaurants i went to in phoenix and it was a treat!! The crispy vietnamese rolls with the mint and lettuce and sauce...yum yum yum...and the pla is amazing...its crispy fish with this sweet sauce...of course the pad thai is fabulous and the tom kai gai soup (spelling ????)  Is a great starter for the table...also the evil jungle princess and all curry dishes are phenomenal...its nice b/c its on main street in old town scottsdale and you czn take a nice walk around before and after dinner or lunch...try the mango and sticky rice when it is in season...my sister thinks this is the best part of the meal...hehe...its a nice date place and more upscale...the staff is very nice and just a nice environment...
2	Don't go!! We had four dishes total (including Pad Thai, Tum Yum and scallops and basil, and all had a red (tomato looking) stock base. It was strange. Food was not very good and this writer was confused about the many good reviews of the past. Caveat emptor!! Something has changed.  And Again I say, Don't go!!!
5	Best Thai we've ever had! As a resident of Scottsdale and walking distance from the bistro, we have taken all of our out of town guests to have their wonderful thai and experience their fabulous atmosphere. The Pad Thai and crispy pesto ginger chicken is amazing! The service is wonderful. On Monday nights, they have live music. If you would like to be near the music, I would encourage a reservation. Definitely worth a visit!
5	The best meal I've had in a long time. Absolutely spectacular!
5	Did you know that Malee's on Main offers cooking classes!?  They offer them twice a month during tourist season and once per month during the rest of the year.  I attended two weeks ago, and it was OUTSTANDING!  Not only did we learn to cook Thai (which, incidentally, it was significant to learn that Thai gets its flavor by layering is sauces), but we were given the recipes for some of the signature dishes, served tastings, a meal, and wine pairings, and we were even given goody bags.  It was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with another foodie!
3	Enjoyed sitting out on the patio listening to some live music from the Thursday night art walk.The soup was AMAZING.  Very delicious.I hated my meal- Arizona Heat or something- a red and coconut curry.  It had tons of black and white pepper and I couldn't even eat it.  My friend had the yellow curry.  I also did not like the peppery flavor.The waiter didn't even offer to take it off the bill even though I had only taken one bite.If it was not for the soup and the ambiance I would give this place one star.  :)
4	First time here and food was very, very good....very authentic.
2	Thai restaurant? Y'all already know what your girl, Angela ordered. (Pad Thai, of course!) For it being on the Lunch Special menu, it was pretty pricey. $9.99 for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad. I chose and loved the soup, it had a strong ginger taste, and I love me some ginger!Given it's Scottsdale, where I assume food is a little bit pricier, I won't dwell on the $9.99. But I can honestly say, that the Pad Thai (with shrimp and chicken) was super dry. You could see the clumpy paste of a sauce they put on the dish, and the chicken, yikes! Very, Very dry.The flavoring was fine, but just toooooooooo dry! I wanted to pour water over the noodles! Towards the end, I was dipping my chicken into my friend's curry as an attempt to soften up the chicken, but it didn't work :(
3	I must say with respect for the Thai culture, this resturaunt did slightly impress me with one of their chicken curry dishes, service was pleasant, and I do believe I shall return.
4	So far, my absolute favorite Thai restaurant, and I don't live in AZ any longer.  Los Angeles restaurants need to learn a thing or two about Thai food.  Sorry, just weak links out here (I'm still looking, though).  I've sampled ALL of Malee's appetizers over the years, and they make the BEST chicken satay anywhere.  They also make a wonderful entree called Evil Jungle Princess.  I just love that dish, and nobody even comes close to making anything that good out here.  I'm so disappointed.  Oh, and their Tom Kha Kai soup was also excellent, although I have been able to duplicate that in CA.  Anyway, it is always a must go-to restaurant when I am in Phoenix.
5	Best Tom Yum Soup! GREAT customer service!Always FRIENDLY!
4	Brooke and I were walking around in 110 degree weather when we caught notice of a little happy hour sign outside a nondescript building. We noticed $3.50 well/wine/beer specials along with $5.50 appetizers and 3 for $20 entrees and knew we had  to return as soon as the sun went down. We were absolutely pleased when we walked inside and were promptly seated in a chic, yet not stuffy or snobby, restaurant. The house chardonnay was perfect for winding down after a sweaty day and the food was delicious. I definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls (such fluffy noodles!) and the fried tofu was amazing. The service was professional and attentive and the atmosphere calm and welcoming.
4	Best Thai in the Valley!  Great service and ok decor.  Love that you can chose heat level.  Food is always fresh.  Love the cooking classes too.
4	Malee's is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley!  The atmosphere is much nicer than many other Thai restaurants that I've been to and the curry can't be beaten.  My favorite is the Arizona Heatwave, which I typically order "very spicy" with tofu.  To translate, "very spicy" at Malee's means that there's good flavor and spice for someone who typically likes spicier food without being so overpowering that one's mouth is simply burning so badly that the actual flavors of the food are masked.  The dinner portion is definitely quite a bit larger than the lunch portion, so if you're looking to take leftovers home, you'll want the larger size.  The tofu spinach pot stickers are also a great appetizer and are served with a variety of tasty dipping sauces.  The only real negative that I've encountered food-wise is the peanut dressing that comes on the salads by default.  It's so heavy and the salad is just drowning in dressing to the point that it's impossible to taste the salad itself.  That problem is easily remedied, however, by asking for the sesame ginger dressing which is much lighter.While I've never attended, Malee's offers cooking classes once a month at which they provide instruction on how to make some of their signature dishes.  It sounds like fun, but my logic is why go through the trouble of cooking the food myself when I can just go to Malee's and have a great meal while someone else does the work!
4	Beautiful decoration and great service. We had one of the chicken dishes with curry and some noodles (devil combination?). Anyway their medium spicy is really good, I can only imagine that next level is a total respiratory system clean up. If you like Thai this is a must!
4	Great food, fresh, flavorful. Relaxed efficient service.
4	I usually get the same thing here. I'm"m a creature of habit. I had the summer rolls and drunken dragon noodles. The summer rolls are fantastic. I love their peanut sauce they serve with it. The drunken dragon noodles were the perfect level of spicy tonight. I had it regular hot. I've ordered it Thai hot before and believe you me....I started tearing up it was so hot. I've had their dinner salad and Thai iced tea here before too. Both were very good. The only thing I don't like about this place is the noise level. It's just one open large dining area with the tables so closely together so extremely noisy.
3	If your looking for pricey upscale Thai, and not so much authentic, this is the place for you. Unfortunately I had the seafood curry that woke me up about 5 hours later with a bad stomach ache.
3	Great food. Not very expensive.
4	I would highly recommend the drunken dragon noodles, but don't ask for them too hot!  Yummy!
4	Delicious food! i got the burma gai. It was fabulous! service was great. restaurant is very pretty and very clean! will definitely come here next time i'm in scottsdale!
4	A Vegetarian delight!  A friend of mine turned me on to the Malee's Thai cooking class, and I decided to give it a try this weekend.  I am so glad I did.  The class itself was very informative, and really opened my eyes to the huge selection of vegetarian options at Malee's.  Most importantly they gave me information on how to cook my own Thai vegetarian cuisine, and the best places in town to find the ingredients. During the class they take you through about 5 recipes, and then provide sampling for the dishes as you go.   After the class you sit down for a full meal of the items presented in the class, along with wine pairing.  It was such a great experience, because I was able to try several dishes at once.  Most of these dishes I would probably never order, because I would assume they were not vegetarian. I was particularly taken back by the peanut curry, it was amazing!  If you dine at Malee's, keep in mind that just about everything on the menu can be made gluten free or vegetarian, just ask.  Finally, I would highly recommend the cooking class, you leave with a good understanding of the basics of Thai cooking, a goodie bag, and a full stomach!
2	The soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend. I've had it better at a Chinese restaurant in CO.
5	Great thai food. I ordered the vodka colada, coconut shrimp,  tom ka gai for the table, and the slow roasted duck curry as my entree. Everything we tried was delicious. The tom ka gai was spicy just enough heat to the warm the back my throat. The service is nice and prompt.
4	I had the pleasure of visiting this cute little establishment for a belated birthday dinner and it was like happy birthday to me all over again! I had the soft shell crab as the starter and while the crab was okay the cucumber dipping sauce it was served with was amazing! For my entree I had the tropical pineapple dish that was another amazing concoction of shrimp, scallops and mussels in a sweet coconut curry sauce served in half a pineapple. It was scrumptious and I don't even like coconut!
5	My husband and I been going to Malee's for such a long time and really love it. Deirdre, the Owner is such a warm and wonderful person. We finally went to one of the cooking classes this afternoon which was bought for us a a gift from my daughter, Andrea. We really enjoyed it and it was well worth it. Learned so much about Thai cooking. We learned how to make Crispy Basil Chicken, Red Thai Curry Paste, Roasted Chili Reduction Sauce & Tom Ka Gai Soup. Everything was so delicious. Anybody wanting to try some Thai food need to go to Malee's. Their CoCo Chili Fish & Drunken Dragon Noodles are favorites of our's.  Thanks Deirdre, Chis & Meche for making our cooking lesson memorable. We definitely will have to do it again.Erma
5	I love Malee's! Some of my fave's are: Tom Ka Gai, Pad Thai, Basil Chicken, and Lemon Grass Chicken to name a few. I would definitely eat here again and I hope you do too.:)
5	Fantastic food and great service. The candy fish was exquisite. The pad Thai is also very nice.
2	Thai??? Really?? I love Thai food and couldn't be happier to try a new restaurant. Wow! It was a slap in the face on so many levels. The 2 hostesses were the rudest I have had the displeasure of having to interact with. We ordered take out and as we waited for out food from the kitchen the hostesses made us uncomfortable... As if we were imposing on there entry.The food was not spectacular. We ordered pad Thai , was very dry but not horrible. The sweet or sour beef was watery and seemed more like fajita with way too many peppers. No  sticky rice, green papaya salad, Larb...
2	In town for business, I picked this place based on other's reviews.  It was strange to be in an Americanized Thai Restaurant.  I've always had the best experiences in traditional, shopping center or strip mall Thai spots but thought since I was in Scottsdale, I would try mainstream and wasn't impressed.  I order the veggie summer rolls with smoked tofu (which I've never seen on a menu), thinking it would be nice to try something new.  The portion size was good, however, it was mostly glass noodles and lettuce with once slim piece of tofu and minimal carrots.  The peanut hosin sauce was pretty good, but tasted of BBQ sauce more than peanut.I chose the Arizona Heatwave as my main entree with fried tofu and medium hot.  The spicyness of the dish was pretty good however, there was more curry sauce than anything else in the bowl.  I'm accustomed to getting large chunks of peppers, onions, bamboo shoots and carrots but there were hardly any vegetables besides celery.  Tofu was plentiful but I ordered the dish for the veggies.I'm thinking I may have gone here on an off night because the meal didn't live up to my expectations based on other's experiences.
2	Thai fusion is more like it.I love Thai food but Malee's is more Thai fusion.  Don't come here if you're looking for authentic Thai food. The food is alright, there are dishes on the menu that you won't find in normal thai cuisine like the Crispy Calamari Salad, although it was good.They pump up the AC so the room is freezing and I think the building is old because the acoustics are awful. You can hear every conversation in the room and it's all echoing so you won't be able to hear yourself think!If you don't mind less than average Thai food, freezing conditons and lots of noise than Malee's is the place for you.  I probably won't be back...
5	Found this place on Yelp and glad I did. We ordered the rib appetizer, which was good but not great. The sauces made the dish, however. For dinner, I ordered the Peppercorn Shrimp and Calamari. It was incredible. I highly recommend it. I couldn't stop eating it, and the portions were so huge, I had waddle out of there! The waiter was very nice and attentive. All in all a great experience. Go to Malee's. You'll love it.
3	I love Thai food so much & Malee's has always been my FAVE. However, the last two times I've been in there it's just been... OK.The service is usually bad. I recommend take-out.
2	I ordered food to go........  ordered  Basil Curry Clam that was actually really good.  I asked the person who took my order what is the most popular dish that is good.  She recommended Crispy Basil Chicken.  Did not enjoy that all.  Took one bite then tossed it.  Also order the chicken satay.  The chicken was not my favorite.  but the peanut sauce was good.
1	Not good!  I used to eat here regularly but haven't been to Malees in a couple years.  It has REALLY gone downhill.  Bad food, terrible service and an overall disappointment.  :(. Not going back!
5	I'm quite surprised at the negative reviews since my wife and i as well as several friends we have introduced to the restaurant have been there on many occasions with nary a complaint. This place is the full package, the location, decor and menu are perfect for an evening of relaxation, good drinks and great food. The pla aka, jungle princess and panang chicken curry are a few of our favorites but, to be fair, everything I've tasted has been as good or better than any other Thai spot we've been to and we've been to many. As a matter of fact, we're having dinner with friends on the patio at Malee's tonight. Start your dinner with the Tom Ka soup in the burning dish and finish it off with the coconut ice cream, you won't be sorry. Say what you want but when we are ready for Thai, Malee's is our destination more often than not.
5	A-mazing. My favorite.  This would be my last meal.  Amen.
5	This restaurant NEVER has disappointed me.  Great quaint atmosphere in Old Town Scottsdale......always seems to be buzzing no matter what night we go.  The service is spot on, food portions are great and the taste......WOW!
5	I love chile peppers.Especially Asian chile peppers. I don't like them the next day, as my bum re-enacts the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, but the taste of a fabulous chile is too compelling for me not to eat. This is the single most reason to eat here. The flavors. They are, simply remarkable.Your server will offer a spice level between one and seven. Anything beyond three or four and you won't be able to taste the food.Anything around seven and you'll be begging your doctor for a sphincter transplant the following day.If you're inclined to eat hot food, always pushing the limit, looking for something to make you cry, go for the ten.Only three things ever made me cry as an adult.My father, who beat me like a rented mule the time I wrecked his pickup.My massage therapist, Eduardo, who thinks I'm in the running for a job with Cirque du Solei.And Malee's Thai Bistro
3	It's taste buds versus spicy thai in a duel to the death....ok well maybe not that extreme but the food here does pack a punch. Came here with the family and it was good but very hot, even when we asked for things to not be that spicy as some at the table couldn't handle it. For example the thai hot wings we ordered but asked for low spice...they had me burning up and required a trip to the restroom to take care of the sweat. I regularly complain that hot wings most places aren't spicy enough and order suicide wings a decent amount if that gives you any idea of how hot these had to be.The seafood curry was great as was the whole fish that was lightly battered with mango salsa (i think halibut), both were great. The panang was also very good but again packed some serious heat.Overall it's good but I would say a bit over priced and some of the heat of the dishes takes away from the flavor. Probably need to give it a second chance for a full evaluation but call it 3-3.5 stars for now.
5	Absolute favorite Thai restaraunt!  The service is great and I love the fact that they offer cooking classes
5	The food here was heavenly.  We got the Siamese Kisses to start off with.  They were very light and absolutely delicious.  It's served with a soy based sweet dipping sauce, sambal, and what I could only describe as a curried mustard which was fantastic.  I got a pot of the Tom Ka Gai soup.  I have dreams about it every night now.  It's so freaking delicious!!  I ate about half the pot so I was lucky enough to have the rest for lunch the next day.  My husband got the small order of Pad Thai which ended up being really big!  He asked them to make it as spicy as possible.  It was really delicious but he didn't think it was very spicy.  It's nothing against them though, he's a total freak of nature when it comes to spicy food and I've never seen him think something was hot enough.  He still thoroughly enjoyed and said he would definitely order it again.  We ended our meal with the pumpkin custard.  It was insanely good.  They cook inside a sugar pumpkin and just cut pieces out of the pumpkin to serve it.  It tasted like the best pumpkin pie you'd ever had with a hint of coconut.  I only wish we had ordered two instead of sharing one.Our server was fantastic too.  We sat outside, we were the only people sitting outside and I didn't feel like we were being ignored at all.  He was very attentive and nice!  We had all that food, my husband had a drink with alcohol, and I had a soda, the bill was $44 before tip which isn't bad at all.  We will definitely be back!
4	Love this place! We went with a large group of 18 and our waiter was very attentive and just great! He made everything just how we wanted. The food was amazing! Everyone loved everything that they ordered. It wasn't all typical thai which is why I liked it even more. The location is phenomenal! It is in the art district in Scottsdale and we spent a good amount of time just walking around. We absolutely loved it! The streets were packed and there was a jazz player playing his tunes to add to the ambiance. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area
3	3 stars, only because of the birthday party company we had, The Thai food was what I would expect in Scottsdale, bleh..  I can definitely recommend more authentic Thai restaurants, and much better food...
2	Honestly I was a little disappointed before I even sat down for dinner. We had made reservations the night before for a 7:30pm dinner on Saturday night. It was so busy that they didn't even seat us with reservations until 8:15, really?? So once seated, service was super slow, tap water, really? Yuck!! Ordered the Thai pad, it was mushy and so tasteless. One of my friends ordered their fish and he said it was tasteless and another had their teriyaki chicken and thought it was tasty. Atmosphere, too many ppl cramped in, this will be one place I will avoid next time in town. I was a little surprised that they didn't offer us a free appetizer for not getting us in exactly at reserved time.
5	The crispy fish with mango was so good!!! I live on the east coast and know good fish-- this was so delicious!Hubby had duck in spicy sauce and envied me the fish!Service is impeccable and proper. I will return!
5	I could eat here every day. Finally went with my sis and we started with the Basil Curry Clams for an appetizer and each ordered a specialty cocktail. The clams were cooked perfectly and the sauce they were served with...well, it was imperative to have rice just to be able to indulge. For dinner we split the Burma Gai and the Tom Ka Gai soup. After the soup, I was curious if an additional plate was even necessary. We were glad we did. Both were rich and delicious with just the right amount of spice. There was enough left over for my BF and I for dinner the next night - a rarity as I'm sure I had seconds of the soup while we were there. We ordered all food medium in spice level so we would be able to figure out their specific heat levels - and we wanted to actually taste the food. I may bump it up a level next time...which I hope is very soon. Highly recommend this place - one of the best Thai places I've experienced so far.
5	I know the place for several years... Very good food and good service. If you like Thai, this is the best in the area.
5	Their Crispy Pla-aka Fish Candy was delicious. Just the right Crispiness and every bite was heaven.  Fresh summer rolls and Thai ice tea just made the meal escalate to beyond any Thai food I've had.  Service was busy but tried hard to stay on point with our table.  Would come here for the fish over and over again.
3	No idea this place existed even though I drive by this part of Scottsdale often, I had the Burmese gai, which was super spicy and super yummy. It would've been nice if it had more veggies in it, but good still. Boyfriends meal was ok, nothing to rave about.
2	This place was not good.  The food was just, i duno, overly flavored? not as described? far below average?  I've had very good thai food (being from San Francisco), and this was not it.  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the staff was very pleasant, efficient and professional, even for a large group.  The food was the opposite.  After trying all of the items that were listed as "must try's" by other yelpers, I was VERY disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
5	I just got home.I can't move.Breathing, labored.I think my water just broke.Shit.I'm not a woman. Malees.Where sport-eating rules.Note: Tom Ka Gai soup. Singha beers  Evil Jungle Princess...too much food for two people.
3	We had a large group and they honored our reservation with having the tables ready at our specified time as opposed to getting them ready when we arrived. We had a somewhat set menu. The tofu dumplings were delicious. Satay chicken was alright. We had a choice between 3 entrees. I want to give them higher ratings for their service, but the spiciness between the dishes were very inconsistent. You get to choose on a 1-5 scale and finding a dish that suited your desired spiciness was a hit or miss. Some people's 1-2 were super spicy and other's 4-5 weren't that spicy. (note: 5 is spiciest) Also, we had a huge mess with the bill where they put all the appetizers onto one bill for a table, and none on ours. It was quite a mess trying to figure that out. Also, their timing for food was so bizarre. By the time 1 table had basically finished their dinner then the rest of the meals arrived.  Then again, dealing with 40+ people is a lot.
3	3.5 with the possibility of upping a star with a second visit.I had the spinach chicken and wow was that big, the chicken was nicely grilled and was over fresh plain spinach. Over the warm chicken was a warm thick peanut curry sauce that was garnished with a few raw red pepper strips making it sort of like a salad. I asked for a spice level of hot but to me it tasted medium. It was good and tasty   and I took half home.My husband had a cup of soup that had good size pieces of dark meat chicken in what seemed like a home made stock with what I think was lettuce in the soup. He ordered the cashew chicken extra hot but thought it seemed just hot. I tasted the cashew chicken and thought it seemed oily but OK.I liked that they offer white or brown rice.But the ladies room was not pleasant due to a pig woman that came by before me so I left quickly. I guess she had BROWN rice.
4	Went here with some friends - cute ambiance and good food. I had the crispy mango fish which was delicious! Friends had the coco chilli fish which was really good too, but we weren't too crazy about the red curry. On average I'd say its about $15-20 and entree and the portion sizes are reflective of it. Lots of street parking, but the restaurant itself doesn't have a parking lot. Good service and friendly staff. I would definitely come back here.
5	Dinner was perfect.Everything was perfect, except for one thing.The older woman seated at the next table.Girls, let me ask you a question.Do you really think wearing a beautiful pair of open-toed shoes negates a bad case of hammertoes accentuated by a mildly bad case of nail fungus?Why on earth wouldn't you at least paint your toenails to hide such an affliction? That shit's just whack, seriously. My entire dinner was spent ogling this lady's toes. They grossed-me out that badly. At one point, my wife finally quipped;            "What is so damned important that you keep looking at the next table?"I hate to be a judgy mcjudgerson, but I couldn't help but wonder what was going on in that woman's head when she was strapping on her shoes, in preparation for dinner.    "I think I'll wear my Jimmy Choos tonight.  I love my Jimmy Choos, everyone will      love my Jimmy Choos."Not everyone bitch.
4	I've seen this place come up on Yelp a lot, especially since it's near where I work, and finally had a chance to take Jon S. out for a sort of going away dinner the other night. I thought to make reservations, which was a good idea because it was very packed on a Friday night. We started with the taste of thai, which is their version of a pupu platter. My favorites were the thai toast and chicken satay. It was a little weird that the fried items were hot, but the pot stickers and siamese kisses were a little warm, but still good. I had the crispy basil chicken (level 3 hot) and Jon had the shrimp stirfry (level 1 hot). When our dishes were brought out, we both loved the flavors, but agreed we needed some more heat, and our server gladly brought out some chili paste for us which did the job. It's a very cute restaurant and I'll definitely be back to try some other things on the menu.
5	Went back after a couple of years and still loved it. We have been going to Malee's for over 12 years and love it every time. Love the Pineapple shrimp, the Mango fish and actually everything on the menu is fab. Great service. Great ambiance! Very romantic cozy setting oe even if you are with your family its great!
4	Went out for dinner to Mallee's with freinds. October 2011 vacation. Four of us asked the waitress to bring us their most popular dishes. Started with a house soup that i could have eaten the whole bowl just myself for dinner. She then brought us another four dishes. Fantastic meal. Love thai food and this restaurant knows how to cook thai food. We will be back!
2	The only thing Thai about Malee's are the owners.The food is clearly catered to the White People of Scottsdale, and they're the ones who wrote the 5 star reviews.I came here on a Saturday night at 7pm. There were several tables seated, and I was the only Asian in the restaurant. The hostess was Mexican, the Waiters were white, and the Bus Boys were Mexican. This is the first time I went to a Thai Restaurant and there wasn't pad see ew on the menu. That's a pretty western dish and I was surprised that they didn't offer it.This place is expensive, and not worth the price. If you're White and you've never had legit Thai food than this place is for you.
5	I've been here many times over the past decade and always had great service and food. The ambience and location are fantastic. But the star of the show is definitely the soup! You have not lived until you've had their Tom Yum or Tom Ka Gai!! I've been around the world and no one makes them like Malee's. I love going there when I have a cold and their soup takes care of it in minutes. So stop wasting your time and get to Malee's NOW.
4	Malee's was very good.  My mom was here visiting from Washington State.  She had never had Thai food before but I knew she would love it.  We had the fresh spring rolls to start with, this is a meal here but in most places might have been an app.  We liked these so much that I am going to try to recreate these for dinner at home one night.  We also had the chow Mein, which was very good!  There could have been more meat but it was still good.  I would go back to Malee's for sure!
2	We arrived close to closing (an early 9pm) and got a perfunctory 'you'd better order right now' from the hostess.  A scowling white guy was checking something on a monitor as we walked past the entrance, and as we are seated I notice a row of dirty glasses left on a window ledge at our table.  I get a very un-Thai like calimari salad that is only mildy interesting, while my gf has something I ate a lot of, but cannot remember.  For a restaurant with a higher price tag than other local Thai places, and a very nice address smack in the middle of Old Scottsdale, I would have expected more.
3	Good thai food in old town Scottsdale...trendy ambience. Though the food is not close to authentic Thai restaurants we've had in the SF bay area which is why a 3 star...it was more an Americanized version of Thai...we had the veg red curry, pad Thai, Thai basil curry (not in menu). If in the area and craving for Thai maybe worth a visit and its a nice trendy (unlike a typical thai restaurant) ambience.
5	The consensus at the table was that this was the Best Happy Hour food we have had in town. And given the great places we have reviewed, that is saying a lot. But it in not just hype, try it yourself and let us know what you think. You won't be disappointed. One of the first things to catch our eye was the 'Choose Any 3 for $20 Special'. We had a hard time deciding on just three but finally selected the Pad Thai Noodles, the Chicken Panang and the Bombay Curry. No regrets here, all three small plates were delicious. The Pad Thai was flavorful, the Bombay Curry was an assortment of veggies in a creamy yellow curry and the Chicken Panang was chicken in a kaffir lime curry with carrots and bell peppers.Read the entire review here...http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=787
5	Malees has been around for a long time and for good reason ;)Great Thai foodOrder the spicy crispy plaTropical pineapple Evil jungle princess. Thai iced tea or coffee
1	Green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke. Three tiny shrimp, not even measuring an inch in diameter, along with rings of Calamari so minuscule they resembled small rubber bands. Not kidding.Why, half the fun of eating calamari is grossing your friends out by hanging all the tentacles halfway out of your mouth...then sucking them in, in a mighty swoosh. Major disappointment.Malee's. If you think your fabulous sauces are going to wow me, getting me to overlook how  you just cheated me out of fifteen bucks, you're wrong. I don't like gnawing on lemongrass sticks either. Leave them off. They do nothing for the presentation, save for tricking your average Thai food novice into taking a bite. This would be like an American restaurant leaving bay leaves in everything and having Thai people thinking its something you eat. Shame on you. I didn't like the Spinach Chicken either.Same chicken base and sauce as is in many of the other chicken dishes, only it's ladled over fresh, uncooked spinach leaves. You couldn't have put less effort into this dish if you tried. This is the Vanna White of Thai dishes.Maybe this is how you survive the summer months when the tourists are gone. I'm out.
1	Was really excited to try a new Thai place in town, heard nothing but great things about this place. Received water as soon as we sat down, and then hadn't been acknowledged AT ALL, over 15 MINTUES we sat without service. A table that had been seated after us had already had their order taken and drinks received. After telling someone we were tired of waiting, we exited hungry and irritated. I'm in the industry too, I know how it goes! This was unacceptable! I'll stick to Phoenix for great food and great service. Sad we didn't even get to try the food!
5	Their Tom Yum is incredible!
5	I can't think of a better Thai rest. In PHX. Consistently good food and service.  They have Thai staples like rice paper rolls, Tom Ka Gai and Pad Thai as well as more creative items such as Crispy Mango Fish. Average Thai food pricing, free parking.  There are a good number of tables, so don't let a short line dissuade you.  Like any rest., scope your table before you sit to be sure it suits your mood.  Boisterous din in the main room when busy.
3	A pretty big group of us came here for my bro's bday and had a good time.We had made reservations for a Sat night, and when we arrived, we were immediately seated.  Our server guy was friendly, quick and did a great job of attending to our large party.The ambiance was more relaxed (and less pretentious) than I had expected (considering you're in Old Town Scottsdale), so I appreciated that.  Parking was easy.. not sure how we lucked out on great parking spots on a Sat night in the area, but we did!The food:My sister's coconut fish was very tasty.. addictive probably because of the creamy coconut milk and the sugar they obviously added.. still delicious.My pork lettuce wraps were tasty and I had the option of getting them with red/purple leaf cabbage, which was a nice change.  The meat was savory and seasoned well and my portion was so big, there was no finishing it.My bro's seafood curry was a hefty portion (as were all the rest of the dishes in our party) but I wasn't a big fan of the flavor.My hubby's spare ribs were overly-flavored (yes, that does exist) and I didn't enjoy the bite I had.Im not sure how authentic this Thai food is, but it was tasty... Thai food is quite healthy (yes, I do believe coconut fats are healthy), but all the sugar added for flavor enhancement of the currys is not very Thai.. nor appealing to me.  For a once-in-a-while occasion, I'd go.. but it's not really on my "must go back" list, sadly.
2	I had heard quite a few good things about this restaurant, specifically the items that they had on the menu.Showed up with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  We had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up.Our server was kind of spacy and not really with it.  He did not respond to our questions about items on the menu and when he did he mumbled.  Now normally I wouldn't care about this but add the rest of his service and this made for an annoying time.When we were done eating we asked for our checks.  Thirty minutes later he finally came with our checks; where we proceeded to promptly provide form of payment.Then we waited....10 minutes, 20 minutes.  We were being held captive since Malee's had our cards.  When he came to us again he had some of the receipts for us to sign, but not all.  They signed and he came back and said he needed all of our cards again.After waiting for over an hour just to close our tab out and leave, I complained to the manager and he simply brushed aside my concern. It should never take over an hour just to get your bill, pay and leave.If the food wasn't so good, this review would have been a 1-star.
5	Very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale!! Awesome steamed mussels and I tried the Glass Noodles w/ vegetables!
4	A recent transplant from the Bay Area, I was looking for an inexpensive and tasty Thai restaurant and I found it right here in Scottsdale. This is not exactly what I was expecting, as I am comparing it to Bay Area Thai, but the presentation and portions are great and the atmosphere is cozy and inviting. We found the food fresh, the curries were great and you can make them hot, really hot or off the charts! In my numerous visits I have found a friendly wait staff, excellent service and no problem parking!
5	I do miss the Desert Ridge location, and its large patio - but I always did think the Old Town Scottsdale location had more ambiance. We just don't get here as often. It is a relaxed, roomy atmosphere. This is one of the first places my husband brought me while we were dating and I still love everything about it.....just wish they had a really nice (larger) patio. Everything I have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks. The Pad Thai is the best I have every had.....and my favorite previously is at a family -owned place in San Fran. The Basil Chicken is to die for, and I could eat the Crispy Pla for breakfast.....never have I felt this way about fish. I am definitely a fan. Never once have I had slow or unfriendly service and every meal has been perfect.
5	Seriously... best tom kha gai I've ever had.
5	No, but seriously, I love this place. I would eat here everyday if I could. Either eating in, or taking it to go, the food and service is stellar. I've had a couple different appetizers and entrees and I've narrowed it down to two favorites. The Siamese Kisses app is fricken delicious and the Pad Thai is :drool: amazing. They do their spice level from 1 to 5. 1 being no spice at all and 5 being Thai hot. Ive ordered the Pad Thai at a 3 and a 4 and I think I prefer the 3. Level 4 is definitely manageable but it kind of burns the tummy afterward.. Which is just slightly unpleasant. I absolutely love eating here and consider them my "go to" for dining out. They also have a rewards card, which for every 200 points, you get a gift card. They also send you stuff for your birthday and anniversary. Yummmmmmm!
5	I've only been here once for a birthday dinner party outing, but I will definitely be back. Food was fantastic and everyone in our group of 8 was satisfied. If you like spicy and delicious Thai, look no further!  Lots of variety on the menu and a lot of vegetarian options or the option to make a dish veggie, which is not often found dining out.  The atmosphere was also lovely, and this place was rocking on a Friday night! Seems like I recall several large parties, so you know it's a crowd pleaser. Come prepared with cash though if dining in a large group, as it is not their policy to split checks. Since we did not come prepared, our waiter was very courteous and did split out the bill for us when requested, but I know it took some work for him behind the scenes.
4	Came here for dinner with a large group of friends.  Staff was very nice and accommodating (and willing to give separate checks, which was a nice bonus for those of us who travel for work and need receipts for tax time).  Had the calamari salad, which was HUGE (big salad topped with a pile of fried calamari) and tasty.
3	Even despite management...Food was spectacular....Server (  Cameron) above avg.!
5	Our family has enjoyed Malee's food since the day the doors opened.  We've held family birthday parties there, and have treated sniffles at home with some of the amazing soups.  Service is lovely and the ownership sustains integrity in every aspect of fine dining and service.  My daughters bring their children to Malees now. Some of the staff who remain, remember us whenever we come by for a meal. Romantic for dates and child friendly as well.  The Thai pasta is the family staple!  Love!!
4	A woman over heard me talking about going to Old Town Scottsdale. She mentioned this Thai restaurant has been around for 16 years and handed me a business card. My aunt and I had a hour to spare before the Art Walk started so we decided to try this place. Thai Ice Tea (5 stars) - Its my go to beverage choice at any Thai restaurant. This one was perfect. The milk and tea was balanced and wasn't excessively sweet like others. Crispy Basil Chicken (4 stars) - It was very tasty with good spiced flavor. It had a lightly crisp texture on the outside. This entree came with rice and, and we chose brown rice (3 stars). Pad Thai (5 stars) - This is one of the best Pad Thais I've ever had.  It was flavorful, and every bit was scrumptious with shrimp and a generous amount of chicken.  You can choose the spicy level for all dishes. I chose medium, and it packed a satisfying kick. I don't think I would be brave enough to try very spicy. Thai Tea Mousse with Raspberry and White Chocolate (3 stars) - Unfortunately, there was no Thai tea flavor. It was was raspberry mouse with some white chocolate chips. I was disappointed. Service (3 stars) - The staff was nice, but our server just did not know the dishes very well. It's my dining pet peeve when a server does not know the menu. My aunt and I asked for suggestions like if we should choose between a small or full portions. His answers were not helpful. 4 stars for the rest of the staff and 2 stars for our server = 3 star average. It's a great place to dine especially on Thursdays before the Art Walk since it's surrounded by the art galleries.
5	really amazing thai food..  tastes like a chef who really understands the flavors made it, with his/her own spin away from the usual strip mall stuff in phoenix.     great tom kha soup.
2	mediocre overpriced thai ! I dont know how it manages to get great reviews on yelp...strange entree pricing small and regular .... i mean c'mon basically have less and pay less.....or order our overpriced regular portion size. May be its something to do with its art dist location but we were there for dinner based on yelp reviews. Curries were nice. Steamed rice was sent away , it was cold lumpy cruchy burnt...although they got us fresh one right away as when we mentioned...overall not bad but for that price probaby expected more....
5	I've enjoyed Thai food in lots of places, but Malee's is my favorite anywhere. We eat here every time we come to Phoenix and are never disappointed. They serve stuff you can't find anywhere else, and it's all done with a flair. This time I ordered some of the lettuce wraps. Spicy and very yummy.  We always order the crispy basil chicken and the crispy pla. This place is very special. The best!
4	I strongly recommend the Tom Ka Gai soup
2	Nice to find a cool younger crowd outside of Tempe which is refreshing for a lot of places in Phx, pretty casual and hipper atmosphere which we appreciated.  Sat our party of four relatively quickly on a Saturday night though we did have reservations.  Drinks came at a standard pace and the soup we all shared initially was decent though a little thick and cheaper meat in terms of the chicken.  Entrees were a little slow to come out but not bad for a Friday night when the place was packed.  I had left it up to the waitress as to my personal order as she seemed quite knowledgeable.  Just wanted 'light and spicy.'  I eat everything so not a tall order.  Others in the group were easy as well and ordered a few specials off the menu.  My entree was an incredibly oily dish with minimal spice and some 'light' lettuce pieces on the side. Very cheap cuts of chicken, relying on oil and grease for flavor.  Everyone else also got an oily basic Americanized perversion of Thai food as well.  Totally basic and without any sort of creativity.  If you like the subpar stuff they serve at PF Chang's you won't be disappointed.  If you have ever been to a solid true Thai restaurant anywhere else in the country that isn't chain-affiliated, stay home.  I have sent maybe 5 plates back in my adult life.  I sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off.  No 'hey would you like something else' or 'perhaps I can get the chef to come out and recommend another dish?' Nothing.  Just left and took it off the bill.  Phoenicians we need to demand better.  Our restaurants are just abysmal in terms of food in comparison to every major metropolitan area of comparable size.  If you have lived in or visited any of these areas you know what I mean. Love Phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door.
5	The best Thai food in the valley.  The service is great, their selection of curry is phenomenal, and the food is just fantastic.  I come here at least once a month and I have yet to have a bad experience with this establishment.
5	Wow....As picky as I  am for Thai food, I must say that Malee's makes one of the best and most fragrant red curries I've ever had.Based on my friend's recommendations, I tried the Arizona Heatwave with chicken which is a red curry with a variety of sauteed vegetables (water chestnuts, broccoli, bell peppers, celery, carrots).Not wanting to venture into the Thai hot territory, I ordered my dish just regular spicy and it was delicious. The balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful.I also like the fact that they do not charge extra for rice which we had plenty of.The service was impeccable and never missed a beat. Prices may be a little higher than average compared to other Thai restaurants. However considering the quality and amount of food, no complaints here.
2	I decided to check this place out after reading the great reviews. However, it turned out to be nothing like I thought it would. The food was moderately okay. I wasn't thrilled nor satisfied but as a quick stop for dinner, it  works.
5	I made my debut tonight at Malee's in Old Town Scottsdale. I had heard several friends speak highly of their food and service. DO NOT MISS MALEE'S. EXCELLENT in all areas. JJ took good care of me, my Seafood Curry had just the right spices, the shrimp, calamari and scallops were fresh & delicious. My Chicken Curry soup to start with provided just the right flavors and was STUFFED with a tasty broth, chicken & a dumplings. SUPERB !!
2	I had high expectations for this place after seeing all the great reviews, but ended up just being OK. The food was good it was definitely not the usual Thai food. However, the service was pretty crappy and is the main reason for the 2 stars and why I probably wouldn't return. Maybe I just came on a bad night but pretty much received zero service and was forgotten most of the time there. Nice looking restaurant, OK food, horrible service.
2	Three times is my limit for this over hyped, over priced, non unique, and non delicious place. I don't know why so many people recommend it. Its genuinely non special and non memorable. And they charge you extra for tofu even though its replacing meat in the dish. And I got three tiny slivers of tofu in my curry last night. Boring and overpriced.
4	Very classy Thai restaurant. You may want to make reservations, since it's a fairly small place and can get busy. Nice intimate atmosphere. The crispy Teriyaki chicken was the best teriyaki chicken I've ever had, seriously. My husband wasn't crazy about the duck dish he had last time...so that might be a risky thing to order here. Other than the duck, everything we tried was delicious.
5	My favorite is the peanut curry. Delicious.
5	Another great experience at Malee's!  They really do Thai food well.  And the soup (forgot its name) is AWESOME.  A very unique flavor.  I would want to eat it everyday if I lived in the area.
1	My review:  the restaurant  is pleasant, but very Americanized, probably targeted toward the tourist population.  No pix of the King and Queen, which normally would have caused me to turn around and leave, but we were starving. My companion merely wanted some Khao Pat Thai (Thai fried rice), but they didn't have it on the menu and couldn't make it.  Really, you cannot make a basic staple dish of Thailand? So he ordered Paad Thai, another staple, which should've been simple-but what he got didn't even resemble  Paad Thai, it looked like some messy noodle dish doused in BBQ sauce. How can you mess up Paad Thai?  Makes me think the cook isn't Thai.I had duck noodle soup, which actually was quite good, so no complaints there and can recommend it.For some reason we were served brown rice, not jasmine rice, odd.Also ordered the summer rolls, which primarily consisted of dry rice noodles, very very bland and I don't recommend.Overall a negative review...never had to give a Thai place a bad review...but this is not a particularly "Thai" place.Companion's comments:  Recommended by employees of a local Asian grocery store so thought it should be decent. First indicator of bad was no picture of the Thai king in the restaurant.  I have been in Thailand and have expectations when I eat Thai food.  The  Pad Thai I had had a BBQ flavor and look to it.  By far the worst Thai food I have had. I would have done better getting an instant Thai meal at the grocery store.  The service was lame, I had to ask for a refill of water to down the BBQ flavored peppers. The waiter never came back except for the check. The bus boy paid more attention to the guests table than the waiter.If you  are looking for the regulars found in a Thai menu, you will see a bastardized version thus westernizing the food and not particularly authentic.
5	We LOVE this place.  The Crispy Basil Chicken is our favorite!  Jalepeno Fried Rice is amazing  too!  Always nice.  Always fast.  Crave it often!
2	Me and two girlfriends went to Malee's for lunch.  Two of us had the Pad Thai Noodles, mine was to be hot, the other medium.  First, the lunch came out before we were finished our salads.  It was not made to order. Came out way too fast.  The lunch was not even warm in temp.  I looked at the dish and thought the waitress had brought the wrong dishes.  The dish was supposed to be rice noodles, chicken, shrimp, bean sprouts and egg in sweet paprika vinaigrette.   It looked like a mushy mess of tomato paste and you could not tell one ingredient from another.   I tasted it and told my friend, there is not any hot to this dish.  Are you sure you did not get mine?   She said, no hot here either.  What a disappointment.  I had two shrimp and some chicken but they had no taste due to the extra strong red sauce.  We both left our plates unfinished.  Probably won't be going back.
4	The experience was so positive that I ate here again the next night.  The first night I had the fried tofu. This came with a sweet peanut sauce.  Then I had the Arizona Heatwave Curry, which was perfectly spiced.  The second night, I tried the veggie rolls (the fresh ones, not the fried ones), which came with two sauces (one a peanut hoisin and the other a spicy sauce).  These were delicious, with very fine noodles.  However, they were a bit messy to eat.  I also had the yellow vegetarian curry,  which was far too mild for my liking.  Service was excellent both nights.  Great to be able to dine outside.  The most interesting thing about the place was a drink that some of my dining companions ordered -- a Thai cosmo, which was made with chili-infused vodka.  That sure had a kick!  One sip was enough for me.I would definitely go back to Malee's if I were in the area again.
5	One of my favorite local eateries in town. The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is divine, and the servers always take excellent care of you. There is not one person I know that has not been made aware of the great food and service at Malee's. By far the best Thai food in town!
4	I decided to try Malees because of the great reviews. I got the crab Rangoon and pad Thai. The crab Rangoon was alright, pretty good but just not the best I have had. The pad Thai was very good, but a touch too spicy. I wasn't sure if I could order it with a different spice amount, but I certainly would have if I knew. Overall it was enjoyable, but not super fabulous. The service was good though, I got take out and it was ready right when they said it would be (in 15 minutes).
4	Yummmy!!!Last weekend I was visiting Scottsdale with my mom and we met up with a friend of mine here. That was definitely a good choice :)Pros-- Lots of options on the menu, and they are clearly explained so there is minimal confusion- Every dish has the option to be changed (perfect for picky eaters like myself!)- Generous portion sizes- Fair prices, nothing was over $20- The staff was very personable! Such nice people who love what they do!- Efficient serviceCons-- I ordered a side of noodles and never got them :(But above all else DON'T FORGET TO:TRY THEIR NEW SPRING ROLLS BTW. I forgot the name, but it's the Chicken ones on their latest menu. SOOOO good!
5	Ahh, everything was yummy ... Nice place, very nice staff, wonderful food!
5	Their food is great!! They have fabulous coconut curry soup, spring rolls, and pad Thai. The servers can be a bit inattentive but it's worth it for some GREAT Thai food! One of my favorite places in the valley.
2	I was really, really disappointed with this place. I LOVE Thai food, I would eat it every night if I could. I've been trying every Thai joint within 20 miles of my new abode, trying to find something comparable to the authentic Thai I got in Anthem (of all places). Malees was the worst strike-out of them all.My first clue should have been when the girl asked "How spicy?"  I replied with "3", as every Thai restaurant I've been to does a scale of 1 to 5.  She responded with an awkward silence and then "... So really hot?"   No... no... just no. We had the appetizer platter, which was 6 different things that all tasted the same, save for the crab rangoons, the crispy pla and the evil jungle princess. The fish candy was blah. The crispy pla, as someone already mentioned in another review, tasted like nothing whatsoever, and the sauce was overly sweet; I thought I'd need an insulin shot after 2 bites. The evil jungle princess is one of my favorite dishes, but this one was just not right. It was like they had dumped chili powder into it. Chili powder does not go in Thai food. Do not want. It did NOT mix in with the curry and just burned the s*** out of my tongue. The rice was also very dry.The bill for this "Oh let's just get Thai takeout" evening came out to $49. $49 for freaking take-out for 2 people. I was kind of shell-shocked; I had added it up at home and it shouldn't have been that much.... but me not wanting to cause a scene, I just paid it. I don't know if they accidentally did "large" portions, but they looked normal sized to me. But Jesus Christ, I can pay $25 for two people and get amaaaazing Thai food, so $49 for this lame excuse for Thai was not acceptable. Yes, I realize this is Scottsdale, and I am used to paying more for everything, but this was a whole new level... Especially knowing there is more authentic, less pricey Thai food about 3 miles south of here.
4	I've been here twice now and both times I got the beef short ribs musssamon curry. The first time I had it was a life-changing experience. Sweet, savory, and coconutty with perfectly cooked short ribs, I had fallen in love. As for the second time, it was not as transcendent. For some reason it just didn't hit the same flavor profile as last time. Plus I felt amazingly tired and sluggish for the next 6 hours so there's that. For now I'll give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt but I hope this time was just an outlier.
3	Overall, ok. Dishes ordered: Beef Short Ribs Mussamon Curry: Super delicious. One of the pricier items - don't know if it's worth it, but the meat was definitely perfectly cooked. Pad thai: This wasn't traditionally made... It had like an interesting BBQ-like sauce... making it not so pad thai tasting. Ok, I guess. Evil Jungle Princess: We ordered it because of its peculiar name Not a huge fan - the curry was semi-sour flavored, which was weird to me... but edible still. Fresh Summer roll: It hit the spot for a refreshing appetizer. Thai tea: Too sweet.Friendly waitress. I disliked all the hovering though. Staff were overly attentive, so our waters were filled every 5 minutes, and it got annoying to me having to move out of the way and having a person reach over me to fill a still half full glass. Also, as each dish was done, they were quick to take it away. So if you can imagine by the end of our meal and the 7 of us finishing each dish one by one, they'd be back every ~3 minutes to take away one plate/fill a glass.
2	Have heard about this place for years, and finally tried it last week.   I was unimpressed; it feels at the level of the very basic Thai lunch spots in other big cities.  We got the Drunken Dragon noodles - pretty bland taste; just noodles, overcooked small bits of chicken, and some bland tomatoes.  We also had the seafood curry.  It was a decent taste, and even the calamari was fairly tender.  It was just... boring, which is not an adjective I usually think of with Thai food.    Our shumai came with a pretty one-note sugary soy sauce as a dip, as well as sriracha and a yellow mustard.   I know there are nice garlicky Thai hot sauces...I like sriracha, but just surprised I got it.  (Especially alongside some French's)Also was surprised that medium had barely any heat, even when the waiter warned us that the curry started at an initial level that was pretty spicy.Overall, it wasn't offensive but I will never go back.
3	We stumbled across this joint recently while walking around Old Town Scottsdale.  The Better Half had a craving for Thai Coffee and I used the handy dandy Yelp App to find the nearest Thai restaurant....this was only 1 block away!  I called them and asked if they served Thai Coffee to go.  Once they confirmed that they did, we were on our way.The Thai Coffee was OK, not the best we've ever had, but average.  It looks like a cool place to have a meal, so we'll be back another time to give it a try.Return Factor - 60%
2	Mediocre Thai food.  Not sure where the 4 stars came from.  We ordered their signature dishes, Crispy Basil chicken (just ok), Pad Thai (I've had better, shrimps were salty!), Calamari Salad (we barely ate it), Fried Tofu (nothing special) and Duck Curry (the worst duck curry we've ever had).   It's safe to say we won't be back.
4	Great menu of food, you really can't go wrong with any choice.  Love how the chef can bring the spice.  Definitely one of the better Asian restaurants in PHX/Scottsdale.
3	This is the first time I have had a bad meal at Mallees.  I had to send my meal bcak 3 times.  Everything was very fine.  Guess the chef had a bad night
3	Went to dinner last night with out of town guests.  Got in without a reservation but had to sit in the bar.  Think possibly this impacted our service as it seemed like waiting for our check took forever.  The waiter, Daniel was wonderful about exposing the heat levels as two of us were very sensitive to that.Food is always good there.  Great place to eat while seeing old town Scottsdale.  We got lucky and found parking right out front.Calamari appetizer was my favorite part!  And of course the company I was there with...
5	Thai skeptics and Thai lovers unite! Malee's hits the mark with classic Thai flavors punched up in artful, unique dishes. It is consistently one of my favorite restaurants in the Old Town area, and is reasonably priced for the quality to boot! I love spice, and the Thai Fai Fire Wraps (crispy chicken lettuce wraps spiced to your request) are as satisfying as they are fun to eat. As another appetizer, you can't go wrong with a pot of Tom Yum, the perfect blend of tangy and hot soup with generous helpings of mushroom and chicken.For an entree, I almost always order the Arizona Heatwave which is a vegetarian red curry delight with veggies cooked to perfection in a savory, creamy sauce. The Pad Thai noodles are another favorite -- and I appreciate that the crushed peanut sauce comes on the side, so you can add as much as you want.Whatever you do, GET THE FRIED RICE!!! (more specifically, Deirdre's Favorite Jalapeno Fried Rice). Quite possibly one of the most simple, yet delicious things I have ever tasted. The dish includes flavorful fried rice mixed with crisp jalapenos and Chinese sausage which is to-die-for.No bad words about Malee's. I go home happy every time.
5	This spot was recommended by a local that I trust with food choices.  Let's just say that any Thai restaurant that gives me my choice of "levels of spicyness" already has won my heart!  They offer 1-5, I ordered 5 and it was mouthwatering!  I got the drunken noodles with shrimp (my staple thai dish) and it did not disappoint. Yes, my sinuses were runny, but I like Thai experiences that do that to me so ALL GOOD!!
3	The waiter gave us superior service.  I wish I got his name, but he was a tall, young Hispanic fellow and was just excellent.  The food....was ok.  Not the best Thai I've ever had by far:  Pad Thai was loaded with chicken and shrimp which is a plus+, but what is with that red color in all their food?I've been in Thailand, ate lots of Pad Thai there and never once had anything that was red in color...hmmm..go figure?  It was spiced way too much to be authentic Thai having been there but it was ok.Had the Thai Basil Margharita which was really refreshing for Summer.  Worth drinking again...and maybe another again.Loaded with business on Saturday night, great service...food just ok.  Would I hit it up again?  If I were in the area maybe but  never would I make a special trip to eat this style of Thai.  Just not my style at all.
3	Pretty good, nothing memorable or especially good.  Actually the free cup of soup when you check in on yelp or 4square was the best thing we had.
4	Every time we visit Phoenix -- well, Scottsdale -- we pay a visit to Malee's. Having been raised in the East Bay, I know Thai Food. So, here in Scottsdale, there is no better place to Thai one on than Malee's. Our last stop at the Bistro, we ate al fresco and had not noticed that the portable space heater had set the roof alight.My wife enquired about the smoke and the smell of rich dark wood. I commented that the soup on which I was slurping was famous for its rich and smokey aroma. It wasn't until we became covered in ashes that my assertion came into question. Hard to get out of that one!
5	Definitely the best Thai place in Old Town. Always good service, never a wait, was quick for take out too. My favorite thing is the chicken panang and my boyfriend likes the yellow curry. We tried the Siamese kisses last time too and those were great. Everyone always seems to be ordering those giant pots of soup so that's on my list to try next time. Huge portions so you'll have leftovers or you can share. They also had a deal last summer for like $3 vodka drinks which is a steal. It isn't that cheap but it's worth it. I wish they delivered.
3	I was a little disappointed with my meal at Malee's. I had lunch with some friends; we had the Thai sampler appetizer, which was large and had several different tasty items.I ordered the panang curry with tofu, but I ended up being served chicken. I'm fine with eating chicken; I was just in the mood for tofu that day but didn't say anything to our waiter because it didn't really bother me one way or another. However, I think it was a little careless on his part because you never know who has dietary restrictions.The pad thai was a little disappointing. I didn't care for the sauce (texture or taste). The salad that came with lunch had peanut sauce, but I thought it was a little heavy for the lettuce. The ginger chicken soup was good.Prices were fair, as were portion sizes. The restaurant itself is very pretty with a nice location, but I don't think I would go back. It just wasn't a style of Thai food that I personally care for. Perhaps the other menu items are better.
5	The first restaurant we went to when we moved to Arizona. It was moving day, we were starving and for some reason I had a huge hankering for some sodium filled Chinese food. Instead enter Malee's Thai. This place is amazing. I love the ambiance and the food can't be beat. I always order the evil jungle princess. The mushrooms are my favorite part of this dish and having left overs with some white rice the next day is something I actually look forward to after eating here. Please, go here, I promise you will not regret the choice!
5	Great food in a great atmosphere!
4	I didn't expect to find one of my favorite Thai places in Old Town Scottsdale. Excellent food and great service. The tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer. Among the entrees, I have tried the vegetable Arizona Heatwave and Bombay Curry, both are delicious! Their curries have the perfect balance of sweet and spicy with a medley of fresh vegetables. They are very generous with their portions, and it's definitely worth it to pay a couple dollars more for the large size. You should also try some of their specialty cocktails, I would recommend the Thai Tea Margarita. The mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on.
5	We've been twice, the first time was on my birthday a year ago.  My wife and son wanted to treat me to some good Thai, as I used to work in Thailand and I love the food there.We had a small seating/server assigment issue, but one of the waitresses noticed and got with the owner straight away. She came out, apologized and gave us a bottle of wine on the house, while assigning the excellent and observant waitress to our table of five.Food was amazing, quite authentic while being presented in a high end manner that I had experienced in very formal restaurants in Bangkok.haWe like it so much, we're returning for a third trip this upcoming weekend.  I'll write more about the food after the next visit.I'll end here by giving my enthusiastic recommendation to anyone who loves authentic Thai food.  The staff and owner work hard to provide good service, and that's difficult to find these days.
4	The service was absolutely fantastic and each dish was very unique although we didn't enjoy our drinks very much.  Very intimate atmosphere.  Great place for a date.
1	Horribly disappointed. Tempura veg entree, served with nothing else, and appetizer fried tofu--both came at once, ('GIving them both to you, hope that's okay' says unsmiling waiter. What was my choice, at that point?) after friend had  finished her appetizer. Tempura tossed on plate, with tiny scraps, as if scraped from the fryer. Both dishes were greasy and  flavorless.  Food served tepid--had just been sitting under the heat --ho--lamp. Waiter unsmiling. Spoke with manager later, explained I didn't want a free meal, but just to let him know...he merely said, 'Sorry.' and hung up.  Never, never  again.
5	This is the second time eating at Malee's.  The first time was for a friend's birthday.  Service and food were great.This weekend my fiance and I went to Malee's for a date.  We didn't have a reservation and sat at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  Great thing was that the bar had happy hour all night!  Bonus for us!The bar area was a little busy with servers coming and going for drinks but we didn't mind.  It was still quiet enough for conversation.  The food was excellent just like our previous visit.  We loved the basil chicken!I can't say how great the service from the bar tender was.  Although he clearly was busy he was extremely attentive to us.  We never had to wait for anything.  When he boxed up our leftovers he gave us extra rice to take home.  When we were driving away we saw him running out to us with my purse in hand trying to catch us.  Now THAT is service.  I hadn't realized I left it there!  It is pretty rare that a busy bar tender would stop what he was doing to run your purse outside to catch you.  Seriously we will be back and leave him an even better tip next time!
4	My friend recommended Malee's one day for lunch for some Thai food and we have been back 3 times since!  The food is great here and very authentic.  Right in the heart of Old Town, it is 100% fresh cuisine from Thailand.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere.I never have had Tom Ka Gai soup before but this place makes it phenomenal, its their famous hot and sour soup just bursting of flavors!  I would highly recommend if you like this type of soup.  I also ordered a medium spiced chicken dish with lettuce wraps.  These were tasty but will definitely try some other dishes the next time I go back, which will be soon.
4	My husband and I love this place, it is definitely our go to spot for Thai food. Every once in a while, we dine in but we usually do take-out. I am an annoying customer here, I always get Pad Thai and I modify the heck out of it. They get it right every single time though! A few other favorites of ours are the crab rangoon and the vegetable spring rolls...delish! My only complaint is the spice level is NOT consistent. I used to order a 3 spice level and sometimes it was so hot I literally couldn't eat the meal and sometimes it had no spice at all. I've complained a number of times about this and their answer is to order a lower spice level and ask for more spice on the side. Doesn't seem like quite the right approach to me, I feel like restaurants should be consistent. But, like they suggested, I now order a 2 with extra spice on the side. Sometimes the 2 is really spicy and I don't need it, sometimes I use all the extra spice. Overall though, we definitely recommend this place!
3	Being from NY our standards are pretty high. The vietnamese rolls were good the sauces with them were.just ok was really looking for the peanut satay sauce crushed peanuts etc...Crispy basil chicken was.very good and the best dish we had. Drunken noodles also good and spicy spicy which I love. The tamarind chicken was the worst dish we had, way too sweet and I know tamarind but just overkill. Food was made in 20 min.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale. It's a good place to go with a group of 4 or more as there are so many good items to try on the menu.  For starters I usually go with Chicken Satay Appetizer and Calamari. The crab rangoon is also very good.  My favorite meals are the crispy basil chicken, the pad thai and the peanut curry with chicken.(it syas pork on the menu but just ask for the chicken) The spicy cashew beef is also delicious. They get pretty crowded on art walk night, but you can usually get in without much trouble.They also have great martini's. This is a must try if you are visiting Scottsdale.
5	Wonderful, welcoming service. My friend and I cam here for a girls night and just loved it.  Everything we ate was incredibly fresh and delicious - excellent pad thai and curry!!  They make everything fresh to order, which translated to wonderful meals, but not a long wait.  The place itself is super cute and large, and our server was attentive but gave us plenty of space to chat when we had what we needed.  Looking forward to our next visit!
5	Excellent restaurant!  This is a thai fusion type restaurant, so don't go there looking for 'traditional' thai.  The food is always awesome and very fresh!  My favorites are the Thai Chow Mein, Green Curry dishes, Evil Jungle Princess and the Tom Ka Gai can't be beat....absolutely the best soup in town!  I typically stay away from the Pad Thai as it is a bit too sweet for my taste...not like traditional pad thai.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order, so they will gladly customize any dish as you need for taste or food allergy issues.  Very friendly and excellent service!
5	I just ate here for the third time and it was great. Every dish I've had was flavored in a very tasteful way. "Unique food with great flare." Old Town is full of great restaurants but Malee's stands out, maybe that is why they have been here so long.
5	Like going there when I go to the Thurs art nights at galleries on street. It is always fresh and very good. Great blend of spices. Very nice atmosphere, great for a date.There is a reason this place has been around for so long, great food and very good service. The staff has always been good, I never had a bad experience while dining at Malees. Would recommend to anyone who likes Thai food. Parking in front usually.  Prices are not cheap, but not pricey for Scottsdale or such good quality. Portions are good, had leftovers.
5	I was at the AZ School of Real Estate and Business taking my licensing classes and walked outside on a break. The smells from Malee's next door were KILLING ME! I headed over for lunch with a friend and had the Tom ka gai from the dinner menu - waiter's recommendation and the Panang with beef. I ordered the Panang three star hot and woke up the next day craving it. The soup is too much for one so I split it with my friend. It is so good you will want to pour it down your throat. Chris, the manager was superb! He is from Thailand and made us feel so welcome.
5	Our family was very happy when we found this hidden gem.  The food was delicious and the service was wonderful.  If you enjoy Thai food be sure to check this place out.
2	Mediocre at best. *scratches head wondering about the 5-star reviews.  Not Thai - Thai fusion ish (NOT THAI) made safe for Soittsdale patrons who are accustomed to slightly edgy suburban fare in an Old Town setting.  We had their specialties - the spicy fish and a chicken lettuce wrap app.  Neither was spectacular. Thick sauce, sweet/spicy (but overly sweet and not "hot" as advertised).  The fish was fried OK, but that's not rocket science.  The lines and crowds were outlandish for the quality and style of food.   Lao Thai on Scottsdale Road is a MUCH better choice for Thai food.  If you're in Old Town looking for Thai, I would not recommend this.
4	This is a really nice Thai restaurant on a festive looking street in the heart of Scottsdale.  I ate here last night while on a first date.  It's a very nice place for a date or an evening out.  Most of the other people in the the restaurant seemed to be paired up, although I'm sure they can arrange for larger groups.  The waitress was very pleasant and attentive the whole time.  All the food was extremely colorful and pleasing to look at, and also very tasty, as were their cocktails..  This place is very good for vegetarians because they have a vegetarian section in their menu, saving the trouble of having to search through the menu looking for vegetarian stuff.  I ordered the Hippy Noodle, which was tofu with noodles and vegetables.  It was really good.  My date had the basil chicken, which also looked really good.  I had the creme brulee for dessert, which was excellent.I would give this place five stars except that my food was a little too spicy.  They ask you at the beginning how spicy you want your food on a scale of 1-5, and I asked for a 3, which the waitress said was a very tolerable level.  I was expecting a moderately spicy meal, but it turned out to be a little more than that.  I had to take a sip of water after every bite, and my sinuses were about to fire up.  I was on a date so I figured it would be better to eat less food rather than fight through the spiciness and have watery eyes and a runny nose.  Not attractive.  The whole street is full of art galleries, and it would have been really nice to have been able to walk down the street and browse through them after dinner, but everything on the street closes a little early.  Overall, this was a really good experience.  The whole bill came out to be $60, and that includes drinks, entrees, and dessert.  I thought it was very reasonable.
3	In short, the service we had was absolutely horrible but that just could have been a bad day for the waiter. Everyone else working there was friendly and I liked the look of the place. I was a bit taken back by the american rock-pop music that was playing and felt that some authentic Thai music would have suited the place better. The dish I ordered (spicy teriyaki crunchy chicken) was not spicy at all and the chicken was hard to find around huge thickly breaded and deep fried chunks of batter. I really don't recall ever tasting the actual chicken. If this dish had real pieces of chicken and some real spice it would have been good. The teriyaki sauce was a nice flavor. I would have given the place 2 stars but my girl had a very tasty dish so I bumped it up to 3. It's a shame because I had high hopes for this place.
2	Doesn't taste authentic at all. Food looks amazing but lacks in flavor. Also the curry has no bamboo shoots in it which is disappointing.
4	Best Thai place in old town Scottsdale. Great ambiance and good service. The bar was also good. Had the pad Thai noodles with the vegetarian option. Tasted excellent. Would highly recommend  this place for people who just want to have a good casual evening.
3	Just not that impressed tonight.  Other than the great service and fun atmosphere, we left a bit disappointed.  The Crispy Pla was a bit dry and lacked flavor, the Chicken Salad Rolls had a great Peanut Sauce, but the Chicken was too dry.  The Drunken Dragon Noodles was lacking flavor as well.
5	Accidentally walked in at 10 minutes before close and the amazing Amy welcomed us with open arms. She and the rest of the staff made it feel like we were at home. She was very knowledgeable with wine and the menu. The food was delicious. Try it.
2	The food is not that authentic. The sauces are too thick, salty and not subtle. They use the wrong white rice, short grain instead of Jasmine.
5	Very good Thai food, they have some dishes that I can't find at other Thai restaurants and they are delicious!
1	waste of money ask thai food got a chefs idea ... i guess i jus like mom and pops type of a place.... maybe i try it again but was really a high end place ... i order a soup and veggie rice and chicken basil .. the best thing was the rice liked the veggies . the other food was bad and i paid 50 for all of it ... should of went to subway
5	Very good meal. The Crispy Mango Fish was very tasty. I had the medium spicy plate, which was not spicy enough, so the waiter brought out 3 of their spicy sauces that did the trick.
5	Best thai in town!  Everything is made to order so they can customize to any customers tastes!  Love their Tom Ka Guia soup, spring rolls and dragon noodles!  Large seating area, super friendly staff and great decor.  I love Malee's!  I eat their at least once a month.  They also offer award winning cooking classes where you can learn to cook a 4 course Thai meal (this event includes bottomless mimosas!) Malee's has been around since the 80's and is a favorite among both locals and tourists!
5	Great food, great service (thanks Kevin), just a good all around long time great downtown restaurant.  I could go on and on, but just read the other reviews.Oh-and they have great local craft beer, from Phoenix Ale Brewery.
4	Great location, casual setting, good food, what's not to love?  I got the Drunken Husband or something along those lines and I usually am not a fan of spicy food, but this was tolerable and DELICIOUS.  They definitely have a few dishes that you won't find in an ordinary thai place, so venture out a bit!
5	This is an amazing restaurant. The whole family enjoyed it tremendously. The soup is absolutely to die for. Each dish was a variety of spices and flavors.
5	Malee's is one of our favorite places around. The food and service both deserve more than 5 stars every time we go. We have tried a few other places around and nothing compares to here. Its always fresh and always delicious. We started off with one of their specials - it was a crab and shrimp cake wrapped in rice paper or something to make it crunchy and flash fried. It was served like a lettuce wrap with some picked daikon and carrot with some cucumber as well. It had a nice spicy sweet sauce as a topper and we both loved this dish and I would have gotten this as my actual meal had I known how big it would be.I had the basil chicken served with white rice and boyfriend had the drunken dragon noodles. My chicken was nice and tender with a flash fried outside - not like deep fried or gross- I actually felt good eating this. Boyfriends noodles were nice and spicy and the basil was delicious in his dish.We were too full for desert but had a great date night with great food and some wine and beer.
4	Spicy Thai wings are delicious as well as the curry dishes, my favorite Thai spot in arizona
4	I think this is the best Thai food in Scottsdale. Maybe in Arizona.  Had a beef curry stew and chicken curry stew with rice.  Both hot.  And both were delicious.  Doesn't have any overwhelming taste and service was alright.  Maybe cause I was way underdressed for this place.
5	I love this place !  wonderful food, classes that are a delight.  the staff can't be nicer and you can feel they all have a stake here, not just employees.  I bring out of towners here, and have never  had anyone disappointed .  even people that don't think they would like Thai...on that note...I have seen reviews in the past , that its "Scottsdale" Thai not real Thai.....which makes me smile since Kris the manager is from Bangkok and having spent close to 500 days in Thailand myself .  I enjoy this as much as anywhere in Thailand....well the Oriental Hotel cooking school is pretty good though!  go, you won't be disappointed .  The only  criticism I have is I wish I lived closer.
5	Neat & Nice resto...
5	Visited Malee's for a date night with my wife. It was as good as we remember it! The food was divine, service impeccable. We started with an appetizer, the Crispy Crab & Shrimp cakes, which were light and perfect as an appetizer. A MUST try! For the main course, I had the Evil Jungle Princess, while my wife had Sweet and Sour Tamarind Chicken. Both entrees were served perfectly, with enough spice tailored to each of our likes. The ambiance is relaxing and friendly, as the waitstaff really works to make sure you're happy! Possibly the BEST restaurant around!!
3	Food was decent but not amazing while the service was pretty slow.  Atmosphere was rather stale and uninteresting so I'd recommend take-out.
3	I had the crab rangoon, cashew chicken, fried rice, and seafood curry. I wasn't impressed by any of the dishes. I've had Thai at many places in the valley and after seeing reviews I had high hopes for Malee's, but the food didn't do it for me. Good location, good service, but overall I'll go somewhere else for Thai next time.
4	When you're from Boston, and you arrive in a place in February where you can eat outside at night wearing a light jacket, everything tastes good.  However, this place was especially good.     I called at least 5 times to change the time of our reservation, every time I called she was more than happy to change it for me, and never once did I hear even the slightest annoyance in her voice.  That is some serious customer service.  I was getting annoyed with myself for having to call so many times!Definitely sit outside, the street in Scottsdale is all lit up at night and it's a really nice atmosphere.   I wish we were not just passing through Scottsdale, else we'd definitely be frequent patrons at this place!
5	The best Thai food I've ever had!! It's reasonably priced for old town restaurants and the food is awesome. They have a solidblend of traditional dishes and original, chef created specials. Every dish I have had is excellent and if I had any suggestion, it'd be to be bold. Don't get the classic pad Thai (which is good) get something new and different. Every time it have been bold, I've really enjoyed it.
5	I've been going to Malee's for nearly half my life. I found this place by accident looking for thai food in Scottsdale that reminded me of the Thai food I grew up with in California. Needless to say the food is amazing. The food is both classical and contemporary thai cuisine thanks to the owner and her head chef who's from Thailand.My favorite dish is the pad thai. While a street merchant food by nature, Malee's is the perfect blend of spicy and sour to make a noodle dish worth talking about. I've been to many other places looking for something close to home that compares. But the only place closed last year. So the drive to Scottsdale is well worth it.Thai food has definitely increased in popularity over the last few years but there's only one that I will always go to. My favorite and always will be. The cooking classes are fun too. What's not to love.
5	My experience was AMAZING. Our party of 13 had EXCELLENT service. It was on par with some of the 5 star restaurants I have ate at. The waiter was very attentive and made all our special requests. He answered "my pleasure" for all our needs. He was excellent. I wish I can remember his name. The food reminded me of some of the excellent Thai restaurants I have ate at in NY, CA, and MI. I highly recommend the braised short ribs in curry sauce and the chicken paneer.  The only complaint our table had was we requested MEDIUM to HOT and received MILD for all our dishes. It was a quick fix because they had a generous portion of Thai chili peppers and Siracha sauce at our table. All 13 dishes came out at once and everyone loved what they ordered. I am definitely returning to Malees!
5	I had the vegetarian spring rolls and they were awesome!!! They have a gluten free menu too. The bar manager, Jack, was extremely friendly and personable. I will definitely be returning!!!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Old Town. If you're a newbie to the Thai food scene, I'd suggest trying Malee's on for size.Everything I've ever ordered on their menu is quite tasty - one of my faves is the Pad Thai. Service is impeccable and always aims to please its patrons. Love their intimate, outdoor patio also.Lastly, love those long, tube-shaped candies as you exit. :)
5	Excellent service, excellent food, had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return!
5	I travel to Scottsdale monthly! This is one of my favorite finds!  They have a quaint little patio outside and tonight they have live jazz. Very nice!Now more about the food!  Very good!  I have eaten here several times and each dish has been delicious!  I love Thai but am not a huge fan of spicy! For the most part they have done a great job of making things tasty without being overbearing with the heat!  I have tried a new dish each time and love the variety and their own spin on old favorites!  My favs so far are the crab Rangoon, glass noodles, tom ka if you are looking for a great soup. Thai basil is is the choice for tonight   Pad Thai and pad se ew are also quite tasty!  Enjoy!PS... They offer cooking classes with wine pairing one a month! May have to plan to stay for the weekend one of these visits!
3	We did not made a reservation. It was a surprise to find out that this bistro is located in Old Town Scottsdale. Found very easy a parking place too.We got immediately a table for 2. Nevertheless, other people who came in later than us and were sitting next to us were served sooner.We asked for a cosmo and a coconut sake. It's a pitty that the sake was not fresh made (we got the bottle). My hubby ordered the duck and I the sampler plate. The duck was good but .... too cold. The sampler plate : nice presentation but the quality can be better.If this should be our first Thai experience, it should be negative. The food is just OK, not a whauw feeling or a place I will return, sorry.
5	Love, love, love this place!  Have been four times and have had a wonderful experience each time. Great for two people or large groups; for meat-eaters, vegetarians, vegans, and they also make gluten-free dishes at request. Plus, you can get a "small place" instead of a full plate, which is great for individuals who aren't doing "family style" dining. Always had great service and I've never ordered a dish (or drink) which wasn't one of the best of it's kind I've had anywhere (and I've had a lot of Pad Thai dishes!). My favorite, so far, is the Crispy Basil Chicken. Oh yea, and both sticky rice deserts are worth trying, if you still have space.For attire? Feel free to dress up or down. People show up casual and ready to go out on the town.
5	The Tom Ka Gai soup is so flavorful, I have gotten it every time.
4	Food was nothing special...definitely have had better Thai. I did appreciate the gluten free menu. The super great service we got is the reason for the 4 star rating! I was really impressed by that.  Also, the cute outdoor patio was nice as well.  The food alone would have been a three star... I tried the pad thai and panang curry.  Maybe other dishes are better?
5	Went to Malee's Thai hands on cooking class and can say that it was both a tremendous way to spend a few hours while in Old Town Scottsdale and have a terrific meal.First, Chris the head chef and owner Diadre could not of been better hosts and hostesses. Second, it was terrific to hand make all our courses, taste them, and then take away what we made from scratch and sit down 10 minutes latter and have a wonderful sit down lunch with 3 wine choices. How much better does it get.I won't go through each course, but the courses revolved around a lettuce wrap, noodle salad, wonderful fried fish and unbelievable brown rice. Each was joined with 5 to 15 seasonings or spices.Was all in all a 5 star lunch and strongly recommend being part of Malee's email list so you can enjoy the experience yourself!
5	In love...and coming from a very picky pregnant woman, at that! Service was outstanding, prices were much lower than expected and the food was amazing. Not to mention the ginormous servings, especially for the modest pricing! Our waitress, server and waitstaff were all friendly, accommodating, checked on us often, kept the drinks full, and food was prepared in great time considering they were packed. Ordered spring vegetable rolls as an appetizer and it was out pretty quickly. Sauce and rolls were both perfect and just as anticipated. Just as we finished our rolls, our dinner was served. Drunken dragon noodles was the best I've had and the portion was very generous. Our pedi date ran late, so by the time we got to dinner, I was starving (and prego!), and I still ended up taking half my dinner home in a to-go, as did my friend who ordered a coconut fish plate. Both dinners plus appetizer totaled under $50. In AZ on business for another week and will DEF return before leaving town!
5	Very nice all the way around.  Nicely decorated, extremely friendly and attentive staff.  Curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat.  Singha beer is a cold and tasty here as in Bangkok; well almost as good as it is in Bangkok.
4	Went to Malee's Thai tonight and it was very good. We has crispy basil chicken, Drunken Dragon Noodles ( Pad Key Mao), Pad Thai Noodles with brown rice. Everything was fresh and the service we attentive. This place is a keeper and the price was very reasonable.Happy hour is great!
5	My boyfriend & I stopped here for an early dinner.  We arrived in time for happy hour and what a super deal; a sampler plate for $20.00!  The portions were more than ample for the two of us, and, SO GOOD! The service was excellent and friendly. The out door seating was absolutely lovely and relaxing on a beautiful 85 degree Scottsdale day. Since moving from Long Beach, CA I've been looking for a favorite Thai place - I've found it!
4	Solid thai food in Old Town!  My uncle turned me on to this place a few years ago and I try to make it here at least once per visit.To start:Siamese Kisses - I would consider these a thai version of shu mai with chicken instead of the traditional pork.  Six small dumplings stuffed with chicken and shrimp are paired with a chili paste and a soy sauce with green onion.  Very good appetizer for sharing!Entrees:Chicken Panang Curry - Probably my favorite on the menu.  It's loaded with flavor and spice and has plenty of chicken in it!  Put that over some rice and I'm in heaven.Drunken Dragon Noodles - I want to love it, but it just seems like another version of phad thai.  They consider it to be phad  kee mao, but I've never had phad kee mao with phad thai noodles.  I love it with the wide noodles.  I also thought the sauce should've been a little sweeter and there were way too many bean sprouts.  Flavors were decent, but I'll try something else next time.Dessert:Mango and Sticky Rice - This stuff is so addicting with the condensed milk on top!The service is outstanding and I love the atmosphere (even if it isn't very traditional Thai decor) and especially enjoy sitting on the patio if it's not too hot out.
5	Malee's has the VERY BEST Thai food we've ever had ! Always the freshest ingredients and a wonderful perk is that they offer occasional cooking classes - the food just explodes with flavor in your mouth.  Easy to get addicted!  Wish they would reopen Desert Ridge.
5	Such a wonderfull establishment,Ive been coming here for more than 20 years and ive always enjoyed my time at this establishment And im always  treated like family everytime i come in.Try the taste of thai and the drunk dragon wrap thai spicy
4	Fantastic Thai restaurant with delightful flavors. I ordered the clams as an app and it was a nice portion with a curry flavor. It was tasty but I prolly wouldn't order again, more of an Indian curry than a coconut curry. My colleague ordered the crab Rangoon and those were good. My entree was cashew beef and it had a firey spice, I ordered 4 out of 5 which apparently was Thai hot. It was still good but spicier than my taste buds prefer. Great variety and delicious dessert which I ordered coconut ice cream. I would have preferred the ice cream to be freshly scooped and not scooped and frozen in the cup. It definitely tasted frosty from the freezer-exposed. Still yummy but slightly odd.
4	Great food. I had the yellow curry chicken. Great taste. Their menu is different than your typical thai restaurant. It was more of a thai asian fusion. Beer was $5 I believe. They had a thai and chinese beer to choose from. I checked in on yelp and got 20% discount off the bill so plan ahead!
4	5+ stars for customer service!4 stars for foodWe went with a group...7 in total and received great service. They were on top of everything...drinks quickly refilled, food came out fast, and they were attentive the whole time.We ordered a variety of food(coco chili fish, jalepeno fried rice, curried duck, tom yum...) It was excellent and the portions were huge. Everyone took food home. Only gave it 4 stars because their "spicy" wasn't spicy enough for some guests.Overall a really great experience and we'll be back soon - likely to try their happy hour specials!
3	This is a nice place for a business dinner, but on my own I wouldn't go here. The service is great. The food is OK, maybe a little pricey, but there are no fire works. Actually, I take that back, their creme brulee was pretty amazing, but the Thai food was just OK. I *love* that I don't ever have to worry about something being too spicy or that I might go home with food poisoning (hence why it's good for business dinners), but I never CRAVE their food. There are just too many hole-in-the-wall Thai places with better food that blow this place out of the water.
5	Absolutely the BEST Thai I've ever had in Arizona. The Tom Ka Gai soup was out of this world. A multitude of flavors exploding in your mouth! I went with a party of six and each of us loved our appetizers, soups and entrees. I ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice and Green Basil Curry which were excellent. There's a little Thai place in Prescott, AZ that gives the Green Curry a run for it's money, but overall still great. The service was wonderful as well - our waiter, Daniel, was friendly and gave us excellent service. This is a little gem of a restaurant in Old Town!
5	Great food, good service! Love this place
5	We went here for my birthday dinner,  the food was amazing.  I love Thai food and a friend recommended this place.   The atmosphere is great also.   We stayed with their version of the po po platter,  the appetizers were great,  the entrees tasty
5	Them an Arizona native and the growth in Scottsdale so this place used to be one of my regular spots way back in the day. I live in the far southeast Valley now and rarely come out to Snottsdale anymore. My wife and I did a staycation at a local resort and we decided to come into here and really glad we did. It seems to be a lost art these days our servers that give a crap about their trade and are knowledgeable about the product that they serve. Our server was a delightful gal who knew the menu inside and out and instead of just taking an order was a menu guider.We started with the puh-puh platter that they call "the taste of Thai" it was an excellent selection at $14. It had spring rolls, chicken satay, crab Rangoon, potstickers etc. they came with all of these really cool sauces to. Loved it.My wife rather picky about what she eats usually sticks to the main staples especially when it comes to Asian food. She ordered a Mandarin chicken and as soon as they put it down I could see that she wasn't going to like it as she eats a lot with her eyes and not her mouth. Sure enough she tried it and didn't like it is that orange peel gives off kind of a burnt taste. That's all her and her pickiness because I tried it and I thought it was fantastic don't judge her lack of taste. The server is gracious enough to bring her a replacement plate of teriyaki chicken. They put a rush on the order came out rather quickly and that chicken was absolutely out of this world. It was cooked crispy perfectly and seasoned wonderfully. She said it was the best teriyaki chicken she's ever had. I agree with her.I had a seafood curry that had scallops and shrimp, call Mari, muscles and fish it was served in a spicy red curry sauce. Server asked me on a scale of 1 to 5 about the heat index and I said a three. Three is hot so be forewarned as I was sweating to the oldies eating that dish. The curry flavor was exceptional.We also had a bowl of chicken wonton soup that had I think was spinach in it but also these incredibly good chicken dumplings. The ingredients are really good however the broth needed salt. I love this place can't wait to go again!
5	Only one bad experience .  I have been back 6 times and the food is always great.  The jalapeno fried rice with chinese sausage is to die for.  The firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner.  Their mixed drinks are always welll made.  .Great atmosphere
2	When I walked through the door and was greeted by an American staff, I knew this wasn't going to be a Thai joint. But I was hungry and we had hungry kids, so we stayed for lunch. Dishes we ordered:1. Panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery. I felt like I was having soup vs curry2. Pad Thai - the sauce had a weird flavor that was not authentic to the phad Thai at all. I was confused eating it lol3. Pad Kee Mao (Drunken noodles) - this is my fav noodle dish of all time. Been eating it my entire life. This was the most disappointing dish we ordered. They used pad thai noodles for the dish, and the flavoring was so off. It was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo. 4. Sesame chicken salad with noodles. I didn't even care to try this dish. Nothing about it was Thai. Overall, the restaurant was clean and had nice staff. However, the food is not quite Thai food. It's Americanized Asian food, that caters to the palettes of those who doesn't know authentic Thai food. Maybe I'm biased because I'm part Thai and grew up eating the real stuff all my life. But I've also had amazing Thai food all over America. The best Thai food is of course in Los Angeles Thai town. Even San Fran, NY, NC, and Portland are few cities that has my fav Thai restaurants. Personally, today for me, I just consumed wasted calories lol. I'm still craving my drunken noodles! Once I get home from this vacay, I'm going to whoop it up in the kitchen, true Thai style, with the correct noodles.
5	Hands down the BEST Thai food in Scottsdale!! Great ambiance, decor, and even better food. The Thai Fai Fire Wraps are absolutely incredible. They are SO good. Prices are reasonable for downtown Scottsdale also. Love, love, love Malee's!
5	This is THE best Thai food restaurant in town. I have been coming here for about 18 years now.  It is a little more pricey than most but totally worth it. You can get deals during their happy our which is from 3pm-6pm.  I love their Evil Jungle Princess and Crispy Basil Chicken. I have never been disappointed with a meal here.  Their "Taste of Thai" appetizer is a good place to start. They will make if for as many people as you want. Their soups are amazing too! They also offer cooking classes. In the summer time they offer a gift certificate, spend $60 and get $100 worth. I think they also have one where you spend $30 and get $50 worth.  YOU MUST GO HERE IF YOU LIKE THAI FOOD.
4	Great service. The drinks were refilled almost immediately every single time.I've been here twice now. I honestly am not a huge fan of Thai food, and the Thai food here is not an exception, but I think that Thai lovers will adore this place. The portions are huge and the ambience is great. Great way to top off a night in Old Town.
5	Awesome and can't wait to go back. Had spring rolls and soup as part of the food tour. Best Thai soup I have had! As I am a big fan of Bangkok Cafe in Tucson, and for me to say this is sacrilegious :) much better service than Bangkok though. The prices aren't bad either. They have local beer on tap too which is unheard of. You usually only get bottled beer at Thai restaurants. Will try to make it back to have a full meal for sure.
5	My significant other and I shared a special moment here last weekend. So we will always remember this restaurant and dine here again if we are ever back in Scottsdale.She ordered the Evil Jungle Princess and I ordered Malee's Favorite Stir Fry. Her meal basically consisted off chicken, noodles, and vegetables. My meal basically consisted  of chicken, shrimp, and vegetables.  Her meal was spicy to her. She doesn't handle spice well. She was sweating and her face turned red, but she still said her food was great.  I tasted it and there was a kick. I added heat/spiciness to my meal but it wasn't as spicy as hers.  We both enjoyed our entrees.  We ordered mango w/sticky rice to go. That's one of her favorite desserts.The food was excellent and so was the service! If you have the opportunity to dine here do it.
5	Feom the friendly staff to the amazing food to the quaint atmosphere,  this place is definitely 5 stars! Went here w/ a group of girls and shared several items including crab rangoon and coconut shrimp. All the food had an amazing flavor!! Extra kudos for them honoring the check-in offer w/ no hassle!Oh yea, just wasn't a fan of the melon freeze cocktail. ..couldn't really taste the alcohol. :(
2	It has been a number of years since I dined at Malee's.  It was one of my favorites in the past.  This week a group of coworks and I (4 total) went for lunch at my recommendation - none of the other had been there. It was a disappointing experience.  I had the crispy fish from the lunch menu -- it was extremely sweet - overpowering actually - not any other flavor.  Another had the Chicken Panang and asked for it spicy - there was little heat to it.  Another had the Arizona Heatwave - it was mosly sauce, very little vegetables. We also had the crab rangoon appetizer. Another disappointment - it was extremely fishy tasting - we each only tried one of them.  After lunch on the way back to the office I asked everyone what they thought - and everyone agreed it was a "one" time dining experience for them.  It is too bad that Malee's has degraded so much.  I will not be going back.
5	My husband and I ate here last night because we were craving Thai food. We have ordered out from here before and loved the food. We thought it would make a nice date night. Wow, the service was exceptional! Our server was Kevin and he was extremely professional and friendly. The food was excellent! We couldn't stop talking about it all night. We woke up talking about the food last night. Thank you so much for the great service from all the staff. We truly felt like celebrity's last night! This was a date we will never forget! We will definitely be back.
4	A friend and I met up here the other day, the staff was very nice and professional, making sure our water glasses are full while not interfereing with our lunch.  The waiter was very helpful in making a selection which I settled on the Thai Pasta, I decided to go vegetarian on this meal and it was very good.  The sauce combined with the vegtables and noodles made an excellent combination and while I thought the portion was large, I ate it all!  I am thinking of a return trip to try other great dishes.
5	I was introduced to Malee's many years ago and impressed on the first visit by trying the Crispy Basil Chicken; the dish offers a unique take on an asian fusion "red chicken" classic with a tangy and subtle sauce.  I have since expanded to trying many items on the menu and have continued to be impressed.  For those that enjoy seafood the Crispy Mango Fish is awesome; the sauce is sweet and spicy, making the dish a real treat.Bottom Line: Malee's is an excellent find, offering an upscale environment in old town at a reasonable price.  The interesting menu doesn't miss a beat and offers something new to please the palate every time (if you can get away from a few mainstays).  The professional service also adds that extra touch, which is necessary to make it a solid 5 star.
4	I have figured out now after a few visits to Malee's that I am a level 4 heat guy! Malee's can customize heat to any dish on a scale of 1 to 5. Based on my experience it took a few times to find the right heat for me. First visit Level 2 (Jalapeno Fried Rice) yum, come on, give me a little burn on the tongue. Second visit Level 5 (Jalapeno Fried Rice) holy shit, fill the bathtub with ice, sweat dripping down the face as well as going in and out of consciousness lvl 5 is beyond a kick to the face. Third visit, a little scared, went down to Level 3, (Jalapeno Rice, Chicken Curry) yum, a little burn, but not enough for this Irish lad. The great thing about this place is that you will find the food loaded with flavor and going there multiple times to find your heat level is a great excuse to get back here. The Chicken Curry sauce is beyond delicious. One of those sauces that you could eat as a soup! Jalapeno Rice (House Specialty) is my go to as you can see. Loaded with spicy sausage, Thai basil, egg and peppers,  this fried rice is by far the best I have ever had. A great meal in itself. Little FYI get the Fried Tofu app. Amazing with the special peanut sauce.
1	I grew up in Scottsdale and have been coming to Malee's since they opened.  I have always looked forward to an exceptional meal over the years and had never been disappointed...even after moving to California, I continued to make a point of coming to one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  Unfortunately the past three times I have come in for take-out, rushing home in anticipation of my favorite dish...the spicy crispy pla...I was greeted by a fish which was mushy in texture, dry, and whose breading resembled a mediocre frozen fillet from the market freezer.  While the staff is still friendly, the quality of 2 out of the 3 dishes I ordered was short of one star.  I actually drove back to show them the appearance of this fish, something I have never done. I would like to add that I also ordered the take-out and waited so that the fish would be very crisp. Initially the young man took my name on a piece of scrap paper which he said they would keep along the wall for the next time I came in.  I told him I was only in town every few weeks. Although he offered me a gift certificate, I declined. I truthfully didn't see the point of taking that as I don't plan on returning.  I was calm, but told him I was disappointed. I don't feel the handling of my complaint was at all satisfactory, especially since the owner was standing 15 feet away....a simple refund would have been in order for that one dish, and would have left me considering giving Malee's and their pla a 4th chance...
2	I really enjoy Thai food and after two weird carry out orders from here I'm calling it quits on malees. I really like Thai noodles and have gotten drunken noodles many places, but malees is the only one that uses overcooked, gummy, skinny egg noodles with hardly any sauce and raw chopped tomatoes (and no other vegetables, unless you count limp bean sprouts). I will suck it up and deal with the bad service at the place around the corner before coming back.
5	Great atmosphere, staff and food.The skinny I am not much of a big Thai food guy but every now and then I get a taste for the peanut chicken from here and drive all the way from the west valley. The price is not great but it is affordable I also just saw a 20% off with check in on yelp awesome. I have had a few drinks rum and coke great mix more liquor than soda which I appreciate. The staff is awesome I usually speak with Kris and the team and they always make my visit great and my check out quick as I'm always in a hurry damn meters :-). I have met the owner Diedra a few times and she is an absolute delight she makes u feel welcome like you have been coming here for years. I can't compliment this place enough for the staff and food I think I will have the tamarind chicken here very soon. The bad Nothing. The parking in Scottsdale is a joke on weekends but if your from here you know that already. OverallThis place deserves a visit especially with the check in special. The staff and good will sell you I'm sure of this.
2	I had the spicy Red Curry and my son had the Beef Broccoli.  The Beef Broccoli was not our favorite as it was sweet.  We also shared the appetizer platter - it was ok, however the spring rolls were amazing.  The red curry was good, although not the best I've ever had, kind of thin sauce, but the spicy kick was good.
2	I've eaten here twice and just honestly not a fan.  The staff is friendly, a little on the slow side however.  The food isn't my favorite either and they don't have some of the traditional dishes I enjoy.
5	It's a higher end Thai place that's probably Americanized their dishes, but I still LOVE this place!Food: 1) Tom Yum Soup: Always a favorite of mine! I think they give very generous portions of the soup here and the ingredients taste so fresh! The flavor of the soup was spot on!2) Pad Kee Mao: Noodles were perfect, the taste was amazing! Couldn't get enough of this dish!3) Spring rolls: fresh and delicious! Really refreshing on a hot summer night!4) Seafood curry: they use really good quality seafood for this dish, which made the dish taste SUPER flavorful! I couldn't get enough of the curry poured over a bed of rice! YUMMY!Ambiance: More of an upscale, "fancier" place. The place was sufficiently lite but there was a candle on every table for that "romantic" feel. The decor was nice, which made it a comfortable place to dine. It was a little loud, for some reason the noise from other tables carried really well at this place. The BIG mirror in the bathroom is a little creepy, but that's probably just because I've watched way too many horror movies. Service: Our waiter was the nicest, most genuine guy. He was very attentive to our needs and would always check up on us to make sure we were taken care of. Service was awesome! We tipped extra :)Price: A little more on the pricey side, but it's not CRAZY outrageous. I think it's worth it considering how good the quality and taste of the food was!Overall: I really liked this place, I would totally come back here for a good Thai meal!
5	This is the first Thai restaurant we have tried in AZ, it is in Old Town Scottsdale. We are hooked, the food is delicious and portions are huge, we took home 3/4 of our meals. The service is wonderful and beautiful decor. We will be back.
1	UPDATE: 12/5/14 The owner contacted me after I posted this review and apologized. She offered a gift certificate to make up for the lack of service. It's been three months, and no gift certificate ever was sent to me. Pity...she seemed willing to try and make it up to us, but never followed through. Came here a couple of weeks ago. My boyfriend and I were seated at a table that had a half-full glass of wine left on it. When we mentioned it, the hostess looked confused, but took it away.We were given waters by the water boys who were completely on top of refilling glasses. But we never had a waiter come by to take an order. We tried waving one over, making eye contact, anything- and we were completely ignored.We even went up to the hostess stand and asked if someone could come take our order after about 10 minutes of this.No one showed up. Granted, they were busy- but the restaurant was only half full. People who were seated after us were helped. We gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left. When we told the hostess why we were leaving she just said "Oh, OK." No apology, nothing. I guess we found out why there was a glass of wine left on the table. Someone else probably walked out before us because they were never served!We used to come here once every couple of months... now, I seriously doubt we will come here again. Pity, because the food and the menu really is good- I would have given it 5 stars. And in the past the service was good too- at least 3-4 stars.
3	Went there with my husband when we were in AZ for a wedding.  We really liked it.  I had the Pad Thai and my husband had a curry.  The pad thai was really saucey.  I like that sometimes.  This particular time, I liked it, but it was pretty sweet, so you know there was a lot of sugar.  My husband thought the curry was great.  I didn't get to try any though because he made it way too spicy!
5	Dinner on a Sunday evening at 7:30 pm. Our first time and we had a great meal,  wonderful service. Our waitress knew entire menu and able to suggest items, describe them for us. Nice atmosphere and quaint setting. Glad we found Malees.
5	Fantastic food. Enjoyed the Tom yum soup - hot!  Awesome flavors, a bit thicker than what I have had before but thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the Pad Tai noodles had tons of chicken and 5-6 shrimp. Usually you wish for more meat - I wanted more noodles !! Sooo good. Also had this HOT. Great tastes. Just the right amount of hot. Service was polite and attentive. Definitely on my list of places to return to for TAiI food when I am in the old town area
5	I know I will gain some haters but BEST TOM KA GAI soup in the world! Okay, so I have not traveled the world, but it stays my favorite spot for the moment. The fresh ingredients, absence of oil on the top, perfect heat and beautiful clean place to eat it are all included in my rating. Service was excellent. I have eaten here multiple times and tried several specials and I am just never disappointed. Their summer rolls are fresh and tasty, I adore the basil chicken dish as well as the appetizers that I have had there. I will tell you that many things on the menu will be very different from your usual Thai restaurant. But be daring, Do you really want the same old Pad Thai? Noooo, you are in the Art District of Old Town. You are staring at $50K works of art while you are dining,,,you deserve the specials. Yes they have beer, good beer. My only issue I have ever had here, and I am not subtracting stars for it, is some dog owners walk right by your table while you eat outside and let their beloved Fido sniff your table. I can't see that to be any fault of Malee;s. That would be Snotsdale dog owners.Oops, did that slip out?
4	Really impressed with their food! Tom kra gai thai hot is a must! Also had eggplant with chicken and tofu, also delicious. The only thing I didn't like were the prices? Seems pretty high compared to every other thai place. 15 dollars for a pot of soup?? And another 15 dollars for a normal sized entree? Not feelin that
4	We were celebrating the inlaws anniversary and made reservations for the 6 adults and one child.  We ordered family style with everyone having their plate/bowl of eats that was passed up and down the table.  Three of us had food allergies and they took very good care of that - I appreciate them for it.We had a bit of everything! Crab rangoon, beef and broccoli, curry ribs, seafood curry, pad thai, and more. Everything that I could eat was very good.  I really loved those ribs and the seafood curry.  The c-food curry was the most expensive at $18.99 while everything else clocked in around $12.00 - $17.00 (ok, the crab rangoon was $8.99 which I consider expensive considering how cheap it is at Chinese take out joints).With that many plates and people the meal was expensive at $152.80 but we all left full.  My only complaint with them was that it's Scottsdale! It was summer time! And either their AC was not on or overwhelmed and even with some over head fans and the sides open...it was not very comfy in there.  And add to it spicy food and well...a lot of water was downed.
5	5  stars for this spot located in Scottsdale, AZ. Good eats with good folks definitely hit up this place if you are in the area and are craving Thai.my recommendation is if you are bringing a date and want things slightly slower paced ask to be seated in the room with live performance one man show playing oldies on his guitar, all slow paced music, if remember correctly alot of it was spanish love balladswe asked to be moved cause we did not want to be rude and laugh the entertainer.Here is what we sampled, mind you we had 5 people with us so we may have ordered a bit muchExotic Fried Rice - lite, flavorful, well paired ingredients went well with everything we orderedBurma Gai - standard, not spicy, curry not to runny, perfect to pair with the fried riceCoco Chili Fish - a bit of a kick but delicious bite on every bite, small breaded pieces of fish with coconut chili, didn't know coconut could be spicyCrispy Basil Chicken - flash fried chicken with more of that spicy chilli, definite must tryDrunken Dragon Noodles - we had to try it cause it had dragon in it hahaha, spicy heavy, mix of thai basil, bean sprouts, and green sauce, lips were burning but it would sample it againthai hot wings - slight crunch, piping hot, salty sweet wings got to have morecalamari - standard crunch, chewy center, lightly season I know we ordered more but these are the dishes I recall, on a whole surprised the Arizona got a place that serves Thai food that is this good, definite will be back if I am in Arizona.food ***** surprised and awedservice **** price $$ambiance **** I would stay away from the section where they have a live performer, stick with the section that has no live entertainment, only recommendation if is you bring a date stay in the section of the entertainer, he was singing spanish love ballads from what I recall hearing
1	I got take out and while the wait was only about 10 miNs that was the best part I ordered a large but when I got seems like a spall know maybe I'm spoiled from being in Brooklyn New York where for supercheap And it for days. This experience is one of the worst I've had in town the food was beyond boy and and mediocre of course I did get pad Thai But the veggies were old shriveled and disgusting I did not enjoy this experience at ally
4	Great place! Love the food, good service- if you want Great Thai,come here! Only thing i wasn't fond of was, it was a tad too dark inside other wise  I would of gave it 5 stars.
4	First time my fiance and I were there (happy hour) there weren't that many people in the restaurant and the food was soooo good (we got crispy basil chicken, pad thai, green curry, and drunken noodles) this place immediately became our best thai restaurant to go to. 2 days ago went to the restaurant again with work people telling them it is the best thai place around here, we were very disappointed with the food. It was a busy dinner time with lots of people so maybe that's why the food wasn't that great? The table attendants were super proactive, but food was bland and not yummy :'((Plus I like my pad kee Mao with flat rice noodles not with pad thai noodles)To summarize, first visit, 5 stars, second visit, 3 stars.
4	Great Thai spot in Old Town.  Reasonably priced with large portions.  Will be back the next time I'm in AZ.
4	Tom Ka Gai soup was absolutely fantastic! I could have just ate that and been good! Ordered the curry chicken skewer appetizers. Very tender, I should have gone up a spice level. Ordered medium. Not spicy at all. Great lunch. Great atmosphere. Ate outdoors.
4	Great food.  Plates are smaller but it is worth it.  Taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.  A great place for lunch as well.
5	In Scottsdale doing Tv shows looked on Yelp like what I saw. I called front desk at Hyatt asked concierge for suggestion "Malee is the best " it's in old town Scottsdale love that area. I have spent lots of time in Thailand so I think I know Thai food, the girl i was with never had Thai so I started with Tom Ka Gai and then the pad Thai & ended with coconut ice cream with nuts. The food great, the place is nice, the night perfect, try it !!!
5	Excellent ambience, great service all around, good portions, beautiful food and great prices. Hands down an excellent place for dinner with friends, family or on a date. My husband and I ordered a variety of foods to taste more dishes and were impressed by them all. We ate 2 entrees, soup, appetizer and 2 beers for $60. Enjoy
2	This was a place I went to rather frequently awhile back, so this is based on those experiences.  For a long time, I would give this restaurant a 5 star because not only was the food excellent and beautiful, the service was amazing.But the last few times I went there, whether it was for lunch or dinner, the food was still good, but not extraordinary and the service was really substandard.  We had grown and accustomed from many years of it being awesome, to really not that great.I've taken work friends, family, friends here for both dinner and lunches and not impressed.  For the money, you're better off going elsewhere.  I do miss the service we used to get here and we've even had birthday parties here (adults), but that didn't matter the past few times.We now live further, and definitely not the place we would want to come to - Malee's on Main, which is what it used to be called.  Now that I'm remarried, I don't think I would want to waste our money coming here just to test it out since there are plenty of really good Thai places that have much better service along with good food.
4	I decided to give this place a try at the behest of someone on the street who recommended it and I am glad I did.  The service is impeccable and the food authentic.  I might have given it a higher score had the interior had a little more ambiance and had my vegetable tempura been better.  That was the only item that did not taste good.  It is in Oldtown, but a little off the beaten path.  It is worth the walk, however.
3	This is a nice place with great seating in or outside. staff was nice. Being from NYC, where there is a Thai place every few steps in any direction I think I've gotten a bit jaded in that my palate has a sort of expectation. For me, It was just OK, but like I said I've tried a ton of Thai places in NYC and there is a certain level of expectation. Nonetheless, if you are in the area of old Scottsdale you should try this place out.
3	Decent food!! However, for a coupe of dishes we almost felt "cheated" - both in price and portion size and ingredients ... First we ordered the "crispy crab and shrimp  cake rolls" - for 10 bucks, the rolls were smaller than the bite sized chocolates and we couldn't even taste crabs or shrimp... That's a big waste of money. Second we ordered the "Spicy Green Peppercorn" - for 18 bucks - all we got a bowl full of veggies and about 3 pieces of shrimp.. There were no calamari... It's supposed to be a "Shrimp & calamari stir fry"...The other dishes were good enough to earn the 3 stars. All in all an ok experience... Pricey too
1	Meh! Nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about. Didn't really do anything for me. Won't come back.
3	Malee's Thai Bistro is a Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.  Good not great in this Yelper's opinion, but you'll find some quality dishes in a contemporary atmosphere.My Overall Rating - 3 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - Malee's Thai Bistro has two dining areas.  You'll find a main room and another that accompanies the bar.  On our weekday visit, it was busy, full of energy, and had a nice vibe.  We sat in the room with the bar and it had a nice mural of Southeast Asia on the wall.  1 Star.Service - Our server was very friendly and helpful.  We did have a problem with one of our dishes (see below) and while she wasn't available during the meal for us to address it, she did have it removed from the bill.  Kudos for that but I would have liked a check in so we could have addressed it earlier.   1/2 Star.Food - Crispy Basil Chicken - order it.  It's the best item.  You'll get tender, well-seasoned chicken that you can pair with rice or any other noodle dish.  It's slightly sweet with a hint of basil.  We also enjoyed the calamari salad, although it really didn't seem like a Thai dish.  I guess it felt like it was a more American dish vs. Thai, but I was good.  Our Pad Thai was ok - nothing great but nothing bad.  Our one item that was really off was the Pad Woon Sen.  I love this dish - as it has thin glass mung bean noodles, scallions, and egg (main ingredients).  Our dish, however, had a hint of kerosene smell.  As we ate it, something didn't seem right.  We tried to flag down our server but she didn't come back until we were finishing up.  Now, they did remove it from the bill, but it would have been nice to of had the option to replace it instead. 1 Star.Will I Return? - Maybe.  Aside from the Pad Woon Sen, our meal was good.  Now, I think the menu has a lot of American influences, but there seems to be enough to warrant a return.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
3	We decided to stop in for the first time late in Sunday evening. Got a table immediately and quick friendly service. Waitress was lively, very friendly and helpful. Was offered tasters of their beers on tap - which was a nice option! +1 point..Drinks same pretty quickly after ordering and the wait staff gave us ample time to review the menu.We ate Thai almost every week back home in Australia and this was the first Thai restaurant we have been too since moving to Scottsdale. Appetizer was lovely - great choices and very fresh - it was the Taste of Thai Pupu Platter.For mains, we had Tom Ka Gai soup with chicken, which was lovely, great flavours. as well as the Massaman curry ribs which were very tasty, but a little fatty (and chewy) and the potatoes were underdone. We will definitely go back to try out the other dishes they have on the menu..
5	Great food and great service!  Was forced to try several things by the girlfriend that I would normally not get anywhere close to and loved it all!  Don't remember the server's name by he was very professional and very attentive.  Long lines on weekends so make reservations if going on a Friday or Saturday night.
5	A friend and I had a wonderful dinner at Malee's Thai Bistro last night.  It is really one of the best Thai restaurants I have eaten in anywhere and that is quite a lot.  The food and the service were excellent, couldn't have been more pleased with the whole experience.  Will recommend and return as soon as possible!  Great stuff!
2	Went here on short vacation really savoring the delicate and spicy flavors of Thai food but alas it was not to be - we had been here twice in past 4 yrs or so and something was definitely off this time - maybe new chef(s)? very underwhelming - we ordered:Siamese Kisses - you'd do better to get Shu Mai at Trader Joe's - very bland, no flavor whatsoever and nothing in filling except meat - i'd put some cirunch in there like chopped waterchestnuts and definitely add some spice. BLAH BLAH BLAHTom Ka Gai  - supposed to be signature dish - came lukewarm - we asked for it to be heated - waited 10 min and it came out boiling near center of serving dish but was still lukewarm! why cooks dont take the soup out and heat in a pan and TASTE IT to make sure it is hot i never know - they stick it under broiler so top gets burned but never check or stir. . ...anyway it was thick, and not very appetizing - no delicate flavors of lemongrass and galangal but huge chunks / slices of precooked chicken - that's it with some green chopped onions thrown on top - methinks not a signature dish - yuckPad Thai - too heavy with tomato sauce and no good flavor - no subtleties of bean sprouts, just cooked noodles and peanut - just one solid mass of glob.  YUCK AGAIN....the shrimp were good sized but had been boiled in water and thrown in at last minute so no flavors melded - where was the delicate Nam Pla flavor or the crunch of bean sprouts? no where to be found here - blah Green Basil Curry with Pork - which was neither green nor did it contain any Thai basil - this dish is advertised as "think Thai pesto curry" - well it is NOT that at all..supposed to be in an assortment of green vegetables - well all there was was green pepper and green beans - and the green pepper didnt work at all - the meat was bland and dish overpowered by acrid flavor of bell pepper - if i were making it i'd add lots of Thai basil, use Chinese long beans and maybe add some carrot - but not green pepper ...also meat needed to be seasoned not just boiled in liquid.  i will not be going back.
