5	Ice Cream Parlour.This is one awesome place to get your old fashion Ice Cream. The place has been around since the 1940's. Has one long service counter. Decorations from years past. Comic Strips with the Sugar Bowl on the strips. Has everything; Cones, Sundaes, Fountain Drinks, Shakes, Malts and a bit of food too.Must have the flavor of the month.March is Peanut Butter Cup.... mmmm mmmm good.Enjoy a Scoop or two today !
4	"This is a great place for ice cream and a general fantastic place for lunch.  They have some pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are in the mood for lunch.  But the sandwiches are kind of small.  The place also has a bunch of the "Family Circus" cartoons on the wall and write in the Sugar Bowl into the cartoons.  It's interesting.  They have sundaes, cones, banana splits, and their own original concoctions.  It's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal.  There was a lot of pink though and I just wasn't feeling that."
5	Everytime I go to Scottsdale This Icecream spot is a must..Old fashioned Ice cream spot a cool place to duck in from the heat and you also get to check outthe family circus comic strips By artist Bill  Keane Cute...
4	My Grandma used to take me here as a kid when she wanted to do something more "special" than Swensen's or Farrell's (anyone else remember them?).  In my childhood memories all that I vividly remembered was pink, more pink and they served huge things of ice cream.  When deciding where to take a very special 10 year old girl for her birthday with her "grown-up friends", I figured that was a great place.  3 adults, only I had been there before and that was as a kid, and a kid. We got there early, asked what they could do for birthdays and they will put a candle in their desert and bring it over.  I LOVED that they would do a little something without obnoxious clapping or loud singing.  Atmosphere: Childhood memories were correct.  It's pink.  Not quite as pink as I remembered, but the 10yr old loved the pink booths and walls.  Perfect.  Has some tight areas for seating if they were packed, but we didn't have any trouble hearing each other.  And yea - this place was popular w/ the over 60 crowd.  Then again - this place has been in business for 48 years so I'll just think of them as "the regulars".  Menu: Their menu folds out to be 4 long pages.  Only the first one is "food" the rest is "sweets".  Mmmm...  Our table tried their soup, Chicken sandwich, Bacon Burger and Patty melt. While several folks were disappointed that they didn't serve fries, the potato salad was pretty good.  We all agreed that the food was quite good for the price and while not as large portions as you might get other places - it left just enough room for ice cream.  Perfect planning.  My friend was very impressed with the chicken sandwich.  She said it was one of the most moist and juicy pieces of chicken she'd had in a long time.  And while none of us got them - they have a pretty large (and retro) section of Light and low calorie food.  Tea sandwiches, cottage cheese with fruit, their "famous" nut bread w/ butter or cream cheese and pineapple, and so many other fun selections that I'm SURE my Grandma ate when we used to go there long ago. It's pretty hard to screw up ice cream - let's be honest.  We all decided to go with one of their specials vs. trying to put together something ourselves.  Our table got their Buster brownie (Warm brownie on cloud of Marshmallow cream topped w/ vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.), the Sugar Bowl Banana split (Scoop of chocolate, scoop of strawberry, banana and I think strawberry and caramel syrups w/ whip cream), and the 26 Skidoo (Layered in a narrow glass from bottom up - chocolate sauce, coffee ice cream, coffee syrup w almonds, chocolate ice cream, whipped cream).  The 10 year old dug into hers with the usual 10 year old fervor, but even more so once she'd had a bite.  Mom said next time they will NOT be sharing!  The table agreed that their chocolate ice cream was amazing all by itself.  A great dutch chocolate flavor vs. trying to be fudgy sweet.  Hardly a word was said by the banana split girl. She was quite focused on the plate in front of her.  When we looked at her she would just nod and make an "Mmmm Hmmm" which we understood as "Yes, this really is that good and no I'm not going to stop to tell you about it"Service: They remembered, an hour and a half later, to bring out the candle in the desert without having to be reminded.  They put up with the 10 year old's questions and having to repeat the answers several times - all with a smile.  They happily took the substitutions we requested.  And while we were took up a table for almost 3 hours (She eats slow) they never once made us feel rushed.  End result?  We all had a great time.  We've decided that we will definitely find fun reasons to go back - with or without the kid as an excuse.  We all found tons of things we'd love to try - or maybe even eat again.  My suggestion - take a child because ice cream is always better though a their eyes or even better - take your Grandma, because at any age there is absolutely nothing better than ice cream with Grandma.
3	Perfect for sundaes and ice cream shakes of the most traditional varieties, but that's about it. I remember being crushed when the flagship location at Central and Camelback closed down and/or moved. I have since visited the new location as an adult (technically speaking) and was a little disappointed. The sandwiches and soups are mediocre at best and the desserts are good but in that Joni Loves Chachi sort of way "One shake with . . . two straws [gaze longingly]." For me, there is occasion to patronize a place like this but not all that often. It seems like with such a specific appeal they have whittled themselves into a corner without offering much else.
1	Went here one night with a group of friends. This place is pink, crowded, and really not that impressive. I ordered some sorbet and it was bland - that in itself is an accomplishment - bland sorbet.  The 50's style booth seats were very uncomfortable (maybe to discourage staying long?) and the tables were the wrong height for eating. I had to strain to get above face level of my food (and i'm a normal sized woman) It was also very very (very) loud in here.I'll avoid going here again. The quality of the product was just too poor - I'd rather hit up a Whole Foods and get some good sorbet without the discomfort and echoing nosie.
4	Craving something sweet, but tired of the usual small ice cream shops? Then I would recommend The Sugar Bowl in Down Town Scottsdale. Step back in time into a pink ice cream parlor with a soda fountain and a huge menu full of ice cream treats. The Sugar Bowl offers pretty much anything that you can do with ice cream, including fantastic sparkling ice capades! In case you are wondering what a sparkling ice capade is, it's sherbert blended with sprite and the end result tastes like a push pop shake! The sugar bowl is almost always full of people, usually a blend of tourists and locals, but I have never had to wait to long to get a table. Also on the weekends they usually have a balloon artist walking around making whatever you please. I would recommend the balloon hats. So whether you are walking around the art galleries in Old Town Scottsdale  or hitting up the nightlife for a fun detour try The Sugar Bowl!
3	I get a kick out of everyone raving about the OMGFABULOUS ice cream at the Sugar Bowl. Hey, maybe it's great but when I worked there in the not too distant past, there's one thing I remember about the ice cream in those big freezer buckets:It's DREYERS.(That's Edy's, for you East Coast transplants)So if you don't feel like dealing with the crowds or the indifferent wait staff, trundle off to your neighborhood Basha's and pick up a pint of the same stuff they're scooping at the Sugar Bowl.But maybe you don't feel like dealing with the crowds and the staff, but you also don't want to have a couple of gallons of ice cream in the freezer to  replicate that perfect banana split. So go already. You could do with getting out of the house now and then. The waits aren't that long and indifference is a long way from surly.Also, just to clear up some confusion from a few reviews down: The Scottsdale location has been the flagship store for decades; the outlet on Central & Camelback was a product of the early 90s.Update 03/23/2008: Just wanted to update with a quick story about how I got fired from the Central & Camelback location. In 1991 (not sure how much it's changed, if at all), the neighborhood had a huge contingent of people with more money than manners, and they loved the Sugar Bowl. So if you happen to have a moderately wealthy female relative in your family with a tale of getting whacked up side the head with an ice cream scoop at the old downtown Phoenix Sugar Bowl, trust me on this one: she had it coming, and I hope she's since learned how to behave in public.
4	Cute ice cream parlor with Family Circus paraphernalia on the walls and tables. The ice cream sundaes are HUGE!! The ice cream scoop is the size of a softball. Our waitress made a mistake on our order and gave us a FREE sundae! How awesome!
4	This is the best place to go for an authentic 1950s ice cream parlour experience.  Try the Camelback soda or a super soda to feel really Leave It To Beaver-ish.   Sit at the stools at the bar for an extra authentic feel.  Pay for your tab at the cashier booth for a real blast from the past.Don't expect to order anything healthy at Sugar Bowl, or attempt to stick to your diet.  It's ALL BAD for you, and I LOVE it.  I got my ice cream soda with EXTRA HOT FUDGE lining, and I loved it.  Who else LOVED it, you ask??24 HOUR FITNESS, baby!!  I'm hauling my calorie-laden ass over there every day for the next week.  It's all good.  It's worth it.  Who the eff cares if the ice cream could be fresher?  The food here is probably average, but the experience and ambiance bump it up an extra star. P.S.  This is very reminiscent of Farrells for the SoCal peeps out there.
4	Sugar Bowl Sundays was a tradition my best friend and I implemented after we both went through bad break ups last year. We spent Sundays at the retro downtown Scottsdale ice cream parlor where we drowned our sorrows in hot fudge sundaes or chocolate malts for a month. It was a good way to forget our sadness, have fun and lose ourselves in this weekly tradition where we would catch up on the week's events.  Plus, it was better than doing a a few Jaeger Bombs and ultimately crying and/or making out with a random stranger later.While we don't need the therapy of Sugar Bowl Sundays any longer, it's still fun to pop in from time to time and splurge. I think everyone should treat themselves to a Sugar Bowl Sunday every now and then.Details: 4005 N. Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale (480) 946-0051.
3	Sugar high? Sugar coma? Sugar fix? Get all 3 at The Sugar Bowl.I give Props to the concept, so add a star. I think it's over-hyped, so delete a star. In the end, this place cancels itself out. (Hence the 3 stars for "netural.") I'll explain.The concept of an hometown ice cream parlor is applaud-able. The execution is great - everything is branded and consistent. The menu brags of wide variety, although if you don't know how to read the toppings, mixing and concoctions section, you may find yourself with a headache that's not from the sugar. So, it's best to go with somebody who's been before. I've only been twice. Each time I needed help reading the menu. Maybe that's my problem, though. See for yourself. So, once you select a fine sugary treat, you're ready to enjoy it. Yet, be forewarned. Don't order anything that's not in a bowl, for you'll get jipped on the portions. If you order a malt, it comes in a cool retro glass, but you'll be finished before you had a chance to unwrap your straw. Just like if you order the cheesecake, which is served on a plate. It's a tiny slice of cheesecake goodness, so don't get your hopes up. (Who really needs all that sugar anyway?)TIP O FTHE DAY: Order whatever comes in a bowl.  (Hence the name, The Sugar Bowl.)The portions are more than generous. I had one of the local favorites - apparently the one all baseball players and fans enjoy. It was just okay. I don't remember what it was called, but it's the vanilla ice cream served with a puff pastry. I asked for fresh strawberries on top. Yum. I was expecting the pastry to be warm, allowing the ice cream to melt and me to slip into Sugar Bliss. Instead, I needed a steak knife to slice off my bites. The pastry was frozen, like the ice cream. I was left wanting. (Not to mention I was the last one to finish, due to having to carve off each bite.)This is a great spot to bring visitors, especially if they're younger than 10. You can't go wrong with patrons not old enough to tell the difference between a Sugar High and a Sugar Let Down.
4	The place isn't that bad.  It's kitschy because of the pinkish interior, and the ice cream is good.  My only problem is that it's too crowded...thanks to Bil Keane.
4	Very throwback atmosphere; vintage ice cream parlor.  Nice place to cool off; especially when it is 115 degrees outside!
2	In a word: Kitsch.This 50's palace of pink serves up a number of ice cream dishes, including favorites such as banana splits and brownie sundaes as well as build your own creations.  The ice cream itself was underwhelming, I was expecting a homemade recipe, but was a little surprised when I saw tubs of Dreyers being brought into the front dining room.Given it's location in Old Town Scottsdale, a venerable dumping ground of knick knacks galore, Sugar Bowl was exactly what I expected in terms of decor and atmosphere, kitsch, kitsch and more kitsch.Where is Gelateria Parmalat when you need it?
4	I went to Sugar Bowl on September 11th.2001.No national tragedy was going to come between me and a chocolate milkshake.  A young girl enjoyed her birthday party while her parents stared out the window.  It was a bizarre experience worth sharing.More to the point, the milkshake was good.  Tonight, my hot fudge sundae was good.  It's a very basic ice cream dish.  Hard to screw up, even harder to differentiate.Our waitress let us know she has worked at Sugar Bowl for 40 years.  It seemed sweet, but now I wonder how she has supported herself so long this way.The walls are a shade of faded pink.  Kind of silly, but who cares?  It's ice cream.
4	I want to make love to a cream puff sundae.  Maybe even marry one.  They're that good.  Other than totally awesome desserts, this pace is a dump. The g-damn flickering fluorescent lights give me a headache.Go there for dessert, inhale it before the flickering lights give you a seizure then run before you get sucked into a shit-hole linoleum time-warp.
4	Located in Oldtown Scottsdale amid the most art galleries/stores i've seen in a concentrated area, Sugar Bowl was a refreshing visit to relieve the 110 heat. With the decor of an old-fashioned diner and family circus artwork prominently displayed throughout, this establishment provides a friendly and welcoming atmosphere that is very family-oriented (there's an adjoining arcade area with games for the kids). As for the ice cream itself, I was happily satisfied with my selection: that lovely ice cream sundae with the puff pastry covered in hot fudge. There was a specific name for it, but at this time I cannot recall it. The puff pastry was a little stale or hard, perhaps because it was previously frozen....so in that respect a fresh cream puff would have sealed the deal. The hot fudge added the right amount of sweetness to the creation. Also, I was expecting the joint to make their own ice cream, but was rather unimpressed when our server mentioned they use Dreyer's ice cream. If they had made their own ice cream, the place would have earned 5 stars easily. Regardless, my sundae was great, especially on that hot day, and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an ice cream treat. As for our service, our server (who was memorable because she was probably one of a handful of asians that I spotted in arizona...being asian myself, my family and i feel like we had doubled the asian population in AZ) was absolutely wonderful and even validated my selection of ice cream with a "niice" that made me feel like i had selected the winning lottery ticket from the variety of choices on the menu. Plus, having a great smile always helps.
2	Growing up in Long Island, NY (and making frequent trips to Brooklyn & Manhattan) I have to honestly say that as far as Old Time Ice Cream Parlors go.... this leaves a lot to be desired.  However, that's not to say that this isn't a gem to be enjoyed.Old Town Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon (as I experienced it on vacation last week) is quiet and hot.  There wasn't too much to do and the kids were getting restless.  That being said, it was only 1pm and it was lunch time.  The bright pink building can be seen from quite the distance and certainly stands out on the main road (Scottsdale Rd) in Old Town Scottsdale.  Besides, any place that's been around for 50+ years has merit with me.  One piece of advice I'd offer is keep it simple.  A burger is an ok order, but stay away from the Reuben.  Should be simple, but somehow...outside of NY... I rarely get one that's worthy of the name.  And this was no exception.  BIG GRIPE:  No Fries???  They serve potato chips with all their sandwiches, no fries.  Don't get me wrong I like their "Kettle Chips" (which aren't made there, but instead probably poured from oversized bags in the back).  But a true old time parlor should have french fries.  Ok, end of gripe.Now to the ice cream.  I won't comment on how they make it or give a review of all their flavors 'cause frankly I didn't have much.  I had a coffee shake which was quite good actually.  My mother-in-law got the '23 Skiddoo" that I was eyeing and she was quite happy with it...  It was dutch chocolate ice cream & turkish coffee ice cream, with coffee syrup, sliced almonds, whipped cream & a cherry.  It looked great and got a thumbs up from mom.  My wife ordered a mint chocolate chip sundae (her favorite flavor) and enjoyed it.  The kids... well, the kids are easy to please.  Just stick any ice cream in front of them with some cherries on top and they're happy.Overall it was a good stop and had fantastic, friendly service. The attached arcade left alot to be desired, but it seamed to me to be a cheap add on to a well established parlor.
3	Why isn't the Sugar Bowl open later?  Why can I never grasp exactly when it's open...and often find myself driving by, looking for a Sundae...only to see the shop's windows dark?I really enjoy the bubblegum pink theme of the entire place.  It's really adorable.The ice cream creations are delicious (it's just hard to choose which one to get!)Last time I went there were a lot (a lot) of junior high-young high school aged kids there...they were pretty loud and monopolizing of the wait staff.  However, I guess I remember thinking how great it was to drive out to the Sugar Bowl when I was that age...and it's one of the few places in Old Town that isn't a bar (and thus not carding after 7pm).
5	YUMMMM! I loved the old school ice cream parlor look.  It makes you feel like you are in the heart of old town and have disappeared for a second.  The hardest part... choosing a item on the menu.The staff was really great too and there is reservations for groups.
2	We tried this place because a few people said it exuded nostalgia and was very good. It did exude nostalgia if you grew up going to depressing, run down, badly lit diners. The interior of this place was quite depressing and sometimes when Im happy and I think of this place I get a little depressed. Im giving it two stars because the ice cream sundae was pretty good and the service was quick and nice. Overall I give it a "Mmm ice cream is worth the depression, I guess!"
4	The atmosphere is at the Sugar Bowl is fun. This place has become a family tradition with my wife and I. We love coming here for dessert and occasionally dinner. The food is real cheap and just a typical diner food with good sandwiches and soups. They have great Italian sodas and shakes and tons of huge banana splits and sundaes. I would recommend the Sugar Bowl to anyone. Parking can be a pain if you go on the weekend nights but worth it.
3	Solid.  Nothing special, but exactly what you'd expect for an old schoolish diner/ice cream parlor.  Would I drive 45 minutes here again?  No.  Would I go here if in the area?  Yes.
4	Great old fashioned ice cream parlor!They have a ton of toppings to create your own or special unique creations. It's a fun place and we had good service. Ice cream was great too. It will definitely be a stop of mine next year during spring training.
5	This is a Scottsdale Icon.  Old Fashioned ice-cream parlor, set in old town Scottsdale.  It's always busy here.  Not your fancy place, and not a commercial establishment.  If you like local restaurants that have family appeal, you'll love the Sugar Bowl.
3	Tried this place b/c we heard that it is somewhat historical.  Definitely not fancy, decently priced ice cream parlor.  Nothing special.*Decor = had it's own charm.  nothing fancy.*Service = it took a while for the waitress to come but it's all good.  They were having fun mingling with their high school friends at the counter :)*Ice cream = it's good.  I mean it's definitely not Ghirardelli but it's descent.  Would I go there again.  Well, just for Sugar Bowl - NO.  If I'm out of Blue Bell ice cream at home and for some reason I'm in Scottsdale, SURE.
4	Nice little shop to stop and and have a bit of ice cream.  Great place to bring family and friends when they are in town.
4	This place has been recommended to me by family and friends so many times. As an Arizona native, I'm ashamed that I hadn't been here sooner. It took a friend coming into town to get me to go and I'm so glad I did.The fact that they have Family Circus cartoons everywhere really made me smile. I wasn't aware that Bil Keane had so many cartoons centered around the Sugar Bowl. I absolutely love that old time pink and white decor too. It's as if time has stood still and with so much being renovated in the area, it's great to be reminded of a time in Arizona that's long gone. I got a rootbear float which was fantastic. The ice cream was plenty and the way it melted in the float made it super thick and luscious. They have an old school ski-ball machine that's bright pink and reminicent of sometime between 1980-1989. :)I found out their orange sherbet has dairy in it but the raspberry sorbet does not, just in case there's anyone out there with the sad misfortune of not being able to eat dairy at an ice cream parlor.
3	This place is a sugary dairy lover's dream.  Unfortunately, if you DON'T eat dairy and want a treat, you have few options, and only 1 in the ice cream department.  Only their Raspberry sorbet is dairy free.  They do a Raspberry / Sprite shake that's pretty good, but at $4.95, it's not that great.  I would MUCH rather stroll down Scottsdale Rd. to Green for one of their famous Soynami's... If I ate dairy, this place would be a 5-star spot easy..... I could see myself literally overdosing on sweet here.  Old school vibe, old school treats.
2	I really wish the sugar bowl would re-vamp. I haven't been in a long time but the few times I have tried it I haven't been happy and have had no desire to go back. in fact when ppl suggest it i say "EW!". The sundaes are overpriced and the servers take so long to bring them out that your ice cream is melted by the time you get it. so it just turns into a warm, melty mess. it's so expensive for an unappetizing sundae. i say stick to dairy queen over this place and if you're feelin like an upgrade just go to sweet republic.
4	I have enjoyed many a cool and sugary treat here on disturbingly hot days while visiting downtown Scottsdale. Old fashioned building, cute vintage interior, it's got the whole "ice cream parlor" look down. I sit at the bar and enjoy their luscious milkshakes, sorbet, and banana splits. Very much love this place, and I can back it up with the Thumbs Up I receive from the people I bring here with me.
3	Not a bad place for lunch
2	Well, I hate to do this, but feel I must.  I have lived in Scottsdale 25 years now, and have been to the Sugar Bowl many times.  I love the nostalgia of an ol' fashioned ice cream parlor; it reminds me of my childhood and eating hot fudge sundaes at the dairy parlor in Wisconsin.  I love the Bil Keane Family Circus caricatures hanging on the walls.  BUT... my visit to the Sugar Bowl on Tuesday, May 26th, with WI relatives, may be my last.First of all, the prices on just about every food item are outrageous, considering this is not a fancy place by any means.  $10.95 for a lunch size chef salad?  $8 for a small egg salad sandwich on wonderbread?  Oh, the sandwich does come with stale potato chips, too.  Second of all, the service was lousy.  Our waitress, who had "1968" displayed under her name on her name tag, certainly did not display the wealth of superior customer service one would expect from someone with 41 years of waitressing experience... just the contrary.   No warm welcome to the Sugar Bowl, no friendly smile, just a stern "what do you want?" to take our orders.  After waiting 20 minutes for our food, she came back to our table and announced "Sorry, but the printer in the kitchen ran out of paper, so I need to retake your order".  Okay, after repeating our orders, thinking that maybe our lunch would be "on the house" (or, at least, getting some sort of compensation), she just walked away without a word.  My lunch companions thought this was so odd (again, where's the awesome customer service one would expect from an establishment that should pride itself as being the highlight of the West's most western town???).  So, when she came back to our table to deliver a shake that my niece ordered, I piped up and asked "So, do we get free ice cream sundaes for having to wait so long?".  To our surprise, she said "No.".  After seeing our surprised looks, she suddenly changed her mind and said "Well, you can get that shake free.".Okay, so we got something free out of the deal, but we all were extremely disappointed and bewildered.  Why?  Because we had to ask.   Doesn't a waitress with 41 years experience have any clout with the management to be empowered to offer compensation to a customer in order to promote great customer service (and ensure that the customer comes back as a repeat customer)?The Sugar Bowl used to be a fun, inviting place to have an inexpensive lunch and enjoy a sweet dessert.  Now, it seems to be going downhill... fast.  I noticed that other, recent reviews have noted the same thing, and not many "stars".
4	I enjoy the charm of the old style ice cream parlor in Old Town Scottsdale.. I've tried a couple of different items on the ice cream menu and I haven't been disappointed.  Can't go wrong with any sundae or other ice cream creation on the menu. Next time I'm going back, I'm shooting for a shake or ice cream soda.There is also regular food served here (salads, burgers, sandwiches), but I've yet to try that.The service has been a bit slow getting your treat, water and check from my experience..
2	So imagine the following scenario: You are browsing the sunday paper and hurray! You come across the funnies, you save Family Circus for last because it is a classic and surely will not disapoint. You get through everything else and at long last come to the Family Circus and after finishing, you remember that in fact; you have never read a funny Family Circus. In fact the only ones you find slightly enjoyable are the ones where little Billy is running around all hopped up on drugs and there is a dotted line left in his trail and you don't really get them either.I am sure you are wondering where I am going with this. Sugar Bowl posts Family Circus comics all around the establishment and it is fitting as they are similar, in that you really think that you are going to enjoy both but both are huge let-downs.I would really like to give this place one 1 1/2 stars but you know how it goes; I am a positive guy so I will round up. The thing is, sugar bowl is just the kind of place that a Yelper WANTS to like. It has been around for 50 years, locally owned and operated, it breaks the Scottsdale douche mold/stereotype and it is old school. It just doesn't manage to be charming and here is why.First and foremost; the service sucked. When I went in, there were as many teenage kids working as people in the place and though I received a water super promply; giving me false high-hopes; I was then forced to wave down kids walking around avoiding eye contact like we had woken up together after a too-drunk night; in order to get water refills and order a burger. Secondly the food was meh. Really meh. Yeah I know it is an icecream joint but an old ice cream shop like this should have some tasty old-school burgers. You know who has better burgers? Dairy Queen. I swear to YHWH. Even the ice cream was very, very run of the mill.Even the decor, while I enjoy the old soda shop sort of thing needs a little help. There are creepy old people houses and there are charming ones; figure out the difference really.I am going to go beyond my jurasdiction here and give some suggestions hoping someone takes them to heart. I mean I don't know much; I am just a consumer but as a jumping point...I hate to say this but Sugar bowl needs to let the theme run a bit with the Scottsdale atmosphere. Scottsdale wants to be LA and Sugar Bowl should also but they should do it better!Scottsdale needs a hip late-night diner! Think about it! Get some great food stuffs, make your own toppings stay open late and charge a little more. And for the love of god take down the comics and paint the damn place or something! It could be a swingin joint where rock-stars, porn-stars and sport-stars meet up with the after club crowd. Look at how far people go to make it to Five and Diner and they aren't truly that great. Out-do them!Sugar Bowl could do it. They really have the potential but as is I would have to be pretty desperate to hit this place up again.
3	Roach issue?I use to like it, but now I may never go back. My girlfriend introduced me to Sugar Bowl less than a year ago and since then I have been back maybe eight times. Sugar Bowl became a place where whenever i was hanging out with someone in Old Town Scottsdale we would stop and get some ice cream; even with a bunch of guys. I think the ice cream is different, good, and well priced. (I've never had their meals) The place was always packed on weekends but overall worth the short wait.A few months ago a couple of friends and I stopped in around 7-8pm on a Saturday to get some ice cream to end the night and unwind. We were seated in a both to the far right end of the shop. While we were eating I noticed a bug on the wall but didn't want to mention it to my friends as to not ruin the ice cream for them. Well a couple minutes later the a small cock roach starting crawling towards my friend neck and my other friend spotted it. It was gross to see but we didn't mind until the roach kept coming closer and closer to my friend. He had to kill it with a napkin... Then another roach popped up so we decided to move to another table. After looking around we began to see that the inside of this place isnt maintained very well, the walls look dirty and everything has a kind of dust on it.I don't know if I'll be going back there again. I like the ice cream but if the front has a roach issue I cant imagine what the kitchen looks like. I feel bad for saying this since it seems like a Scottsdale staple. I still gave it 3-stars because the ice cream is good.
4	We just had the ice cream and it was great - recommended for a treat.  I think there are about 10 flavors on the menu and lots of toppings.
2	Disappointing and not very good.
1	OK, so what if it's an authentic 1950s ice cream parlor? The stuff they're scooping up is boring major brand-name label ice cream full of air, and the toppings are nothing special? And the wallpaper is dirty and faded? And the carnival-esque decor is kinda creepy, unfortunately like some of the elderly clientele who sit here staring sadly off into space as their ice cream sodas melt away? You can almost imagine the opening scenes of a tear-jerker Lifetime movie set here. That's not good.
3	Very antique old fashioned ice cream parlor in the Old Town of Scottsdale. The interior decor is mostly of the color pink. A sit-down environment where you don't get to select or do taste test like typical coldstone/baskin.Flavors weren't too extensive. Maybe 12 at most. However they do special flavors like pumpkin for october now. Was recommended their "top hat sundae". This sundae is simply large cream puff pastry with a scoop of ice cream in between and a spoonful drizzle of chocolate fudge syrup.I subbed the vanilla ice cream to strawberry but was still a disappointment. Was nothing amazing and definitely wasn't blown away. Puff pastry was stale and tasted like it has been in the fridge for some time. Ice cream tasted like ones you can get at the markets and fudge was nothing authentic.A nice place for that vintage ambience on a late night stroll out in Old town but definitely can't trigger my cravings.Plentiful free parking. $5 for a sundae
4	Ah, Sunday morning... okay, Sunday afternoon.  I wake up slightly hungover with a desperate need for water and realize that I am not alone.  My best friend spent the night because she was in no shape to drive home and she is still passed out in my bed.  I nudge her and say, "time to get up and I'm pretty sure we missed yoga."  We always promise each other that we will make it to the gym for a yoga class on Sunday, but we never do.  Fast forward to us squinting into the sun as we drive up Scottsdale Road looking for something to eat.  I spot the Sugar Bowl and flashback to fond childhood memories of drinking chocolate malts in my dance uniform.  I always went here after dance recitals and that may have been why I went through this really awkward chubby stage in 4th grade.   Anyhow, my friend thought the Sugar Bowl sounded good too. We park our butts in a seat and order broccoli cheese soup, of course I got the aforementioned chocolate malt too.  The soup was seriously good.  It was creamy and satisfying.  The chocolate malt was as good as I remembered.  They don't exactly compliment each other though, so maybe next time I will go with the tea sandwiches.
4	Too cute! This is the perfect place to end any day.  There is a huge selection of treats from the traditional ice cream sundae to the most sinful concoctions you dare to have. The ice cream was good but the true experience was the atmosphere which was phenomenal. We had the sweetest waitress ever. It is a place where you can sit back and enjoy your ice cream. There is no rushing or pressure to turn over the table.  The prices are super reasonable.Support the local shop!  Give them a try the next time you have the urge to spend $7 at Cold Stone.
4	Sugar coma! that's how I am after having sweat treats in this pinky place. I was craving for sweets and we had the fortune to stop here. WARNING, make sure you have somebody to share any treat...specially if you get saturated with sugary stuff after 2 spoons. I had a Blarney dream, where the mint got lost in the butter pecan ice cream. And their Top hat sundae...I wouldn't be able to eat half of it! Be ware of what you wish for...here it may come true :).
4	Finally got to try this place. I loved the decor, definitely felt like I was in the1950's....I also liked reading the history of the establishment and that the owners are the original owners from when it first opened in 1958! Unfortunately for me I am allergic to cream....a very horrid affliction.....I can eat the fake whipped in a can cream for some reason with no problems...but give me real tasty cream and it just does not work out.....unfortunately for me but fortunately for most everyone else they serve the REAL deal....so I had to just watch as others devoured this tasty treat....I was able to order a very delicious brownie though that was to die for! It is possibly even tastier if you are able to keep the "nestled under a mountain of whip cream" as the menu reads. My husband thoroughly enjoyed the "Gosh-Awful-Gooey Banana Split".....and said he even remembers eating here years ago with his parents! An added bonus is the Family Circus Cartoon connection....go check it out!
4	Yum City! I went here with a group of friends after having a few drinks and it was delicious. My fiance and I split the "Baseball winner" which had strawberry ice cream, mint chocolate chip ice cream topped with hot fudge and melted marshmallow sauce. I thought for sure I would get the diabetes. Even though they have Family Circus cartoons, I recommend this place  for people with and without kids. If you are in old town and are looking for a sweet treat this is your place.
5	My wife and I went here yesterday for the second time in less than a week. Both times we split the Do-It-Yourself Banana Split, which was delicious. I have to tell you, this is a great ice cream parlor. It has a great comfortable feel to it. Kind of like you're going back in time to an old fashioned ice cream parlor from the fifties, but the best part was the ice cream. I'm not sure if they make their own ice cream but this stuff was delicious. For a great dessert place I highly recommend the Sugar Bowl.
4	Ok, apparently I am one of the few people who doesn't find Family Circus creepy. But even if it did, it wouldn't stop me from coming here. The portions here are big enough to share, especially if you stop by for an after dinner treat. And they have so many things to choose from and everything is so good. The atmosphere is bright and this place is usually loud and crowded. It's definitely worth a stop and it's in a great location in Old Town. Perfect way to end the night after taking a stroll at the Scottsdale Art Walk on a Thursday night.
5	My son and I have been here a few times while in Arizona for Spring Training. Killer ice cream treats. Huge portions, so plan on splitting or go hungry. Also have a fun game room that little kids would like a lot.
1	For being a quaint, old fashioned, mom and pop ice cream parlor, I give The Sugar Bowl about 3 stars. In this age of Baskin Robbins and Cold Stone, it's nice to see a real ice cream parlor with two full menu pages dedicated to delicious ice cream creations. Thats about the best I can say about the place tho.The general decor is old and run down, the attentiveness of the wait staff is mediocre at best, and the place just has a generally dirty feel to it. It is fairly clean in actuality, but has that musty pine-sol and windex smell throughout that makes it completely unappetizing. They advertise their "Family Circus" history all over the place, but that is hardly enough to sustain a restaurant like this.My real frustration however,  is the "Game Room", which at first glace appears to be their miniaturized immitation of Chuck E. Cheese, only it falls way short. The change machine that is supposed to dispense 4 tokens for $1, regularly gives only 3 tokens per dollar. Games that only cost 1 token at CEC cost as much as 4 tokens here, but quite regularly you will put a token in and not get credit for it, so they wind up costing even more. The "Candy Claw" game that *used* to be "Play til you win" is now two tokens for one try, whether you win or not, and the claw doesn't even close until it's halfway back up to the top of the machine!! Oh, and if you feel the need to complain to someone, you'll have to walk back into the restaurant to find someone, because there is never anyone in the game room to help you. When someone finally does come in to help you, they'll put on their well-rehearsed perplexed look and say "Hmm, it's never done that before"... except my 4 year old and I experience these exact same problems every time we go in. Tonight however, was the final straw. I'm tired of being ripped off by these people. The ice cream is great, the food is mediocre for what they charge, the water tastes like filtered sewer water, and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart. The game room is a waste of time, energy and money. The owners obviously know about these problems and have no intention of fixing them, as there is no way to contact them on the Sugar Bowl website. They've lost my business for no other reason than they simply don't give a damn about their customers. Maybe if things change drastically for the better, I'll consider going back, but not until then.
5	We saw this place from the car when we drove through "oldtown" Scottsdale and we knew we had to stop. It's an adorable little 50s style cafe. We skipped dinner and had only dessert. The huge sundaes were exactly what we were hoping for. Sweet, sugary and drenched in hot fudge and other toppings.This is an old-fashioned family spot. Kids and adults will love it.
3	I give Sugar Bowl a thumbs up for its ambiance. It is a fun place to take my daughter. It is always a special treat to go to and eat nothing but ice cream. But, the first time we went into Sugar Bowl we sat at the bar and ordered sundaes. When the "bartender" was scooping the ice cream we noticed it was store bought and we were disappointed. The prices are fairly reasonable, but considering that they don't make their own ice cream, I would consider it pricey for store bought. They have an arcade style room in the back with games. The kids enjoy that. It is a fun place to go on a Saturday afternoon. Especially when it is hot outside and the kids are tired of going to the movies.
4	This place is just cute good old fashioned fun! The ice cream is nothing to scream about but its a nice change of pace to the Dairy Queens, Cold Stones, and Baskin Robbins. Definitely a fun little place to take people visiting in town! I wouldn't necessarily drive out of my way to get there, especially because finding parking in old town can be a bit of a nightmare. But the prices are good, there is a bunch of video games in the back for the kids to play but the bathrooms are not so great! Avoid those is possible. But enjoy the cute Family Circus cartoons.
4	This is a place that you must bring an out of town guest to, and if you really want to be creative with how to propose marriage this would be a good place to, heck it's good for any occasions other than break-ups and affair confessions. It's a throwback to the 50s soda parlor, it's so old school, and quite cute! Everything's pink, that it almost feels like Barbie is the owner of the store and she just wanted everyone to know pink is the color of the ultimate diva! Their's a soda bar and booths, and tables and chairs, and it's a great family friendly atmosphere. During the days it attracts families and in the evening, couples, teens, and kids at heart! I like their changing flavors of the month board where you can take out either a pint of quart of their hand packed ice cream!They offer shakes, floats, splits, and cones/bowls of ice cream! love it! And during the day there's also a food menu limited to sandwiches. One thing you'll notice when seated are the many frames of Family Circle comics. Bil Keane the comic strip writer is a big fan of Sugar Bowl and alot of his comics mention the place, so it's pretty cool a comic strip celebrates the awesomeness of this old town landmark. These are my favorites, the top hat sundae, the buster brownie, the Desireme (D-Sire-Me) Banana Split and the 23 skiddoo!! Love them all and if I have no plans to go out, I'm willing to trek out from my place in Chandler to Old Town to pick up some ice cream and some quarts to go! It's laid back and chill... hence I've come back ever since I first went here back in 2005. Oh and the proposal thing happened to a friend of mine, her husband proposed to her at one of the booths... I think it was the 23 skiddoo!!
4	An old-fashioned Ice Cream place in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale?  Sign me up.  I'll be back.Lots and lots of pink on the inside, a long counter where you can sidle up and order if you don't want to wait and plenty of tables and booths if you don't mind waiting a couple minutes.Service: Service was a little slow given that we were only ordering ice cream sundaes and not hot food, but this was a very minor problem.Food:  We came just for dessert and ordered a Top Hat Sundae (creampuff filled with ice cream and topped with hot fudge) and a Tin Roof Sudae (ice cream, hot fudge, and salted Spanish peanuts).  Both were very good.  The salty peanuts were a great addition to the sweetness in the ice cream.  As for the Top Hat Sundae, the creampuff was good.  Perhaps not right out of the oven, but still good.
4	Three stars for food, with one extra twinkly pink star for cute ambiance. When you enter it is all pink, sweet old-fashioned ice cream parlor with nostalgic ice-cream themed pictures sprinkled throughout. There is an peculiar, old, but appealing smell--no bother to me, I like smelling history. We had scoops of Turkish Coffee, classic vanilla and strawberry ice cream. Yes, it's Dryer's brand and not the premium homemade so common to the Midwest but still creamy and good. The sundaes looked like delectable old-fashioned fun. Families (or anyone looking for a cute old-fashioned kick) will dig this place. They serve classic sandwiches too. Counter service will serve you quickly if you're in a hurry.
4	I look forward to going to the Sugar Bowl when I'm in Scottsdale.  Old time ice cream parlors are a vanishing breed in the US.   There are so few places left where you can get an ice cream soda.  That's why I really like this place!  There are so many ice cream treats that are not found elsewhere.  Plus, as others have pointed out, it's nice to see a place that has withstood the test of time---especially in a high growth area.  So many places come and go but the Sugar Bowl remains.Do pay it a visit if you like ice cream!  The service is friendly and prompt.  Just remember---when you are ready to pay, you don't pay the server, you go to the cash register and pay.
5	We were in town visiting for Spring Training and liked this place so much that we went twice in two nights.  It's a cute place--the desserts are delicious but I don't know about any entrees.  It's pretty crowded most of the time but that'll happen when you're serving yummy ice cream at a good price in an adorable little parlor.The staff is friendly, too.  I'd go back again in a heartbeat.Two thumbs up!
4	It's not by accident that the Sugar Bowl is one of the last original spots still standing in Old Town. Quality vs. Character? In the case of the Sugar Bowl Ice Cream Parlor, it's a little combo of both. This Old Town location is a a part of visiting Scottsdale and you have to stop by before you leave. It's been around forever. I remember going to the Sugar Bowl with my parents when I visited Phoenix as a child. Old Town, Scottsdale didn't have much else going on besides the Sugar Bowl and some western wear shops. From the ice cream bowls to the bar stools, it's straight out of a 1950's musical. Food: To be honest, this isn't the restaurant you visit for the best food in town and most people who visit know this...hence the title "Ice Cream Parlor." However, if you're looking for a quick sandwich, it's not bad. Think: a little better than the food you'd make in your own kitchen. Ice Cream: I'm an ice cream snob and love a good ice cream cone when visiting a new city or on a hot Phoenix day. Sugar Bowl ice cream hits the spot. It's exactly what you expect. Creamy, tasty and cools you down instantly. They have great combinations too; two pages full of them to be exact. I'm a chocoholic and the Buster Brownie is my go-to treat. From ice cream sodas, to specialty sundaes, to a scoop on a cone; you'll be able to find some frozen treat you like. Atmosphere: They have an arcade. Do I even need to say anything else? It's a great family-fun atmosphere for a special treat or a perfect dessert stop at the end of a date. Looking forward to the next 100+ years of the Sugar Bowl's existence!
3	When we walked in, it smelled like Swiss Cheese was on the griddle. It stayed that way the entire time...A few loud birthday celebrations going on. Cool. Its an ice cream shop. Our server did not care about what was going on  in the joint. Tried to get some birthday candles in our ice cream, didn't happen. Wasn't our birthday anyhow. Ice Cream was good, not amazing, not awful. Do note, if you're coming here expecting sugar bowls on the tables, you will be sorely shocked to find they only have sugar packets...
3	I'm disappointed to find out the ice cream isn't home-made.  It was good though.We were excited to find this out-of-place ice cream joint in the middle of Old Town.  The decor is fun for an ice cream shop, and I was thrilled to sit at the counter and order a treat.I wish the place didn't smell so bad.  It's really off-putting... spilled, spoiled milk must be everywhere.  But overall, its a good value for the money (you won't spend more than $5-6) and a cute place to stop in for a cool-off.
3	The food is good but let's be serious, you come for the dessert.  Try the Top Hat.
4	I got the Top Hat Sundae.  It is basically a big cremepuff with ice cream in the middle and it was drenched in chocolate syrup.  pretty good.  i liked it.
5	Have been going to the sugar bowl for close to 20 years and I LOVE THIS PLACE! Once in a while you might even see somebody famous having some ice cream there... I am a huge fan.. always and forever sugar bowl... don't change a thing!
2	It was 11pm on Friday and I was craving for a creamy frozen treat instead of my usual craving for tangy tart froyo. Since Sweet Republic was closed, I decided to try Sugar Bowl. I went for a simple scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was just okay. The flavor was fine but there was lots of little round ice particles I kept feeling in my mouth. Probably could've went to the local grocery market and picked up a tub of Blue Bell and got the same, if not better.
3	The gigantic pink building.  We stopped in this place for some ice cream one afternoon.  Its old school and has stools at the counter. Like an old fashioned soda fountain.   I got a walnut fudge sundae and my buddy got a banana split.  My sundae was pretty good.  Just the right amount of ice cream and toppings.  Everyone we encountered was nice and friendly.  A tad steep.  $15 bucks for ice cream but it was good enough.
4	Good ice cream but great environment!  Very cute.
5	This is a great place to hang out!! We always bring our out of town friends to check this place out. The place is very homey and cute. Lots of pink. It reminds me of high school hang outs in the old movies. The ice cream is excellent , yummy and lots of choices and affordable. I can say it is a destination place for tourists.. they have to visit this place if they come to Scottsdale...
3	I was surprised at the prices - you can get a sundae for 5 bucks!  Nowadays it seems like a milkshake costs you that much..  The items seem VERY sweet however, I guess they don't call it sugar bowl for nothing.  I think I will ask them to go easy on the fudge and get nuts or something to balance out the flavor.  I will definitely go back.
5	I am completely floored by all the reviews that are less then 5 stars! Seriously people, its ice cream, don't be so serious! I have been coming to the Sugar Bowl for yearssssss, I cant get enough of this place! Its always packed on the weekends, but the wait is hardly ever grueling. They do serve food here, think sandwiches your rad grandma would make you on a Sunday afternoon. Not mind blowing, but certainty yummy and hit the spot! I have only ever had the Top Hat here, I sub the vanilla ice cream for the coffee ice cream. This sundae is my crack! Its the fluffiest puff pastry, they cut off the top, cram a bunch of fabulous ice cream inside, put the little top back on and then smother it in the thickest, gooiest most heavenly hot fudge, ask for extra napkins (I always end up with a ring of hot fudge around my mouth like a 6 year old)!!! Yes the place has old ass wallpaper, its called history people its been around since 1958! Unlike the ever changing landscape and buildings of AZ this one has stayed true to itself. Forget the disco lights and loud music of MoJo, give me the big cushy pink booths and chipped tile floors of the glorious Sugar Bowl!!!
4	If you're into old fashioned diners, the Sugar Bowl is right up your alley. It's a great place to bring  the whole family and not spend too much. Service is usually pretty good, but either way their sundaes are delicious. I recommend the Dusty Road Sundae.I'll admit the decor is a little outdated but I like that it doesn't change. If you're in the area you should definitely stop by. There's a little arcade for the kids as well.
3	I was in search of yet another ice cream locale for my weekly Friday night sweet fix when i discovered this establishment  as i was driving through Old Town Scottsdale. Now i had heard this was an old school ice cream parlor with a nice family atmosphere and great service. All these things i found to be true....but the ice cream was another matter all together.I thought they made their own...but i was sadly mistaken. Now while the ice cream was not bad because i had a very delicious banana split sundae...i just want fresh made ice cream. Despite all of that it was a very decent place and i would recommend it to those who aren't picky about there ice cream...i just am. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Masterfully created artisan ice creams made in small batches from only the freshest, local ingredients...you won't find that at Sugar Bowl.  If that's what you're looking for, head to Sweet Republic.  Those gals are the masters of ice cream.But sometimes I want a simple sundae...or a Spectacular Banana Bowl in my case (chocolate ice cream with marshmallow topping, vanilla with strawberry, and cookies & cream with chocolate syrup) made with perfectly good ice cream, and all that for only $7.50.  That's when you'll find me in my own neighborhood at Sugar Bowl.Stopping in last weekend, their power was out, but since it wasn't too warm outside, we stayed anyway.  And guess what?  The lack of an air conditioner running in the background and no fluorescent lighting was kind of appropriate for this little old school ice cream parlor.  It reminded me of a time when ice cream was just ice cream.  No vegetables or pork products involved.  No liqueurs (unless your dad was drinking a beer while you ate your sundae).  No over analyzing the texture, sweetness, creaminess.  Just ice cream.  Of course there's not a scoop for a dime to be found either, but a scoop for $1.95 is on the menu.I also found it entertaining while my husband ran across the street to the ATM, that someone finally found the credit card imprinter, and depressing that the cashier did not know what it was or how to use it.  Times have changed.
5	I agree with Kristen E. when it comes to reviewing the ice cream.  It's ICE CREAM! And this place is ridiculously cute and nostalgic and a PERFECT date place.  I always sit at the counter, I feel like a kid or something.  As far as price, unless you're buying a pint at Bashas' you're spending this kind of money anywhere you go.  SOOOOOOOOO CUTE! love it.  I cannot speak for their food and this is not the primary reason to enter the doors at a place called SUGAR bowl :)
4	Very cute place, all decked in pink. It's a great place to stop by for a treat. We walked by the first time and was intrigued by the pink as well as arcade games inside. We decided to come back to eat after our lunch to see what's it all about. Seems to be a popular place for tourists and locals alike. We ordered the Desire Me Banana Split- vanilla and strawberry ice cream banana split, with hot fudge and whip cream. It was divine. The strawberry ice cream was my favorite, made with big chunks of ice cream. Total was $6, not bad for 2 people to share.Loved the arcade game, good for adults and children alike ;)
4	What a cute little place! Baby pink on the outside AND inside! Such a perfect place for little girls birthday party or date night. It has a retro feel because it's mainly an ice cream parlor but there's a server and waitress to your table. You have the option of also ordering it at the counter and taking it to-go. We ordered the banana split and it was great for sharing. The ice cream was creamy and full of flavor. There's an arcade side to the parlor. That was interesting and fun :-)
4	Excellent and one of a kind.
4	This place is too cute. All the pink, the Family Circus comics, and the throwback to the old school soda parlors makes the atmosphere and ambiance of this place. I've been going here for a while. I remember my pre-21 nights when I would venture out with friends for a late night treat. The place, on the weekends, would be open till midnight. I love their ice cream, I will get my mint chocolate chip ice cream to go. I also really love their Top Hat and Tin Roof Sundaes.
4	This place is great if you are looking for something sweet and are in Scottsdale. I had the tin roof sundae and it was out of this world. I love sweet and salty together. Sugar Bowl is also open late so its a great place to go if you are hungry or drunk or have the muchies and need something good to eat. The service, however, is a little slow and I would never dream of going during normal hours (I have been late at night) with the amount of kids that are probably there!
4	Okay, you know what's cute? A group of wholesome-looking teens dressed in soda counter garb and serving all-American treats to overheated tourists and locals alike.....that's cute! This place has a bit of that "throw-back" feel with the soda fountain options that you just don't see very much anymore. I had the Gold Rush, which consisted of orange sherbet, vanilla ice cream, and Sprite all blended into a 50/50 bar-esque sippable yumminess. My son really enjoyed his chocolate shake but wished there was 3 times more of it (teens...can't live with 'em, can't ever fill 'em up!) The establishment was clean and quirky and, frankly, over-staffed for that time of day...but, hey! better than the alternative, which happens all too often in this tourist town! If you're so inclined, the PHX Big Entertainment Book has a BOGO coupon for any menu item at the Sugar Bowl :)
3	What a unique place.  Haven't been to an ice cream parlor since Farells as a kid.  Nothing like sitting down at a table and searching the menu for the best ice cream treat.  I ordered a banana split and it was awesome.  Kids got the brownie sundae which i snagged a few bites from.  Great place to take the kids, or just go as an adult and relive some childhood memories.
3	If you think of an old fashioned ice cream parlor from the pre-Great Depression, Sugar Bowl would be the best place that replicates the image.  It is not quite like the scene where you have people in roller skates and drive thrus, but Sugar Bowl's interior has all pink everywhere.  You can have the option of sitting at a table or getting served on the bar to go.  I have tried the ice cream and milkshakes, and both are excellent.  I think I need to try a sundae someday because I do not see much speciality in eating a scoop of ice cream from the Sugar Bowl versus the grocery store.
3	This place is super cute! It was our stop after we had our lunch at a nearby sandwich place. They had a good selection of ice cream desserts and the staff was very friendly. I thought the ice cream was made in house but I think I was wrong. I'm pretty sure it was Dreyer's ice cream. My favorite part of this place is the arcade! My boyfriend bought $5.00 worth of tokens and we played to our little hearts desire. He barely beat my on the air hockey but I took him on the Wack a Shark (a lot like Wack a Mole). They had two basket ball games and a couple of ski balls too. There were no broken games, none that took our tokens anyway, and it was a perfect way to burn off that huge sundae we inhaled!
5	My ranking is totally based on ice cream.   I mean, it is ice cream in the middle of the freakin desert.   How can you not give five stars!!!!Cute little stop after visiting all the ridiculously high priced stores in old Scottsdale.
4	pros:over-the-top ice cream concoctionshuge servingsarcade/play area with skee ball and air hockeyin the heart of old town scottsdaleplenty of seatingfriendly employeesopen latecons:dirty tables, floors, and i don't even want to talk about the bathroom.
4	creamed walnut fudge sundae... thats all i gotta say about that!
4	Sugar Bowl makes for a great hot afternoon treat. Between the ice cream and arcade, you can't ask for a better day and there's no age limit to enjoy it! Yes, there is an arcade and it has ski ball, the basketball game, air hockey and some other games. You can get tokens and win tickets for a prize. It's perfect if you have children and are looking for something to do and it's even fun if you are an adult and want to relive your childhood one day.
2	Nothing special. Awkward line set up if you just want an ice cream cone.  Would be nice if they had line markers so everyone didn't block the door. Also would be cool if you could just pay at the counter instead of then having to wait for the cashier. Anyway, just a place to stop in downtown Scottsdale which is kind of on the lame side anyway. IMO.
4	Pretty good place for ice cream.  We hit this place up after we ate a delicious meal at Grimaldi's (review coming soon).I split a banana split with my girlfriends daughter and we pretty much plowed through it.  It was yum.There's not much to this place, but it has a cool 50s diner feel to it and there is a game room.  It was pretty damn cold, so bring a jacket.Good times!
3	So after eating a seriously mediocre meal at Roaring Fork for the BF's birthday, we decided to get dessert here. This place is crazy looking... all pink and old school. I wouldn't say it's nice.... it's kitschy. We ordered the tin roof (vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and peanuts). Well it came out.... but didn't have any whipped cream. Come to find out they are out of whipped cream.... well that sucks for an ice cream place. And again birthday fail. But the ice cream was good, especially in combo with the peanuts, but nothing super special. The vanilla did have little black dots in it, which I think is important to vanilla ice cream in my opinion. Well... the BF liked it, so that's what matters.
2	Maybe it's a backlash to all the hype I've heard about this place, but I was seriously disappointed.Yes, Sugar Bowl has old-fashioned charm. Yes, it has history. Yes, it has many Family Circus prints on its walls.But the ice cream just isn't that good. It's not homemade; it's just Dryer's. When we went, we also got to try the caramel and the chocolate sauces.  They were almost the same thing: overwhelmingly sweet, but lacking in real flavor.If you're in the mood for a nostalgic experience, Sugar Bowl might be for you. If you're looking for good ice cream ... keep looking.
3	Good location & Love the pink, but the ice cream was just OK. Being that when I went, it was super crowded & had to wait a very long time to eat, It  just wasn't worth it for me. If you are in the area & the place is not busy, its worth the trip because the place is still very charming & makes you feel like you stepped into a 50's malt shop. Not too many places like this around anymore.
4	OMG!!! I have been going here for years!  I remember I would go here everytime I went and got my braces tightened because my mom always thought I deserved a special treat!  The reason that I am giving it 4 stars is because the food just does not compare to the ice cream treats!!  I love the malts...I love the rootbear sodas...the brownie and marshmellow sundae...the banana split with hot fudge and caramel.  All the treats are fabulous!  It is perfect for families and kids!  I am looking forward to the day that I bring my son here!  It is right in the heart of old town scottsdale and it is so cute...it has not changed in the 17 years that I have gone here!  I love it and I will always be a fan!  Everyone should try this place at least once!
4	I came here after driving by and seeing the cute decor outside. It was after dinner & I wasn't super hungry but had thought it was a quick ice cream spot.Boy, was I wrong!We were seated and I loved all the pink decor. It definitely felt like a 50's ice cream parlor. They had plenty of menu items & I decided to go with a brownie ala mode with a scoop with chocolate chip. A little disappointed as they were out of Cookies & Cream and Chocolate Chip Mint (two of my faves). Not sure if they had a sudden rush of orders on those flavors or just didn't have enough in stock. Friendly staff and everyone seemed like a local who came there often.
1	Last time I checked, customer service for family and community orientated businesses was supposed to be key.  Unfortunately, the owners of the Sugar Bowl are not equipped to provide any friendliness-factor.It's okay that the Sugar Bowl doesn't do group events, but the way to communicate that information to your customers isn't "I'm really going to pass. No. I need to interrupt because the answer is no." There are so many ways to communicate a message, but rudeness is a way to lose business fast.History or no history, the Sugar Bowl has lost this customer for good.
3	The ice cream is good, although they use mini marshmellows rather than marshmellow swirl in their rocky road, not my thing.The atmosphere is kitchy; very pink.
2	The Sugarbowl was not as great as I thought it would be.  I had the turkey salad sandwich which was ok. My friends had the turkey sandwich and cheeseburger. Both said they were pretty good.  Then came the desserts. The carmel and chocolate sundaes were ok but nothing spectacular.  The buster brownie was a bust. The brownie was not warmed up and was hard.  I like the nostalgia of the place but I will not be back.
4	Sugar Bowl is a fun, whimsical ice cream shop in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. It's cheap, yummy and makes you feel like a kid again. I have never had regular food there but if it is a sweet treat you're looking for, this is your place!
4	Not bad it was a little hot inside.
3	I love going to Sugar Bowl when I am in town! The ice cream is so good and decadent. I see other reviews saying that you can find what they have in other places but I have to disagree. They have such a diverse, creative, tasty menu. I haven't seen anything that really compares. I just wish they would give the place a little remodel because it truly is a diamond in the rough. And service at the counter could be a bit more attentive. They haven't really had one dedicated server at the counter when we've gone. Regardless it's been a great place over the years to stop in at for a break in the middle of shopping or driving around.
3	I like this place purely for nostalgic reasons.  It is super pink and super sweet and super cheesy.  You come here a lot on first dates (when the date doesn't involve tons of alcohol in old town scottsdale that is, and when you are longing for a simpler time). The ice cream is good.  Not super high butter fat, coat your mouth and tongue, eww this is a stick of butter ice cream, but I will say I wish things were a little less sweet.  Everything will make you diabetic.  I've never had the savory items here, I've had only the sundaes and the desserts.  You can admire all the Family Circus memorabilia hanging around and then long for a time when you are presented a bill and you don't get sticker shock.  It's not super cheap I'll warn you.  But I've been coming here for so many years I'd be heartbroken if it was gone.  Then Scottsdale will truly be dead to me.
3	Come here for the Top Hat sundae, which is a big ice cream filled cream puff, or the Dusty Road, a chocolate and malt sundae. Come for the cute mural on the wall or the old Family Circle cartoons. And the location is perfect if you're taking visitors around to look at Old Scottsdale.Don't come for the dirty walls, the booths that are falling apart or the dust-covered knick-knacks. Every time we go we end up having the same conversation- "This place is always packed, they're making money. Why don't they clean the place up?"
1	This place really should get 5 stars but it doesn't even deserve 1.Why?Well for starters unless you go there when it opens it pretty dirty with napkins and bits of food on the floor and on the seats. No excuse for this.  Secondly, the bathrooms are ALWAYS disgusting.  Honestly I don't know how it passes inspection with the bathrooms alone.It is a great location and the ice cream is pretty damn good. Nothing fancy. It's old school ice cream, and for that it's fantastic.  The non-ice cream items (burgers, sandwiches, etc) should be avoided. Just get the ice cream.Finally, like others have said the owners (not so much the staff) are on the rude side.  I have seen customers get yelled at because they asked for their table or chair to wiped down.  Maybe over the years they have become jaded seeing the countless number of drunks coming in here and acting like they own the place.  I can tell you that when he was yelling at the customer above she was very polite and it was in the mid-afternoon. I hope that someday this place gets bought by someone who loves customers and much as many people love this place out of nostalgia. For the past several years this place has lost its sparkle and I really would like to see it return to its former glory.
4	The  Sugar Bowl is a traditional ice cream parlor.There's no frozen mixing station, no exotic additives, no movie merchandise tie-ins, no deep fried butter.In service since at least the 1960s, this venerable restaurant chiefly serves ice cream.  I know they serve other food, but I'm not interested in anything but dessert when I come here.   I've been an occasional customer for years.  I come in late at night, and I order ice cream and coffee.  With a minimum of fuss, I get ice cream and coffee.  If they are out of the flavor I'm after, there are several others that make up the lack.  The place is reasonably clean (busy, but not messy), and the service is good.Give it a try.  You'll probably like it.
2	We went here last night before dinner to grab a snack while we waited on our reservations at a restraurant nearby. The place is charming with its 1950s traditional ice cream parlor decor all done up in pink and white. In the back room there is a half way done kid's area with a couple of old games. Although the atmosphere is sweet on the surface and the staff was nice- the place lacks in cleanliness. The floors were dingy (they need a good strip, scrub and wax) and the restrooms were hideous and dirty! I'm with the previous reviewers in that the place needs a good cleaning.Our group ordered a few cones and while my rasberry sherbert was good- we'll likely be going elsewhere for a sugar fix next time.
5	What's not to like about ice cream (unless you have a lactose allergy, of course!).  The inside is adorable and it offers a ton of ice cream options, so there's something for everyone.  Great staff here as well...our server was fabulous!  To the reviewers complaining about cleanliness...I have a bit of OCD--especially at restaurants.  Was the bathroom the cleanest/nicest I've ever used?  No--I would say more "old" than "dirty", but at least it worked and had soap (ever been to a restaurant where there's no soap in the bathroom...how gross.).  I didn't notice any crumbs on the floor or on seat cushions...In my opinion though, I'd rather have crumbs on the floor than have someone sweeping or vacuuming next to me while I'm trying to eat.
1	After a long, stressful day, I was craving a hot fudge sundae after dinner with real ice cream (not dairy queen). I live down the street from the Sugar Bowl so that is where I headed. I need that little pick me up and smile that ice creams brings me. Apparently, I went to the wrong place. They were out of whipped cream....you can't have a hot fudge sundae without whipped cream!! I had to ask for nuts and then when I went to pay at the cashier cage the guy NEVER looked at me, said anything to me and NEVER even thanked me. What is going on???? Talk about ruining my evening! Maybe I went with my hopes to high, but is it too much to ask for a thank you?? I paid almost $7 for a sundae with no whip cream, no smile and a big bowl of irritation. THANKS!
4	Nothing really to complain about. Personally, I think this is a better place to go just for a sundae after dinner. The food here is somewhat plain.The ice cream however, is amazing. My favorite sundaes were the top hat sundae (vanilla ice cream inside a giant cream puff, with chocolate on top), and the dusty road sundae (chocolate ice cream with malt). Most sundaes you can order in half sizes, which is a little bit smaller and a little bit cheaper.The atmosphere is fun, it's all pink including the outside. It definitely feels like your in a diner or something. There is also a bar thingy with stools that you can sit at rather than a table. Don't forget to check out the game room! I don't think I went there once without playing air hockey with someone.The service is great, the first time we went, they brought us water twice within the first two minutes! I also remember this one girl was my waitress almost every time I went after that and she was so funny!The prices are pretty fair in my opinion, the sundaes are really big and hard for a normal person to finish. not for me, however.On a side note, if you do decide to get the top hat sundae, keep in mind that cutting apart a cold cream puff with a spoon is not the easiest thing in the world. If you accidentally fling a piece of ice cream covered cream puff across the restaurant like I did, try to do it when nobody is walking by.
4	This place is strictly a dessert place.  While they serve food, I would skip the food and go right to the dessert.  At least that is what I do, being that I have only eaten dessert at this place.I have been here 3 times, all of which have been very good.  My only complaint is that the sundae's are a little pricey and the decor is pretty dated.  But it is an authentic retro, ice cream parlor.The sundaes are always made up to perfection.  They have many unique flavors and I have enjoyed each one.  Next time you are in need for a sugar fix, give this place a try!
4	Neat diner - really one of a kind in PhoenixI've been to the Sugar Bowl a few times. It's a fun place for the family, good burgers, GREAT ice cream, a good place for lunch or to take your kids.
1	Sweet Spot.......NO it's not!C'mon, it's pink. It's got ice cream inside. It's retro. Everything here screams "this place is Tubular, Hip, Rad, Cool, Tight, Phat" So whats the deal? First off, I was under the impression they had homemade ice cream. They don't. It's Dreyers. With canned whipped toppings, canned cherries, canned sauces.....nothing here is unique!  Aha, besides the decor! I blew through 1500 calories + for garbage. I was very dissapointed. So let me get on to the dish I had. I ate half of "The Top Hat". Described as a creampuff stuffed with rich vanilla ice cream and covered with hot chocolate. Sounds good doesn't it? The cream puff shell which should be light and fluffy with a "slight" pull was extremely tough, flavorless, dry and I am assuming old! How can they even call it a cream puff when the best part (the cream) is non existent? So my dry ball was filled with Dreyers ice cream. Not good.  We actually ate lunch first. They have an "American" menu. Egg Salad, BLT, Burgers, Tuna, Grilled Cheese etc.... . The problem is nothing was good. I ordered a patty melt. The burger was tasteless and very, very  small. Id say about the size patty you would find on a Mcdonalds Kids Cheeseburger. The Kicker....No fries. No Fries? What the Fuck? Chips?Stick these chips in some ice cream and get creative. Daughter had a BLT, two strips, yes, two strips of bacon on wonder bread. Coleslaw was the WORST I HAVE EVER HAD! This place just sucks. Huge upset for a place I was really looking forward to. I try to review the food as much as possible but I have to say this about the service. SSLLOOWW! We had a group of 8 and our waitress could only bring out 2 drinks at a time. 4 damn trips to just get our drinks. They charge for refills too! I guess that is how they keep that nostalgic feel because restaurants have not been charging refills since the days of the flood!
2	DH came to take me to lunch to celebrate a new job in a new city (oh....this burgh girl isn't too sure about this yet...). I had heard about the Sugar Bowl from some locals and it was only a block away - I thought why not? It is definitely retro.And pink. Very pink. Way too pink.  The only thing missing is the hair nets.  I don't think they have remodeled since opening 58 years ago and, according to DH, they haven't cleaned the men's room during that time either ;)We didn't do dessert and maybe we should have because lunch was not anything to write back home about.  They advertised corn chowder as the soup of the day - and I was so ready for a good bowl of soup. It just wasn't happening. It was - and I am ready to bet the bank on this - a can of creamed-style corn with some diced boiled potatoes and a few sprinkles of bacon. That was it. Corn chowder? Not even close. No white sauce. No cream base. Nothing. A can of cream-style corn.Now, I am the first to admit - you can make a good quick chowder out of that can - but you need to do a little white sauce, a little butter, some seasonings. Just dumping it - no, that is not acceptable.And not even hot -At $4.50 a bowl, you got less than a cup of soup as measured in any other restaurant. It was in a shallow tiny bowl, almost monkey dish size.DH order the turkey sandwich. Meh. It was turkey and bread and lettuce and mayo. No tomato.  Served with chips. Not worth the $8 price tag for sure.I ordered a side of their nut bread with cream cheese. It was okay. Not bad, not great, Ok.For $18+ for a sandwich, a Diet, a cup of soup, and nut bread, it was not worth it at all. All in all, not worth a lunch trip again - although the place was slowly filling up with locals (mostly older).  Maybe I will try dessert there some time but as far as food goes....these boots will keep on walking....
1	Came in with my dad during one sweltering August night, lured in by the cute 50's ambience and by the nostalgia of going to the Sugar Bowl as a kid.  The people who worked there were simply rude, barely acknowledging our presence.  When we ordered I saw that he scooped out of a container that said Dreyer's. If a sundae could be bland, this was. I know a lot of places used mass-produced ice cream, but I would go to Sweet Republic in a heartbeat over this place.
2	this place just looks super cute. has that old town feel but not really worth going to unless you are grabbing some desert to go.came here for lunch a few months ago..not impressed with the food. with so many places to go around old town, i would say skip the food. nothing special.the service is also very ehhhit's more of a to-go dessert place if you are craving a sundae!  they have a decent selection of ice cream but it's very rich and a pint of ben and jerrys or haagen daaz will probably satisfy your craving (for cheaper too)
3	Had their Almond pralines ice cream.  It was good but disappointment I only had 3 roasted almond in my whole dish.  The ice cream was also very melty.  The brownie thing M had looked so good.  I guess I need to come back and try another item.  The service was great!!!
1	I wanted to like this place, I really did.  I vaguely remember going here with my mother often when I was young to get ice cream and dinner and apparently I remember it being much much better.  We showed up on this hot winter day wanting some ice cream and some burgers.  We had a cranky two year old who had not eaten and had not yet had her nap.  Upon first walking in we realized it was busy as there were plenty of butts in the seats and not enough people running around taking care of them.  Understaffed? Surely not. (sarcasm, if you couldn't tell)We gave them our name and a larger party came in behind us.  They were sat before we were and still we stood, tapping our foot with our child growing more and more unwieldly.  Finally we were taken into the play room area, yes there is a small arcade off to the side where children can obtain tickets to buy little bobbles.  Our two year old was instantly interested.  Upon being sat and handed some water both daddy and daughter were running around with a fresh dollar to find some fun.  I made sure to find out what he wanted before he left so we could order quickly.Quickly did not come.  Daddy and daughter returned before the server showed up.  Finally, she did show and I ordered our food and some ice cream for the baby.Food took about as long as I figured it would with a busy kitchen and many patrons.  I was not very impressed.  The food was alright and definitely not worth the price.  The ice cream was also not impressive as I have had much better at G-Spot or even Cold Stone yet it was comparable in price to these two places.As I said, I wanted to like this place.  I was feeling nostialgic and only wanted to experience a restaurant that I used to visit with my mother with my child and her daddy and now I can say that I have and will probably never return.In Conclusion, unless you have a good reason to check this place out, don't bother.  It's not even worth the nostalgia.
4	I find myself going to the Sugar Bowl whenever I have out of town company visiting.This place is so cute; a historical old fashioned ice cream parlor in the heart of old town Scottsdale. It's pink and filled with old school diner booths and tables, or you can sit at the counter. The menu has classic burgers, sandwiches and soups. Years ago I used to enjoy their BLTs with avocado, but since I no longer eat meat I do find it a challenge to find something I want on the menu. For this reason I usually go for the ice cream, which is rich and creamy. My husband felt ambitious ordering two scoops-rocky road and almond praline, and couldn't finish it. My sister powered through her two scoops of chocolate and chocolate chip. I ordered a small hot fudge sundae with chocolate mint chip, and the best part was the hot fudge at the bottom of the bowl. Yum. Our bill was just under $13. Our server was friendly and prompt with the order. This place is celebrating 50 years!!!
5	dairy does not agree with my belly, but sometimes i just have to "man-up" and "go for it" because "it is what it is".Cece G said it best....it is highly recommended to bring a friend and order 1 thing (unless it's just a scoop). otherwise, you will be jabbing yourself multiple times with an emergency diabetes pen. the ice cream servings are huge, and i couldn't finish my 2 scoops of almond praline and rocky road. although both were equally decadent and rich and oh so tasty. my wife had the mint chip with hot fudge and i'm not a big fan of mint ice cream, however, upon tasting hers, it was very, very tasty. my sis-in-law bested me and finished her 2 scoops, but now she is laid out on the couch in stretchy pants.a great place in old town...it epitomizes the vision of yesteryear when i'm sure scottsdale was a bit more romantic and innocent. i hope it stays around for many more "50 year" anniversaries.
3	Sugar bowl ice cream is yummy but what ice cream isn't? let's just say if one day I was craving ice cream, I wouldn't think of coming here specifically for theiiir tubs. Very average stuff.. similar to Breyers/ Dryers. What I diiid like was the price, their abundant seating area and location (=
4	If this place were to have opened up last week it would probably last 6 months.  But it has generations of history and patronage on its side so it will remain a Scottsdale icon.  The ice cream is decent but the real draw is the nostalgia and feeling of family.
3	I've lived in AZ for 26 years and never been here before. Wasn't outstanding but ok. Got the bittersweet chocolate sundae with one scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream. Didn't taste bittersweet. Better places to go than this place. Like Sweet Republic.
3	Creeeeepy. Very pink. Slow service. Brimming with weird old people. Ice cream was good, though.
3	this place is so pink! and cute. we shared the spectacular banana bowl but subbed turkish coffee ice cream for vanilla.  YUM. the ice creams were all pretty good (turkish coffee was by far my favorite) and the toppings were pretty standard.  i loved the addition of the spanish peanuts.  and considering how big the sundae was, it was super cheap!
2	The ice cream here is delicious, but the service is horrendous. There always seems to be 10+ people working here, yet they often seemed annoyed to have patrons. This place is adorable, and has deep roots in old Az. Come on, Sugar Bowl, step it up a little.
4	Super cute place for a date. :)
5	Yum yum yum. Why sit at a bar in Old Town Scottsdale when you could be sitting at the Sugar Bowl counter on a Saturday night? What? I'm a nerd? Yes, yes I am. But everything on the Sugar Bowl menu is amazingly delicious and tastes so fresh!  One scoop of their ice cream is a HUGE amount, so when I want an "extra fancy" ice cream dish I grab a friend or two to split it with. I had the Desireme Banana Split last night and it was great, but very large.The whole place is covered in old fashioned pink stripe ice cream, pink booths, pink paintings, etc. The only downside is the bathroom, which is not pink, just dirty. Also, they don't give you napkins unless you ask and there aren't any on the tables, which seems kind of silly, for an ice cream joint.
2	The event seems as if passed in another lifetime, yet simultaneously, I recall it as if it were only but a moment ago.Clear as ever, it haunts my reverie and dashes my tourist-y vintage soda shop dreams to smithereens... nothing more than ancient affections, now turned to dust.What could possibly tarnish my fond childhood recollections of the Sugar Bowl?Him. He sat there, idle, fondling a morsel of something. Suddenly, he was off... advancing towards the counter at lightning speed, straight towards my prized possession. He approached it without hesitation, and before I knew it, a cockroach had crawled up my sundae.'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.... save for when you unknowingly loved something infested with cockroaches. Then, it becomes debatable.
2	I took my niece here for a pretty bad experience. The play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies. Too touristy and too gimmicky. Will not waste time here again.
4	We ended the evening here with a scoop of raspberry sorbet, delish! Prices are cheap. Quality is huge and fun atmosphere. Great fun for all!
5	Super yummy ice cream! Have been 2 nights in a row, could come every night! Decently priced, cute and clean. Fun for the entire family! (:
5	My parents and my sister and I went to the Art Stoll last Thursday and after we had had enough of that, we needed some desert and the closest place we found was the Sugar Bowl.  We had found the place while on our way to dinner a few days before.   Anyways, the deserts we had were amazing.  I really liked the brownie ice cream, despite the fact that they had ran out of whip cream.  While there weren't a lot of dishes that didn't have some sort of nuts on it, I and my family were certainly were satisfied with the choices that we made.  Wished we could have ordered some fries afterwards though.  Definitely will go again when in town.
2	I know this is an iconic restaurant in Scottsdale and was hoping for much more. There are only a few flavors of ice cream.  While the Top Hat sundae and the malt were good, the ice cream cone was just so-so. The ice cream does not taste home made - I'm guessing Blue Bell???The decor is tired - I remember this restaurant looking exactly the same way 25 years ago!The service was poor and our waitress barely spoke above a whisper.
3	The charm and decor of an old time ice cream  parlor with the horrible service of the present day.The silverwear was dirty and my ice cream was used with a dirty scooper, while else would cookies and cream have hints of praline flavor?Nevertheless, ice cream is ice cream and who doesn't love that?
4	Good ice cream, decent burger...games, cartoons on the wall made specifically for this place, right on the corner in Old Town...great place for families and kids.
1	Overpriced vittles and undertrained staff.  A) They were out of carbonized water, so the only options left were the $5 malts or water. With no apologies.B) The daily special (a small slab -1/6 of the 8" pie- of quiche and a fair size helping of fruit) was $9.  C) The wait staff was barely courteous.  We waited almost 10 minutes to place our order while I observed them counting tips, hovered around the cashier.  They put our water, food, utensils on our table without so much as a "pardon me".  They checked in once before asking if I was ready for my ticket.  And the table next to me had their menus open and laid out while their server put their water ::on:: their menus.  Not.Cool.D) I wasn't hip with the almost family-style seating. We were uncomfortably close to our stranger-neighbors.  So much so that I could too easily hear their conversations.  Oy!E) The manager? older gentleman wandering around had a stained shirt on.  What?  Wear an apron dude.If you're in Scottsdale for a visit - find a place where your $25 will get you more than a half-full tummy.
1	I keep wanting to like this place.  I want to support a local business, and yet....Last year I took my two boys there after a theater performance (Greasepaint!   Excellent!), and after we placed our orders for lunch, I took out our SET game (it's a card game that does not use a traditional deck - great fun).  WIthin moments, the server was back at our table.  "You can't do that."  "What?  Play cards?  It's not gambling." (Maybe I was wrong, but living here, you start to assume that an objection to something must be religion based).  "The owners don't allow it."  "They don't allow it?  It's a matching game."  "No.  You'll have to put it away."Now.  I would understand not wanting us to sit and play cards if we'd finished eating and were just holding a table (assuming it was busy).   However, this was during the gap between ordering and eating.  I KNOW I should've just left then.  Instead, I made my kids happy and we stayed for lunch (and ice cream!).  A couple months ago I (foolishly) decided to try again.  Didn't bother with the cards this time.  The lousy thing this time was the mold on my son's bread.  They DID remove the sandwich from the bill, but eish.    I'd kind of like the "Restaurant Impossible" guy to come in here and give it an overhaul.  I don't mind the nostalgia stuff, but the place does need a solid going over.
4	The desserts here are to die for. Everytime I go, I always get the cream puff ice cream dessert and never regret it.The food is definitely not my favorite and the service has been pretty slow the past few times I have come, even when it's not packed full of people, which is why it's not 5 stars. It's definitely a unique dining experience so for that reason alone, I would advise anyone who hasn't visited SugarBowl, to check it out!
4	Oh, Sugar Bowl. I die in a sundae of cuteness.I am looking beyond your worn pink leather seats and peeling wallpaper to see the Zoe Deschanel-like adorableness beneath. Could you use a day at the spa? Yes. What lady doesn't from time to time? I sure hope you get one soon.My friends and I had walked around Old Town for a couple of hours and it was time for a birthday treat (yes, it was my friend's birthday!). Since I was hot from walking, I stuck with what first caught my eye: the Golden Nugget. This concoction is orange sherbet, vanilla ice cream and Sprite all whipped up. YES. It was refreshing and just enough sweet. One friend got a root beer float and the birthday girl had a brownie sundae both of which were declared delicious.The menu seemingly has not changed since the place opened in 1959 (ham salad?) but the food ordered by our neighbors smelled good and was reminiscent of your typical diner fare.Sugar Bowl, you need a little fixing up. I'm not saying you need to change, because gosh, you're cute. But just, you know, a little updating. A little nip and tuck, that's all. Keep it fresh. The young cynical youth will appreciate you a bit more.
4	If you are looking for an old fashioned ice cream parlor this is the spot.  The food is also old school diner type food, the meatloaf is pretty good, but it is meatloaf after all, not a porterhouse steak.  The desserts are rich and the ice cream is decent, wish they would have more flavors though.  The servers are mostly young High School age kids who sometime spend too much time talking with their friends.  It is what it is.
3	We stopped here for a snack because my wife had read about it in a magazine and remember it from the Family Circus comic. We sat at the counter. Service was a little slow to take our order. Once ordered, the ice cream came fairly quickly. We each got sundaes. They were ok, it was ice cream, nothing special and they only gave me half a cherry on my sundae.
4	Very family-friendly; one area of the restaurant is kid-oriented. Service was fast and friendly and the prices reasonable. Delicious ice cream.
2	Boyfriend got a strawberry sundae and it just a couple of sliced berries & a tiny bit of strawberry topping. I ordered a root beer float & it was a disaster.  It came w/the glass in a shallow saucer and was bubbling over (????). Ice cream was so hard that I couldn't push it down into the root beer  to even melt it. It reacted like a volcano sending root beer swamping the saucer and then the table. I had to get up & ask for napkins or a rag then my server said "Wow that's crazy . Ummmm do you want some more root beer for it?". No just let the ice cream warm up a tad then add root beer not the other way around. There is a gelato place across the street with better service and their stuff is delicious.  I know it's old school Scottsdale but it needs an overhaul. Stop coasting on tourists
5	I feel like a little kid when I go here. I get all warm and fuzzy! i've only had their desserts and I LOOOOOVE them!
4	I'm so glad I saved room for dessert while walking around Old Town. Sugar Bowl looked like an old soda shoppe. There were clips of Family Circus in their menus and autographed copies on the walls and at the cashier station.I didn't try the food, I came in strickly for some sugary goodness. I went with the desire me banana split, and let me tell you- It will not dissapoint. Strawberry and vanilla ice creams, sliced banana and strawberries, whipped cream and a cherry. Yum!!There's also an arcade attached to the restaurant, it looked like it had tables as well, so it'd be great for visiting with kids.
1	Last night (5/11) my Husband, Son and I stopped in for dessert.  We asked if we could please sit at one of the round tables. We were immediately told no they are for "5 or more". The waitress sat us at a  tiny booth with one chair that was jammed into the next table.The person sitting in that chair would not even be able to lift their arm without hitting the next person. My husband went up to see the Mgr to see if we could sit at the round table. He said no, they are for "4" or more. My husband told him we would order for four if we could just be comfortable.  He said no and he let us walk out the door. Well goodbye Sugar Bowl.  We are year round residents that have been coming to the Sugar Bowl for many years. There are several very good ice cream parlors in town that we don't have to be treated this way.  Visit Sweet Republic...you'll be comfortable and the ice cream is fabulous.
3	Need more flavors and our malts came to us pretty much melted. The service was good. Old fashion pink atmosphere . Some arcade games with tokens/ tickets.
3	Worth the experience but average ice cream, ambiance and service.
3	The ice cream is good, but it's way overpriced. The decor is something out of the 50s. It's a cool place to visit once, but you'd be better off going to cold stone.
1	Being the first time here, we have been let down on all the raving on how great it is first... Our server was soooo rude and could care less if we where helped or not , then we asked recommend us on the top sellers, we picked " top hat "something ... POINTLESS! Not thing special. A piece of bread with vanilla ice cream and a OVER load of fuge . And did I forget to mention... Over price?  Once he served us our ice cream, he never bother to check on us until we asked for our check . And still had us waiting ! Never am I coming her again...
3	Came in for desert.  Service was terrible.  Ice-cream was good, but was it better than what i can get at a Diary Queen - I am not so sure.  Nostalgic atmosphere for sure, but not a lot else going for it, sorry
4	The food is good, but not great.  They have awesome ice cream, shakes, floats, etc!!!  My children really enjoyed!
4	I've been living locally the past 14 years and didn't try the Sugar Bowl until just last night. I love that you can sit at a table and be helped by a server just for dessert. The menu was full of classics and different concoctions of ice creams, sauces, and other sweets--the hardest part of our visit there was making a decision. I opted for the Buster Brownie (sub out the chocolate for caramel), my boyfriend enjoyed the Top Hat Sundae and OMG--yumbo. Overall this place has the right price, impressive dessert, and a super cute atmosphere. Great date night spot for Old town Scottsdale.
3	I grew up in Phoenix and my daddy took me to the Sugar Bowl for ice cream every few months or so, for years starting about age 5 when we first moved there and lived in a motel down the street for a while until we found a house.  I loved pink as a girl and this place had that, in spades. I liked hot fudge sundaes. Dad used to say it wasn't as good at Mary Coyle's ( I don't know how to spell that) which closed for a while in the 70's I think,and then came back "wrong" ( like Buffy) , but it was a good runner up. I didn't care, it was ice cream, and it was good. Ice cream in Arizona is ESPECIALLY good. It's freaking hot there all the time, which makes you appreciate cold yumminess even more.Maybe it's a little outdated, but it's still sweet.
4	We went to this place on Monday night.  OMG.  So nostalgic for me and my husband who grew up with Swensen's.  It's the same idea with a limited food menu and a very extensive ice cream sundae/dessert/milkshakes/soda menu.  The place looks like it was taken from the 50's with the cute pink decor and real soda fountain.  We could do without the mini-arcade next door.  Prizes are lame for the amount of tickets required (100 tickets for a small bouncy ball).  It was great fun and our kids were asking to go back.The Sugar Bowl is located in Old Town Scottsdale, so it is in a really cute section of town.
5	"Gosh-Awful-Gooey Banana Split: fresh banana split lengthwise, Turkish coffee ice cream blanketed with caramel sauce, red raspberry sorbet smothered in marshmallow sauce with delicious whip and a juicy maraschino cherry atop." Heaven!!
4	Our server was really friendly and made small talk with our group, and the ice cream was definitely a plus since its extremely hot outside (even at night). Not much to say from a tourist except that it's a really cute place to go.I would recommend going here, and I'm not even the type of person that likes to leave the house.
4	In the best interest of everyone, due to my minor lactose intolerance, I don't do ice cream often.  But, Sugar Bowl is worth it!!  No, it is not the fancy shmancy ice cream infused with liqueur, or homemade, hand-churned with all natural ingredients from the desert...It is just good, old, run-of-the-mill, GOOD ice-cream.  Ice-cream is kind of like pizza, the bad stuff is still pretty good, and this is definitely better than most.  What sets Sugar Bowl apart is the old fashion style sundaes with whip cream and cherries (the philosophy of if it isn't broken why fix it definitely applies here), along with the traditional, charming, atmosphere of an old-school ice-cream parlor.  I would tell you my favorite desserts, but you might as well look at the menu because I would have typed the majority of it.  I have only had dessert here and not tried the food, but I don't really think the 'food' is what you come here for.  Sugar Bowl takes me  back to being a kid and making my own sundaes at home...it HAD to be in the 'fancy' ice-cream dish, with a cute spoon to eat it with, and LOTS of chocolate!  And that is what makes it worth the hour long belly ache afterward ;)
3	This is a charming classic American diner. We went to get ice cream and sat at the bar. The soda jerks worked furiously and enthusiastically to serve customers. Unfortunately, other members of the staff were none too interested in their jobs, including the ones who stood around chatting and ignored me at the register as I waited to pay. it's nothing fancy, but a decent place to stop for a classic feel and traditional scoop of ice cream. Based on the staff attitude outside of those at the bar, I suspect the table dining experience would not be as pleasant.
3	Cute old fashioned ice cream parlor. seemed to have a lot of regulars. we were just there to get a banana split which was very goodenjoyed the family circus cartoons
1	I was very excited to try this place out so we went there for a special treat for my son's birthday. The food (burgers)  was gross! Very gross. VERY gross! The server ignored my son (didn't even ask his drink order)  and couldn't have cared less that it was his birthday! The staff looked a little tired and very bored. We didn't wait around to try and get ice cream. We weren't feeling good after lunch! The place is cute with all the pink but it could use a good deep cleaning. I love Family Circus cartoons. I was very disappointed.
5	Amazing! Top 2 Sundaes- 1. Buster Brownie and 2. Dusty Road Sundae. You won't want anything else! :)
4	Came in with my kids on Saturday lunch, wasn't too busy.  This is a classic ice cream parlor with counter and table service.We focused on the ice-creams, so cannot comment on the rest of the menu.  Each kid had a banana split, ice cream is good quality with a wide mix of topping.  Kids loved it, and could not finish what they had.Place is clean and service was very attentiveI will be back with the kids and would recommend to others!
4	Creamy, delicious ice cream in a fun old-fashioned feeling place. The price was right too, with a large single-scoop cone costing about $2.
5	Went there twice this past weekend and was met both times with absolutely unsurpassed service and sundaes.  They bring you water as soon as you sit down, which I appreciate as it always helps me make more clear headed menu choices.  And no matter what I chose off the menu I wasn't disappointed.Anything you want ice cream wise, they will deliver!  No request is completely out of bounds, and each server I had was extremely friendly, they made me feel so comfortable.  I want to come back to Phoenix just for another sundae.
4	We came here to eat ice cream for my dads birthday since it's the only parlor in the area, the grandkids loved the arcade and the huge portions. Since the main attraction is the ice cream naturally its pricier... The pink chairs and booths are cute and add nicely to the ambiance without taking over to make guys uncomfortable lol!
4	Great shakes!  What a cool lookin' place.
2	For nostalgic purposes only. The ice cream and sundaes are weak and it is looking so grungy and run down these days. Get your sweets fix elsewhere.
3	Looking for an old school ice cream parlor experience with a ton of Old Town history?  This is your place!With simple menu offerings from ice cream and sundaes, special creations, milkshakes and malts, you're sure to get your sugar fix on... and if you're in the mood for something savory, they offer a limited selection of salads, sandwiches, and burgers too.  I can't speak to the food offerings though.  On a recent visit for a friend's birthday, I went with a scoop of their ice cream flavor of the day (it happened to be pumpkin) and a slice of their homemade banana nut bread.  Both were sweet and edible and servings are pretty generous too.  I must admit however, that neither blew me away.  We sat in the arcade area and service was attentive enough, but I can't say I'll be rushing back.  There is something to be said for the old school feel of this place, but I'm a sucker for all of the many frozen yogurt and even soft serve ice cream places out there now-a-day... My advice? Go to Sugar Bowl every now and again for the overall experience and don't think about your diet when you're there.  Enjoy!
4	Sarah was our server, sweet as the dessert on their menu & took good care of all 5 of us! Sugar bowl reminds me of the old fashioned ice cream parlors I've only seen on black and white tv. They have burgers & sandwiches, not just dessert as I had imagined driving by all these years.Of course this girl had dessert, the Desireme Banana Split, yes still living in sweats and pajama jeans or Thanksgiving pants as our server coined them! Worth it, right down to the last drop of marshmellow sauce!!! There unfortunately was an issue with my Patty melt, I'm not one to complain but the thing was still mooing, they were swift to correct the issue(at no charge)and exchanged it for a quieter, more cooked version! We all enjoyed dessert, dinner & even games in their arcade, it was a fabulous family night out!
4	A classic Scottsdale staple.  Nothing has changed in decades and I love it that way.
4	Used to live in the tri-city area and going to the Sugar Bowl was a mandatory stop for my Saturday outings with my mom.  Since moving away, I have only been back to Arizona sporadically.  This time, I made a special trip to Sugar Bowl with the kids.  The decor was the same (except the addition of a game room off to the side) and the menu was the same.  The simple menu of sandwiches provided a range of choice - the tuna melt served with chips was tasty.  The ice cream treats were good.  The kids had root beer floats and I had a top hat sundae (a big profiterole with lots of hot fudge on top).  The ice cream is not ultra rich - just regular stuff.  Service was friendly and fast.  All in, I would say that the experience probably rated a 3 star but the 4th star is because it did not disappoint my memories.
4	This place is adorable!!  It's an old fashioned little ice cream parlor and they also have some food like sandwiches.  The ice cream is excellent and it is the perfect place to stop in for a break and some ice cream while wandering around Old Town Scottsdale.
1	Been here a couple of times.  The ice cream is ordinary.. whipped cream from a can.  Wouldn't give it a second thought if it wasn't located in the heart of Old Town.  But you know, when you your hours say your open to 10:00 PM you should be open until 10:00 PM.
1	Just getting home from celebrating my son's 5th b-day, a night I will never forget!! Recomended to go to this Sugar Bowl that it would be a true B-Day treat I would not expect coming home to share what a HORRIBLE experience my whole family and I went through. Something I thought would be so simple, guess not for this Sugar Bowl. Starting with a 33 min wait to be greated by a server that had the excuse of she thought we were taken care of by someone else is not exceptable. Can't u see there's no drinks on our table? Then, the food comes out and every dish is made incorrectly. Server says, she's new and wasn't sure what there food looks like. Well didn't you study the menu & have to take a test on it before getting a section? Then, after our food was remade I gotta say FYI in my opinion, you can get a way tastier patty melt at the waffle house.. The server mentioned the Manager would be over shortly with apologies & most likely fix the bill.. I am not looking for a free bee but a Manager visit would of been nice. DIDN'T HAPPEN, yet I watched him hesitate over n over to walk our tables way, yet instead of doing so I guess he just was hoping the problems occurring would just disappear as he continued to eat food right by the kitchen door. And the problems,THEY DIDN'T GO AWAY instead, got much worse. Now it's time for a Birthday Ice Cream Treat. Well, seems like the whole table gets there ice cream 1st as I watch my son's melt away and have to explain to my 5yr old way he doesn't have his. My son, the look of sadness in his eye's tore this Mother up. The server says they are fixing it up nice..as I LMFAO, b/c I can see they are just adding more whip to cover up the melty mess and sticking a candle in it.. By the time they came out to sing Happy Birthday, I was Singing in tears!! My son should not have had to watch everyone else eat ice cream and then wait longer for his while they tried to fix there mistakes. As a person whom has been in FnB for over 15 yrs, including Managment & General Managment after serving in high volume establishments, would NEVER recommend this place to go.Exspecially for a celebration. And to the Server whom never came to apoligize to us before leaving, if you can't own your mistakes and show some sympathy on behalf of the place your working at, then I highly suggest to get out of this career now, it's not ment to be. Suger Bowl, thank you for making a night to never forget. I will never forget to tell people what your place is like..
3	To someone from out of town, it is obvious upon stepping inside the Sugar Bowl that it is an institution.  I like mom and pop places, but especially eateries with history.  It is very cute...all pink and retro, and it even has an arcade area off to the side for the kiddies to enjoy.  The thick layers of dust coating the knick knacks around the cashier and the yellowing clippings of Family Circus cartoons indicate that many generations have enjoyed Sundaes or Banana Splits here.  The tired dingy walls must have witnessed much history over the years, and they desperately need a fresh coat of paint!  But still, it is a happy place, and I like that vibe.  After a nice meaty burrito in a different part of town, I was in the mood for dessert, and that's why I sauntered on in and grabbed a seat at the counter.According to the menu, a Top Hat Sundae consists of a "Fluffy Sugar Bowl creampuff filled with creamy vanilla ice cream, then showered with hot fudge" for $4.95.  This sounded perfect for the occasion!  I was really looking forward to a big scoop of ice cream sandwiched within a sliced flaky creampuff with its rich creamy custard-like contents oozing all over the ice cream and mixing with the hot fudge.  But behold, there was no custard-like yumminess at all within the CREAM-puff.  The ice cream was actually stuffed into a cream-LESS puff then smothered with hot fudge.  What a disappointment!  I was craving something extremely decadent!  Instead, it was an awkward combination that did not mix well.  The hot fudge did not soften or moisten the dry puff, nor did the melting ice cream.  The puff was so dry that I had to saw it apart with my spoon into pieces that would fit into my mouth.  To make sure the dry puff did not get stuck in my esophagus, I washed it down with a glass of water after carefully chewing the ice cream and fudge into it.  Perhaps I was assuming too much when I thought that a CREAM-puff would actually contain CREAM in it before they put the ice cream in?  I did like the contrast in temperatures and textures, however, between the ice cream and the hot fudge, but all hot fudge sundaes have this characteristic.For such a venerable old-fashioned institution, I would have hoped for the ice cream to be manufactured by hand within the store, but alas, it did not have that home-made creamy dairy taste.  The ice cream was stiff and cake-like, not soft-creamy.  It reminded me of the higher-end stuff you can buy from the supermarket.   I don't object to factory-made ice cream in general, but with the way this establishment looked, I expected more.  In Sugar Bowl's defense, however, it did not claim anywhere in the menu that the ice cream served here was hand-made in the store, but I only realized this after re-studying the menu following my first unsatisfying bite.  I did not order any other item, so I cannot speak to the sandwiches or the salads, but overall, it was a mediocre experience.  It leads me to believe that many locals come here more out of a sense of loyalty or more to experience the nostalgia of younger years as opposed to the excellence of the food and desserts.  I am glad I experienced it, but next time I'm in town, I probably won't go out of my way to return and re-live it!
4	This place has been here from the 60s and I would say very little has changed.  It's an old school ice cream parlor.  The seats are not very comfortable but that just adds to the authenticity of this charming place!
4	Although I doubt this would be able to compete with some of the sweet shops I have hit in other major cities, I felt like for Scottsdale, this would be as good as it gets (I've only been here for five days, but still!).The atmosphere, like the sign out front, is old school; the dessert selection was perfect for any warm weather day; the prices were fair, if not a little high given the size of things like the shakes; if you sit at the counter, you'll have ice cream in your hands in three minutes.  The folks behind the counter were really hustling when I visited this weekend, so I get the sense that these people take dessert as seriously as I do.  The Old Dutch Milkshake was thick; I wish it was larger, but my wife probably does not!!  A nice chaser for many of the meals you'll have along Scottsdale Road.
3	I came here just for the touristy attraction of it all and a friend recommended it because their kids had good memories of it. We did it, and had a shake/scoop of sherbet and such and were done. It was just a 'been there done that' type of thing. It was tasty and good, nothing to write home about but something that the kids will remember.  I did like the old 'Family Circus' cartoons on their menu, THAT brought back a lot of memores, RIP Bill Keane!
3	I have to say I was a little let down after all of the hype for this place. I was excited. Local ice cream parlor that has been here for a long time must be really good. I did like the old school look of the place. Even the small arcade they had on the other side of the restaurant even though three of the games were out of order still cool. Now I will say I didn't try any of their food but it is an ice cream parlor so you would think the ice cream would be heavenly.A friend of mine and I went to a movie down the street and were driving home after wards when we spotted it down the street. We had both wanted to try it some day. So I decided today was some day and we pulled in. We had to hunt for a parking space, no big deal, until one popped up right in front of us. We walked inside and waited a minute to be seated. The waitress was very nice and sat us in a booth in the corner right in front of a very nice mural on the wall. She handed us the menu and I realized I had no idea what they had or what I wanted. So I started to scour the menu that is when I realized they had more than ice cream. That was a nice surprise since silly me assumed they only had ice cream but ice cream was what I came for and what they are know for. I finally picked out the Buster Brownie. Brownie with ice cream and marshmallow topping sounded delicious. My friend picked the same thing. We called the waitress over because we were finally ready to order. We placed our order and then were informed we could pick out ice cream flavor if we wanted. Oooo added bonus. I got chocolate and my friend cookies n cream.It didn't take too long to come out and looked mouthwateringly good. Then the let down. It was good but not spectacular. Not special. The brownie was a fudge brownie which is good but is a little on the hard side. I was expecting a cake brownie all warm and gooey with the ice cream. The marshmallow topping didn't add too much either. I was let down.I guess I like the corporate place better. I was really hoping the local place would blow them away but sadly no. Also as much as people gripe about the prices at the corporate ice cream store these where about the same.I might go back if I am in the neighborhood again but won't be making any special trips. I will stick to the corporate ice cream store which I'm sure some will call me crazy for saying.
4	I think I spotted that big pink building a few years ago, and I kept saying someday I will go check it out! Well the someday showed up! You can guess I was tickled pink for sure! The Sugar Bowl was exactly how I had imagined it to be, from the tables, chairs, booths, counter/bar, an old fashioned ice cream parlor! But even better, it's all in this delicious pink! Feel in love with place at 1st site!I ordered the Buster Brownie Sunday with cookie dough ice cream, marshmallow cream, chocolate sauce and a cherry; this was the perfect sweet dish! Only complaint I could have is the brownie was too small for me, and not as moist as I would have liked, but I like my brownies chewy, and I guess my cherry feel off before it got to the table because I didn't see it anywhere, but really these issues did not stop me from devouring my sunday and almost licking my bowl clean. HahaI really enjoyed my visit to the Sugar Bowl, love the place and I will be back for sure! Im sure my grandson would like to go with me to get some ice cream.
4	I was gonna say this 4-star review of the Sugar Bowl is kind of for nostalgia's sake, but quite honestly I still think it's a good spot (at least for ice cream...I haven't had the "regular" food in forever, but if I remember correctly it's not that good). I mean, yeah the decor is old...and I don't mean "charming" (there's rips in the upholstery, chips in the tables, etc...). I know most "old-timey" ice cream shops make there own ice cream, and the Sugar Bowl doesn't (they serve Dreyer's), but I really don't care. When it comes to "regular" sundaes, shakes, ice cream sodas, etc, the Sugar Bowl probably isn't all that much better than any other restaurant/ice cream shop that makes this kind of stuff, but where I'm willing to bump them up a bit is on there "specialty" sundaes. There's about 10 of these, and they're all yummy. A few that I can remember trying over the years include the top hat sundae, the creamed walnut fudge sundae (this one is my personal fave) and the buster brownie. Again, these are made w/Dreyer's & I'm sure other run-of-the-mill ingredients, but I don't care. They are delicious!that staff here always seems to be friendly (I mean...this place caters to kids, so you HAVE to be friendly or at least fake it). I also don't know what it is, but it always seems like there's always young people working here. I mean, like, REALLY young!At the end of the day though, I still like Sugar Bowl and when I come back to visit AZ I enjoy coming here with my nephew.
5	Awesome desserts!  Never tried the food!  Why waste the room?  Life's short, eat dessert first!
3	We love the ice cream here, but can only split something between myself, my husband and my daughter - it's too rich and big.  We had an entertainment coupon for "buy a menu item, get a menu item free" so this time my daughter and I decided to split a grilled cheese and a sundae.  In the past I've tried their food and haven't found anything I like other than their banana bread but this time was different.  We ordered the swiss cheese version of the sandwich and their Desireme Banana Split (bananas, vanilla ic with choc sauce, strawberry ic with strawberries, whip and a cherry).  They brought out 2 plates of 1/2 sandwich, chips and a pickle - thoughtful touch.  The sandwich was crisp and golden, melty cheese stringing from each yummy bite (but then again it's just bread and cheese grilled).  The split was scrumptious, creamy, rich and perfect to share.  My daughter had the all-too familiar "sugar-drunk" glaze to her eyes and said "Thanks mom, that was delicious!"The bill was only $7 something, so we left a nice tip.  The wait staff was really friendly.  The interior looked upgraded a bit on this visit.  The place was filled with older couples sipping old tyme soda floats or malts and holding hands - very nostalgic and romantic (OK, there were 2 but that seems like a lot).  FUN!
1	I visited the Sugar Bowl this weekend and really wanted to love it. I was so excited to sample their delicious treats. However, before I could even raise the spoon to my mouth I discovered not one, not two but three roaches roaming around the restaurant. Gross!!! I will not be returning!
5	Full of 1950s kitsch--it's a throwback ice cream parlor. I loved the camelback soda--I ordered it with raspberry soda and chocolate ice cream and it was delicious (highly recommended!)
3	OK, this is a tough one for me...It is exactly how imagined it the first time I walked inside appearance wise. All was well until I started looking at the lunch menu and just kind of found it weird. I think it just really bugged me that they didn't have French Fries and the Burger I got was mediocre. I would give this place a 5 star rating for sure if all they served was dessert, but that's just not the case. Desserts are awesome, every single one of them!!! Overall, not that impressed at all but you have to appreciate that "old fashioned diner" feel!
3	The Sugar Bowl is more appealing on the outside along with history of the parlor than it truly is.  With its vibrant, inner-child eliciting curb appeal, you have this strange desire to know what's going on inside and to satisfy your sweet tooth.  My fiance and I have been here twice, and both times were just ok.  It's pretty cool to know that the Sugar Bowl has been around in SCO for over 50 years, as this is a pretty young city, but the vibe hasn't changed much since the 50s and it could use a little updating.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good charm/notalgia to a restaurant, but something about the SB has a weird, almost grimy vibe.  They do serve 'real food' outside of sweets, but I've only had their ice cream combos.  They are pretty generous in their portions, but you have to be careful as to what you order.  The first time we went, I got some crazy sundae, and I was total regretsy.  My fiance got a malt, and I wished I had ordered one.  Our second visit, I ordered a vanilla malt, and my fiance ordered the Top Hat Sundae.  He wished he has ordered the malt, ha.  We did see other sundaes that looked way better than the two we tried, but it's hard to try a third sundae when the first two were just ok.  And how do you screw up a sundae?  By serving an old cream puff (the Top Hat), that is so dry you don't want to finish the fudgy ice cream.  There isn't anything majorly wrong with the Sugar Bowl, but there isn't much of a wow factor either.  Cool place to stop if you're walking around Old Town and need a break for something sweet.  It's a once a year type place for me at best.
3	The place has an old time feel with the historic references to the Family Circus comic strip. We brought in-laws here from out of state. They enjoyed the ambiance and the novelty sundaes. You could tell this, as well as the rest of old town Scottsdale is a tourist trap. It was easy to tell the locals from the tourists as a dust storm blew in. The place practically cleared out with cameras clicking and videos rolling to capture this common local event. At some point they filtered back in to finish their half melted ice cream treats. I have to say as a local I will only return with out of towners who appreciate the novelty of the place. It is just your average ice cream shop.
5	Walking into the Sugar Bowl is like stepping back in time to my Grandparent's kitchen.  I have never eaten anything here besides desserts, but, sweet sassy molassy, they make great ice cream sundaes!Satisfy your sweet tooth here.
1	I have been going to this place ever since I can remember but the last time I was there, we were sitting waiting to place our order and cockroaches came crawling out of the booth next you us. It's safe to say that we immediately walked out and will not be returning.
3	If you have out of town guests visiting, they might enjoy stopping by the Sugar Bowl for a dessert after eating in Old Town.  This place is your classic old school ice cream shop.  The sundaes were large enough to split.  Get the brownie buster... A rich, warm brownie topped with creamy vanilla and hot fudge...only $5.50!
4	Nice Atmosphere, Normal SundaesThe Sugar Bowl is a Scottsdale institution.  The ice cream sundaes were good, but nothing spectacular.  What makes the place special is the style of it, evoking your typical 1950's ice cream parlor.Service could be a lot more efficient and it would be nice if they didn't run out of important staples.  But nice overall.
5	Love this place !!! Always fun ! Great place to take kids !! I will be back !!! :))
4	I'm giving the Sugar Bowl four stars with a bit of reservation, but it's worth a visit if you're in the area (I've been twice).  First of all, it's an old fashioned ice cream parlor, which is hard to find.  The menu is reminiscent of ice cream parlors "back in the day."  The grilled cheese sandwich is good...basic and good...served with potato chips and a pickle.  Nothing fancy there, but good.  The menu includes a variety of sandwiches and salads for "real food."   The point of coming here, however, is for ice cream.  A small sundae is sufficient given the richness of the ice cream and toppings, and it really hits the spot.  They have a rather limited selection of ice cream flavors, but a pretty good selection of toppings.  They also have a wide variety of pre-designed sundaes, but I know I wouldn't be able to finish them. The ice cream is really good as are the toppings, so definitely worth a visit!
3	This is the first Yelp Review I've ever really agonized over. The Sugar Bowl is an Old Town Scottsdale class. Bright pink exterior, and old fashioned Letters in the window. The interior has the same kitchie charm. Family Circus Comics all over, cute old fashioned bricabrac in the store, and on the walls. But the food, the food is... well awful. I ordered the "assorted finger sandwiches" - and the bread was stale, and in addition to tuna salad, and egg salad, there is some kind of... ham salad. When I asked about what was in the finger sandwiches, telling me a ham sandwich, might have been more acuratly described as a "ham salad sandwich" - I took a bite, and left the rest alone. The ice cream is good, nothing special.The sundaes are fun, again nothing special. But there is something that makes me bring my out of town guest here, when a trip to Cold Stone might be tastier. I hope someone comes in, improves the menu, but keeps the charm.
2	Walking in The Sugar Bowl recently there was a noticeable smell of dirty-rag-on-plastic, pink plastic that is. The waiter was pleasant. The food did not take long at all to arrive. We both ordered the tuna salad and the presentation was nothing to write about really. The lettuce was fresh and cold and so we're the tomatoes. The tuna salad was mediocre. The situation of the restroom: The Sugar Bowl was established in 1958. I think the wallpaper goes back to that period and is downright dirty. The rug in the restaurant and "playroom" is in the same state. Old, dirty and it looks smelly. This place must have had its glory time, but that has long gone now. It needs an update in all aspects. Don't think I will go back. There are many more options in that area to spend my time and money.
5	Delicious desserts!  I've never eaten anything but the ice cream desserts but it's a nice treat on a hot Summer day.  The vintage decor is really fun and interesting to view while you wait also.  The wait staff has always been friendly and the place always seems pretty busy.  My boyfriend has been going here since it has opened and we will continue to do so. The pricing isn't too bad either.
5	Sooooooo pinkin' cute! Yes, pinkin'.What a blast from the past! Feels like you're right in the heart of the 1950's! Such a kick to enjoy a cute lil diner for a milkshake and basket of fries!
2	Good ice-cream poor service.  That pretty much sums it up. The people serving up lack eye contact, engagement and are there to do their thing and get the hell out.  Oh well. 2 bucks a cone.  Whatever!
4	My uncle owned a restaurant nearby since the 70's and I remember Sugar Bowl being here for the longest time. I'm glad that it has withstood the test of time and I consider it a historical landmark now. It looks like an old ice cream and soda store from the 50's and 60's. I've always liked the ice cream here and try to make it a stop every time I come to Scottsdale. Visited June 2012
4	Wonderful ice cream, good amount for the price.  They've always been busy when we've been there.....have never seen any bugs.  Service was good, we will be back the next time we're in Scottsdale!
1	We ordered two milkshakes and it took over 20 minutes. Service was not good. First and only time coming here
1	we had burger and roast beef sandwiches. the burger was average and the roast beef was simply terrible. the best thing in the dish we could find was the potato chips. the curiosity cost us $20, ouch!
1	Desperate need of some TLC. Went here on a Tuesday afternoon. My mom had an egg salad sandwich and it was completely bland. I had a Reuben with I have no clue what was on top a salad? Coleslaw? Lettuce with mustard? There was minimal sauerkraut and Swiss cheese on the bottom and no 1000 island dressing. To say the least  it was the saddest most pitiful Reuben I've had. My son had some oily bread with half melted cheese on it. Oh and the chips we all had.....I wonder if they are the ones from 1958...again we all almost chipped a tooth. Of course all the desserts were yummy. This is could be so cute as it once was however it needs one hell of a remodel. Especially the bathrooms and children's play center. It has such a great location in Scottsdale and lots of memories for families it's a shame to see that it's gone down hill. To the older gentlemen standing in the corner with his arms crossed with the white hair & glasses. Please stop being creepy standing there staring at everyone.....if you're a manager then manage or help our your staff. I will not be back. Please give the sugar bowl the love and attention it needs and deserves!!
1	Everything was fine until we saw a cockroach roaming around the shelves behind the counter where we were sitting.   When we finished we were sitting there for awhile before one of the staff finally brought us our check.  I wanted to get change for a tip, but there was nobody at the cashier and none of the workers bothered to acknowledge us.  During this time (and it was NOT busy) several workers were just standing around talking.  When one of them walked by with his face buried in his phone, I'd had enough.  Left a .50 cent tip that was frankly too much for the lousy service, but we'd have been there another 20 minutes just to get our change.  The cool, old-fashioned ice cream parlor we were hoping for was in actuality a dirty dump with bush league service.  Derp.
4	This is an old school ice cream parlor and restaurant. I am not too crazy about the entire pink decor, but I go there to eat ice cream. They make ice cream concoctions that are legendary. From sundaes to banana splits, served in classic glassware. It's a great place to go back in time and enjoy a wonderful ice cream experience.
5	Service was quick (which boyfriend loves)  and we got our ice creams, it was on point. I love how pink and girly this place is :) We came here after dinner, to continue our date night. We had one scoop of peppermint and one scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream.. heaven in my mouth   you just can't go wrong with chocolate chip. Yummmm my favorite.  The peppermint was too sweet for me. So I had my boyfriend kill it. Haha.I love this place.
3	Nice prices and a clear niche. Just go here and get a nice big icecream. But to be picky I have had better ice cream hence only a 3
5	I love this place! Been going there since I was a kid and it hasn't changed, and that's a good thing.
5	I'm one of those people who is nostalgic for a time I never existed in. When I think about my mom's teenage years of poodle skirts and soda jerks and sock hop, I look down at my smartphone and wonder if I would trade it for that sometimes.So when my family took me to the Sugar Bowl on a recent visit to Arizona, I got my taste of nostalgia, however fleeting. This little ice cream parlor has been a staple of Scottsdale for several decades, and you can tell from walking in here that this place has been well-loved and cared for since it's opening.All the ice cream is made by the parlor so everything is fresh, delicious, and (like the 50's) wholesome. Each us ordered a different sundae and made rotational swaps around the table so everyone could enjoy something different.Waist be damned, I love this place and will insist on a return trip the next time I come to visit.
3	SO DISAPPOINTED!After bringing up our daughters in Paradise Valley, The Sugar Bowl was all of our favorites. We just went back after ten years of being away and what a disappointment. I spent years with a taste memory of the meatloaf sandwich. My olfactory nerves had it memorized. It was even on the 'special of the day' menu. NOT! It was not tasty nor fresh. As an amateur cook myself I know it had been kept for days then re-heated. The bread? Could it have been soggier? Doubtful. The service was very good but I had to ask for the check after sitting with empty plates in front of us.I certainly do not mind that it hasn't been spruced up over the years but maintaining food quality is utmost.Next!
2	...and I spent a couple of hours in our hotel bathroom that night!
4	Fun place to get some ice cream. I'd go back for a couple scoops of Cookies N Cream. Old school style atmosphere is very cool, although some TLC is needed to make it a little more comfy. Yo Yo
3	Really cute place for dessert.  Excellent ice cream! I wish they had more pies or other dessert on the menu.  Definitely worth trying out if you're visiting Scottsdale!
5	This place is such a Scottsdale institution!  When I think of Old Town, I think of wagon wheel benches, Western hat/boot/jewlery shops and the Sugar Bowl!The ice cream is quite delicious and will win new fans among any who taste it!  I love the sundaes, the shakes, the banana splits - everything is absolutely scrumptious!!  Oh, and get hot fudge...trust me!!  I have yet to try anything besides the dessert (their ice cream is the good stuff- you'll need lots of room!).This place is a little piece of history - over 50 years and going strong - but they're not getting by on reputation alone.  The service is pleasant, the place is adorable (think pink and classic, a touch shabby), and every single out-of-town guest and in-town friend I've brought here has loved it!  TIP: If you brought a kid (or you are a kid), check out the little arcade in the back to work off a little ice cream energry - ski ball, basketball, etc :-)
5	This is my favorite ice cream place in the country. I live in Illinois and when I go visit Arizona, it's a must do. I loved it as a kid and I love it now! I recomend the strawberry ice cream shakes!
3	They close at 10pm minus 1 star
4	The sugar bowl is a must see place.so adorable with the pink.my only critisism is that i think the arcade room cheapens the place.i know its for the kids but honestly e kids would come anyway for the icecream and the vibe why throw in a really cheap chuck e cheese arcade?Otherwise its an old school gem.
2	I usually love this place. It's been a great little spot of good dessert after a meal up in old town. But after doing much research and reading the other reviews, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. The fact that multiple people have said they have encountered cockroaches at this establishment, no way Jose for me.
4	This place is me and my girlfriends go to spot for sundaes of Sunday! It has amazing atmosphere, good food and relatively cheap. They have something to satisfy everyone's needs. I recommend the butter pecan top hat--a super flaky delicious pasty filled with the icecream of your choice topped with decedent hot fudge. I drool just thinking about.
5	I worked at The Sugar Bowl when I was16 years old. I remember the pride that everyone took in the quality of their home made food and delicious ice creams. I visited recently after 40 plus years and was I astounded to find the same quality menu and service. Boy you must be so proud! I will return as often as I can.  You are amazing!
3	Cool atmosphere, mediocre ice cream. I got the buster sundae thinking the brownie would be warm and fresh, wasn't. The ice cream itself was ok. Tasted like something you could easily get at a grocery store.I also got a patty melt. It was good. 4/5 stars just on that particular item. Try other spots before you try Sugar Bowl.
3	If you're looking for a sweet, maybe one with some chocolate or even a big sundae - this is your place. Nice old-fashioned ice cream shop located in old town. This place still has the retro pink vibe and decoration going on inside. My friend and I came here when we were looking to splurge with the buster brownie sundae. BOY is It sweet but worth it! Sugar Bowl also serves food, which I was unaware of but probably wouldn't order. Service is friendly.
2	We drove past at least five other ice cream places to get here with an out of town friend to have sundaes. When we received our sundaes they were sans whipped cream. When we asked about it they said "oh, sorry we are out of whipped cream." WTF sugar bowl?! Poor form.
2	San Francisco newspaper recommended Sugar Bowl. The workers were rude, the selection of ice cream was minimal and the ice cream quality itself was more water than cream. Worst ice cream I've had in a long time .
4	This place was such a throwback, I loved it! The interior atmosphere was adorable, I felt like a little kid! Cute mural paintings too...I'm from Rhode Island where we take ice cream very seriously all year (despite temperatures a third of Scottsdale's) and this was good stuff. Wish they had more flavors though; the menu is expansive but in terms of actual ice cream and sauce flavor choices I was underwhelmed. That said, the hot fudge was amazing and a must!! Get the larger size sundae (I think it's called paradise? Apt, that.) because reasons. Finally: leave the cash tip at the table and then you pay at a counter on your way out, kind of like Denny's (I think. Is that a Denny's thing?) We only knew to do this from watching the couple at the next table over and our waitress not coming back with a bill- kinda confusing.
1	Funny thing. When you peruse all of Yelps "non recommended" reviews for this place - most of them are pretty bad, and all say the same thing. Lousy service (check)In attentive /rude/uncaring staff (check again)Dirty menus and establishment (ewwww)Sub par ice cream and food (yup)A sense of disarray and no organization (saw it)I think the only thing this establishment has going for it it's kitchy pink decor, history in Old Town and the long ago reviews of "the way things used to be"...apparently you can only ride that for so long. This place is just awful now. Too bad. Bill Keene would be disappointed....Even the owner himself was unfriendly. Shame.
1	After years of hearing friends rave about this infamous ice cream parlor, me and my boyfriend decided to go there for a date. Upon entering the restaurant, we both were met with a less than pleasant greeting. The restaurant had a very "stale" vibe... Nobody was smiling- customers and staff included. It was pretty busy which we had expected because it is a popular place, especially on a Saturday afternoon. After being seated, we noticed how dirty everything felt... Flies everywhere, sticky menus, sticky table, water glasses looked cloudy, etc. We were served quickly- my boyfriend ordered a vanilla sundae with cherry sauce and chocolate marshmallows sauce- his ice cream arrived as if it were soup. The few bites of solid ice cream were freezer burned. My sundae was fine, but nothing I couldn't have made at home. While we were waiting for our check, we joked about how the place felt haunted. I can't express how eery and unhappy the whole place seemed. Nobody seemed happy to be there. I went on Yelp while sitting there to read reviews because I was appalled at how horrible the place was. I wish I had checked BEFORE we had made the drive from the west valley. When we went to the cashier, the manager rung us up. He didn't look up once or say ONE word. Nothing. Basically, we will never go there again and will never recommend this place.
2	The place is dirty, the staff is unfriendly, and the food is pretty poor. I had the hot dog and my wife had a grilled cheese. Nothing special especially for $12. We didn't have ice cream so that may be good by the place itself is nothing special
2	The shop was so hot! We were sweating.Our ice cream arrived half-melted.Kinda pricy for melted ice cream.Table service was slow and spottyThis was our first time here, and I'm not sure we'll be back.  I thought that this place would be fun for our date night.  Not really.
5	This is one of my favorite places to visit. I first visited with my grandma when I was a little kid. The staff is always friendly and fast. I've never eaten food here, but the ice cream menu is expansive and delicious. They even have an arcade for kiddos.
5	ICE CREAM CENTRAL! I had no idea but they have diner-type food here as well. It has such a nostalgic 50's diner feel to it and you can't help but smile when you are there. It has a variety of ice cream flavors. I love that this is the place in the comic - Family Circus. It is  definitely a well-known place in Scottsdale.
4	Gotta try the Soda's. I had a great black raspberry soda with Dutch chocolate ice cream. Really an OMG Experience!
5	I walked in here after enjoying a cold beer and a cheeseburger, and had almost zero expectations.  I was well-attended by the friendly staff, who walked me through the menu, and I found myself ordering what they call a Camelback soda.  Basically you can choose any scoop of ice cream, club soda, and any syrup of your choosing to customize it to perfection.  I highly recommend ordering that on a hot day.
5	I loved the sugar bowl! You can go in and order an old school root beer float, ice cream, or even a chocolate soda! Yum it's a must stop to cool off and check out the old 50's decor!
3	The place has history but the ice cream and the service is nothing special. I give it three for the history. Their ice cream is very below average compared to Churn, Melt, and other local places but I will say they have the best Patty Melts around. Yummy! The place is kind of run down and dirty these days as other Yelpers have mentioned.
1	Wish it was what I remembered from when I was younger. It's DEFINITELY NOT the same place that it used to be.I walked in with my family, told the girl, that was just looking at us, that there were 3 and a highchair. That girl looked at us and said, "so 4." Yes, there's a total of 4.We start to follow her because she starts walking, but not sure if she wanted us to do so, she never said. We walk up to 2 tables and a booth, and one of the bus boys was cleaning one the tables, so I assumed we were going to the one he was just cleaning because the other 2 wouldn't fit a highchair. The girl walks right pass us and doesn't say one word, but she did place the menus on the table at the booth. So I look at my husband and he said I guess we are to sit there.So we sit down and since there was no room for a highchair, I ask the bus boy, who just finished cleaning the other table, if we could get a booster seat for our daughter (which we don't like to put her in because she is not big enough to sit in a booster seat yet) and he said ok and yelled in Spanish to the girl that, I guess, brought us to our table. Once he yells across the restaurant, I look over at her and she rolled her eyes and made a face. She then noticed that I was looking at her and put a fake smile on her face towards me. So as if I wasn't already annoyed, now I am really frustrated!The girl walks over, drops off our waters and walks away. I'm watching her walk away because I'm not sure if she understood that it was us that wanted the booster, but I figured that she was just getting our waters first, so I'm telling my irritated/frustrated self to be patient. Our waitress walks up, greets herself (she was the friendliest person in the restaurant) and I ask if they had a kids menu and she says no, I'm sorry we don't. Okay, no worries, we'll figure something out.The girl finally comes back with the booster seat, which was completely dirty, and doesn't say one word and walks off. (Ok, ok, stay calm)But I can't! I look at my husband and ask if we can just go somewhere else because I am just done with the horrible customer service. He completely agreed and said that he didn't want to say anything because he knew I really wanted to come here.I used to love coming here with my parents and siblings when I was younger and now I am just sad that I definitely will not be coming back to this Old Town Scottsdale staple.
2	Really?$5.95 for a one scoop sundae?  Yes!Me: Excuse me, this should have whipped cream and a cherry.Them:  Sorry, our whipped cream machine is broken.  Would you like a cherry?Me (thought):  1. Tell me up front.   2.  Send someone to the store to buy Rediwhip!$5.95?  Really?  Are we in Los Angeles at these prices?
5	A step back in time to a more innocent era reminiscent of ice cream parlors, soda jerks, luncheonettes, ice cream parlor emporiums. This legendary Scottsdale landmark serves a variety of things to eat but its fame rests in its atmosphere, a candy colored vision, its ice cream sodas with a little extra pitcher of seltzer to add when you're getting low on soda, its friendly service and the experience of going there, which is unique. Adults feel like kids and kids feel like they stepped into a magical world. A must visit when in Scottsdale.
5	Such a cute and quaint ice cream place! The "Gosh-Awful-Gooey Banana Split" was gooey without a doubt and a personal favorite of mine. It doesn't get much better than Turkish coffee ice cream and raspberry sorbet topped with caramel and sweet marshmallow sauce. Yum-yum. Not only do I love Sugar Bowl's treats, but the entire late 50's- early 60's atmosphere makes it even better! From the pink walls and the pink seats to the pink menus, it is an incredibly adorable place.
3	I actually really do like this place. The ice-cream is oh-so-good, the workers...eh, could be a little friendlier. But hey, it gets pretty busy there so I can understand being a little weary after a long shift. The place was also a little dirty when I went in. Lot of kids and families, for sure a family environment with a nice arcade to boot. Keep your kids busy and your sweet tooth happy! Job well done, Sugar Bowl!
4	I think this place is a must if you're in Old Town Scottsdale. A great way to end the day after shopping at Fashion Square! The prices are very reasonable. I've never gotten an actual meal here, only dessert! I can't say that the ice cream and toppings are necessarily amazing quality, but there are super fun combinations on the menu that make up for the "meh" quality of the ice cream. The decor is also adorable! I recommend the Baseball Winner. That was a delicious combination of flavors. If you're really into hot fudge, go for the Top Hat. It's a classic! If you like this place, I would also recommend MacAlpines Soda Fountain or Berties. I think they are better quality but have the similar old diner decor like Sugar Bowl.
1	When we arrived it was slightly busy. We decided to sit at the bar assuming it would be quicker service. We sat there for 15 minutes while we watched others around us get served. Funny thing is, is the waiter behind the bar kept looking at us but never helped us.  Never did try the ice cream or food because we left.  Definately will not be going back.
4	Had your typical scoop of ice cream on a cone - it was delicious! They are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service!
4	This is just an awesome old school ice cream type parlor which my grandparents used to take my brother and I to after spring training games. They do have a full menu, so you can actually get some food there too. In the back area there is kind of a Peter Piper set up with games and things for the kids. That is really what this place is for...something different for the kids. I can honestly telling you that your kids will remember you taking them here when they get older and thank you for it. I know because like I said, I remember going here when I was a kid.Only issue is that everything is over priced, but it is downtown Scottsdale.
5	Garishly pink, old school ice cream parlor with adjacent arcade in the heart of old town Scottsdale. I adore thee, Sugar Bowl, even if ice cream and I do not get along particularly well. Pass on the food (there are numerous better places for dinner nearby), but definitely stop here for a sundae or a scoop. (And, maybe some arcade games...Ahem.) The last time I was there, the place was full of hipsters, families, prom dates getting ice cream, older couples, pretty much everyone. It's pretty great.
4	Fun little 60's diner full of diabetes inducing deliciousness. I got the shake- good! My friends got the brownie, coffee ice cream with nuts, and a malt. Fun familyFriendly environment.
5	Nice place.   This restaurant is so cute and the service was excellent.  I had a reuben sandwich which was outstanding.  I would go back again.  Everyone at my table had ice cream desert of some kind and they loved it.  I am not an ice cream person so I passed on desert.  The deserts looked so delicious too.  This was right on the corner and easy to find.  The parking is a little crowded but then this is Old Town Scottsdale.  Everyone at my table had something different to eat and it all looked so good.  There is a big menu to choose from too.
5	Our waiter was great and attentive.   We ordered ice cream, milk shakes, and an amazing sundae.   Everything was tasty! BlackBerry milkshake is a must try!   Super cute place to take the kids for a nice, cold, yummy treat!   Would recommend to anyone wanting an ice cream treat in Old Town!
1	We were looking for a bite to eat after a show downtown Scottsdale. This place looked like  fun. Asked to be seated in the play room looked like fun for a girls night out. Ordered food.  The chicken sandwich was so dry it was hard to chew.  We had the "famous bread" not sure what make it famous three of us tried it it was so dry, the chips were even stail.  The ice cream is the ONLY thing that was good, unless you got the cream puff ice cream  which was more like a roll and not a puff.  Most of the games didn't even work. We will not be returning.
4	Was a fun place to try.  Felt like what I imagine it'd be like to step into a 50's malt shop.  The pink decor was fun and carried through to the napkins.  The servings were huge and the ice cream good.  I didn't care for the brownie in my sundae, but the hot fudge made up for it.  My friend had the top hat and I tried q bite and liked it better.  Felt like a tourist destination but was fun all the same.  Would be fun for a date or girls night out.
4	Hot Fudge Sundae was great. Service was good and a cool little place to satisfy any sweet tooth.
3	Stopped by for dessert based on reviews.  Cute little place.   We ordered a small hot fudge sundae and a small pineapple sundae.  Both were very good and service was very quick.  Would go back but wasn't anything exciting for me.
3	The sugar bowl is very cute and has an old timey feel (not to mention the most adorable napkins I've ever seen) but overall I think it's the atmosphere that makes it cool. I mean, the ice cream is good (I've yet to try bad ice cream) but not like sensational. I've never been too impressed with their sundaes. I guess overall I feel like the Sugar Bowl is "just okay." Again, really cute and has local charm but that's about it for me.
4	This is just classic Old Town...  The quality of ice cream and toppings you get are great.  The prices are just about right too.  The service could be better.  But overall, I've always loved my experiences at the Sugar Bowl.
3	Stopped by for dessert based on reviews.  Cute little place.   We ordered a small hot fudge sundae and a small pineapple sundae.  Both were very good and service was very quick.
4	Not only is the texture of  Sugar Bowl  ice cream extremely creamy, but the flavors are beyond wonderful. I am not a big fan of vanilla flavor, but the Mexican vanilla is fantastic. That with a scoop of the Frozen Yogurt  is REALLY good. The staff is very friendly and will let you taste any flavor.Their ice cream melts really fast because of that heated slab they use
2	My experience was very mixed. The food was really good. The ice cream is creamy but the prices are ridiculous.  There is no children's menu so we ordered my daughter 2 hot dogs. I asked for no bun and no chips and she said i will have to charge you and I said that is fine. I got the bill and they charged me $11.00 for 2 hot dogs. Are you kidding me? I said something at the cashier and no response. Won't be going back!
4	The Buster Brownie, a brownie with a scoop of ice cream on top, was out of this world. The atmosphere is fun and inviting fusing pink into nearly every aspect of the place. A great place to bring a date.
4	Stopped by here after lunch. Such a cute place! Luckily it wasn't busy, so we got our sundaes really quickly. I got one with cookies and cream ice cream and it was amazing of course. Really friendly service also.
5	Although there really are no words for how good this place is, I'm going to try! Placed in Old Scottsdale in the Old West town area, the Sugar Bowl pictures itself as an old time ice cream parlor. And with the generous portion sizes, delicious ice cream, and beyond reasonable pricing, I'm picking up what they are putting down!I had a double scoop of mint chip that was omg good. My friends each tried the raspberry and orange sorbet and were making super inappropriate sounds for public consumption: it was that good. I would go out of my way any time I am in the Phoenix area to get more of that Sugar Bowl!
4	I've decided to update my review based on the owner responding to my review. I don't take back what I said about it being just okay and sort of the main draw being the cute vintage diner feel but it's clear that this business cares about customer feedback and that says a lot to me...it says they need another star! :)
2	The staff need to do some training courses on customer service!!!  Neat atmosphere and over all good Ice cream.  *We ordered a mint choc chip CONE -Got a mint choc chip scoop.  *Ordered a choc chip scoop - got a MINT choc chip scoop.*Ordered a choc chip shake - got aMINT choc chip shake!*Ordered a root beer float to share with four people - got ONE spoon, NO STRAWS!Asked for straws - got a fist full!!!  We didn't complain about the mint shake since we are adults and it was good.  We did have them correct the scoop to a cone tho for a child.  Then they charged us for the extra scoop!They changed it but not till after I told her she could have the extra scoop-since it was uneaten...I knew they could not take it back per health code.  They did fix it.  HOWEVER, This place could be over the top but the service just is not good for the price!!I beg you all...PLEASE FIX THE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!  You will be out of business...there are too many great places to go...the value of a dollar is so important and I'm just not gonna WASTE it on a place that has POOR SERVICE! Step it up!!!!!!
1	Great water.  Food was something I would have made in college for myself.  After 30m+ of waiting I considered ghosting...should have.
1	Terrible service. Mediocre food. We literally spent 2.5 hours here just trying to have lunch. It became a case of weighing how much time we had already invested vs. 'should we just get up and leave.' We should have left. By the time we were done, most of the nearby shops had closed. I don't know what took so long, as the sandwiches were on par with something a 5-year-old could have slapped together -- white bread, mayo, luncheon meat, iceberg lettuce. Our waitress  failed to bring salad dressing after two requests, so I went up front to get it myself. A bus girl said she would bring it. When she failed to, I went up front yet again and this time waited for her to bring it out of the kitchen. This experience has taught me to always check the yelp review first, not an hour into a bewilderingly bad experience.
4	Definitely a must go for the experience. It's a old time ice cream parlor and is always packed during spring training. My favorite thing here is the choose your own sundae. Ice cream is fresh and creamy. You can also get a scoop to go.
5	I always come here when I visit Scottsdale. They have the best grilled cheese in the world. The ice cream and service are both good too.
