5	AH! The Roberto's of my College Years.... Rolling out of our highrise dorm at 1AM, getting the housemates together and leaving the misty La Jolla seashore for Miramar Road in the ol' VW Golf for some late night snacking on Nacho w/ Guacamole, hold the jalapeno... I was a vegetarian back then after all, so no taquitos for me (back then.) I have the menu here in front of me and they have locations in California, Nevada, and Florida. .....but NONE in the Bay Area. This makes baby Jesus cry. THIRTY locations in Henderson/ Las Vegas. 2 in Florida (Del Ray beach and Hialeah) The car's Navigon GPS system navigated me to this place after telling me there was a location on S Maryland that I never DID find.... My favorites:Taquitos (rolled tacos) with guacamole Tortilla chips with cheese and guacamoleChimichanga with chicken (available with beef or carne asada, tambien.) In one sitting (at the other location a few nights previous), i ordered the Chimichanga Plate AND a side of 3 Rolled tacos. I could SEE the Hostest with the Mostest in LV's eyes.. his EYES widened as I placed my order. The menu does not refer to Rolled Tacos as "Taquitos", however. Was there a copyright infringement suit filed or something?????Warning: Going here twice during my vacation is one good reason why my jeans are Too Tight today. I'm just saying.
5	day 17 alreadyi think of that song. should i stay or should i go now. if i stay there will be trouble. if i go there will be double. i miss my family already and waking up to an empty house in vegas. maybe i should have stayed in portland longer. but the idea of me staying anywhere too long sounds dreadful and me leaving places seems to upset others. my dad is getting really old...damn i feel worthless today. like i haven't accomplished anything in a while. i'm hungry. i need a burrito. i came here on the recommendation of a friend i am staying with. without jiu jitsu friend and yelp friends i would be really screwed. this place is in an area thats being bulldozed and redeveloped. the inside is typical mexican taco spot. the burritos are huge and cheap! very cheap. i had a chorrizo burrito for breakfast and now i need a nap.
5	This is where I had the best cheese enchilada I ever had in my entire lifetime.... I shit you not.  Oh sure, it was cheap and tawdry, full of that yummy sharp orange cheese.... and it was amazing.  I remember looking at it, eating it, and being absolutely taken aback.... I had visions of walking down the aisle in a grease-stained wedding dress, dragging a 6-foot enchilada to the alter... "you may now devour your husband".  AHAHHAA, okay, I'm a little sick.If you are a cheese addict like I am, this will surely give you your fix.  Every time I go to Las Vegas, I try to stop here and get an enchilada.  Sometimes the simplest things in life can be memory-makers.  :)  Enjoy!
4	This particular Roberto's is like a beacon of light among a sea of ticky-tacky track homes.  It's conveniently tucked away in at the corner of Cactus and Bermuda.  Since it sits in a low traffic area, it's never super busy like others. It has a drive thru located at the end of a mini strip mall.  I love Roberto's food and they are always generous with their portions.  My favorites are the unbelieveably savory rolled beef tacos (always with Guacamole and cheese), fish tacos, carne asada chimichangas, carnitas nachos and even chips with guacamole and cheese.  The drive thru is open 24 hours, so it's probably the best and cheapest after-gambling or clubbing food around!As a frequent visitor to Vegas, sometimes you start to hate/dread the strip and just want something cheap (why not?) simple and fast ...you get all this and so much more!!!PS... OK, I'll share a funny story regarding the rolled tacos... I ordered them through the drive thru and was so hungry, I couldn't wait to get home and started eating them in the car.  I had no idea I was dripping sauce, guacamole and cheese on myself.  Before I got home, I had to stop off at a drugstore to pick up a few things.  I distinctly remember the guy at the checkout having a funny look on his face and never really making eye contact with me.  I just brushed it off and hurried back in the car when I saw my reflection on the store glass - my shirt looked like an art canvas of green, orange and red!! I can't imagine what the checker thought... maybe one too many martinis... Geez...at that point I just laughed and cleaned myself up!
5	place is excellent!!! great amount of food for a good price
5	oh, god, oh god, OH GOD GOD, YES! YES!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
5	BEST MEXICAN food ever tasted!!!! omg so inexpensive and so DELICIOUS!!!! U must hit up any Roberto's when you visit Vegas, I am dead serious! They open 24 hrs so you MUST eat here after a drunk night.  Believe me every dish on the menu will give you a food orgasam.  Mmmm.... i miss Roberto's.
5	You have eluded me...I had you once and I remember it was good. But my last outing to Vegas you escaped me. I'm going to go to that Gas Station in which you hide and I'm going to get me one of your carne asada burritos, an order of carne asada fries AND a taco...ALL AT ONCE!!!Next time...NEXT TIME for damn sure!****NOTE TO THE SBC****DO IT!!!!
5	Their chicken tacos are the BEST! Stuffed full of shredded chicken... Three of those tacos with some of their red salsa - that's dinner! Be on the look out for their .99 cent tacos deals - that's the only way this food gets any better!
4	This is THEE after hours, after clubbing, SOOO drunk eating staple!Must SAMPS: Horchata  (Pronounced: WHORE-chata)When I first moved here, I swear, I drank their horchata more than water itself.
4	Fast food and fast service. We ordered a chicken burrito and an assortment of chicken and beef rolled tacos. Both were tasty and the prices very reasonable.The burrito was brimming with chicken and peppers. Spicey but not over powering.The rolled tacos came covered in guacamole, sour cream, shredded lettuce and shredded cheese.Filled us up and didn't break our wallets like most places in this town.
3	I don't know. It's cheap, it's not bad.. I think I'm ruined for any sort of authentic Mexican food, as I prefer Taco Bell to this place. Maybe it's my undying hatred of cilantro? I don't know, but I've eaten at Roberto's a few different times and still don't think it's great.
5	Roberto's... Had a few beers? Want something to fill that belly at 3 am?It's delicious, it staves off hangovers, it fills you up, it's cheap. It does it all... Roberto's steak quesadilla... order it with pico de gallo (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, etc) and get some of those jalapenos they have at the mini bar. Don't worry that it looks like a sad salad bar... who cares!?!?!This is budget Mexican at it's best. Get the peppers, get the sour cream, get the steak quesadilla (extra steak)... Put it all together and YUM!No hangover, guaranteed!
5	24 hour fresh mexican food with a DRIVE THU...I'm in heaven!!!  Breakfast burittos, carne asada burritos, chimichangas, rolled tacos, & the Horchata are all DELISH!  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
3	I have seen a lot of these chains since I moved here and was hoping that I found my go to place for mexican food. I ordered a carna asada burrito and the meat was decent quality but way too much salt in on it. Maybe I got a bad batch but first impressions make a lasting impression. Might give it another go when I craving mexican and dont want to drive far.
4	Roberto's is one of my favorite fast food Mexican restaurants in Vegas.Quick notes:Open 24/7One of the cleanest locations in townThe supreme nachos are a personal favorite (get them in a to-go container).Amazing spot... definite must try for those who haven't
5	this is one of those places that you can not eat at every day but it is an amazing morning after a long night meal. I moved from Northern Cali so our go to heart stopper was Carolinas. So when I moved into this neighborhood and saw that we had a Roberto's it was a must try. I tried the Carne Asada burrito the first time and was happy with the choice. We have also tried out the super nachos, taco's, and carne asada fries. This place is a must if you are in need of a hangover or savere hunger pain reliever.
4	Very very good Mexican food!  We are snobby Soouthern Californians when it comes to Mexican food, but this place was delicious and cheap!  Got a carne asada burrito and man, it was stuffed full of meat.  The meat was also very flavorful and fresh!  Will definitely go back!
5	If you want good, inexpensive Mexican food 24 hours a day..this is the place to get it! I've been to several locations out here in Vegas and I will keep going back! The Carne Asada tacos are awesome and so are the breakfast burritos..they don't skimp on ingredients here! My husband and I ate there for under $10..eat at Roberto's!
5	I was staying in Vegas for a week, and I hit up this place 4 times! Seriously.  Before I dropped off my gf at the airport, she wanted this place to be her last meal before heading back to Fresno. Seriously. So good and as authentic as the taco shops in San Diego.  As a gift, I then took a best friend (who now lives in Vegas, and grew up in San Diego) to this taco shop. Sharing is caring.
4	When I visit my brother and him family in Vegas they always rant and rave about Roberto's. My fiance and I decided to try it (since he is an authentic part mexican). I ordered the enchillada and taco plate. Overall pretty good! I was starving so anything that came into my path would get demolished. It was pretty clean which is one of my biggest fears of any place I eat. The food was a little oily but what am I thinking?!?! It's mexican food! Very tasty and friendly to your wallet. A must try.
5	I go to Roberto's at least once a week.  Good reliable tacos... love em...
1	Horrible. Just horrible. I was so disappointed. Their food taste like crap. I couldn't even finish my meal. I got the chicken plate with enchillada. It just taste bad. The most portion I ate was probably the bean. I don't even eat the bean most time. I eat the rice, but their rice is just bad too. I don't see what the big deal is.
4	They are all over Las Vegas and are always great for fresh cook to order Mexican Food. Honestly I only order the 2 beef taco plate with rice and beans. The quality is always consistent and good.
5	I have family out in Vegas..And its a MUST to stop by when we come into, In the middle of our stay, and right before we leave. Carne asada fries are the shit! The shrimp Burrito is pretty gnarly too..
3	Okay, so I lived in Vegas for a total of 5 years. Coming from San Diego (where I now live again), Roberto's is a staple taco shop. A great place to get your 24 hour Mexican food munchie on! But I also know that there's alot of "imitators" out there with taco shops. I just called whose "-bertos" because it's usually just some other prefix with the "berto" name attached (Alberto's, Filberto's, Juanberto's). Anyway, when I saw a "Roberto's" down the block from where I lived, I figured it to be just a knock off of the ones in San Diego. I pull up to the drive-through to be greeted by the same broken English that I get at other places, "Mah, I help tu?" I play it safe and order a bean and cheese burrito. My order is repeated and confirmed. When I pull up to the window, sure enough there's a customer service sign with none other than Jose Roberto's phone number and address. Complete with 619 area code and Chula Vista zip code. I was stoked that this was an actual Roberto's!The food I got resembled what I got in San Diego. It's as authentic as your going to get for a taco shop in Vegas. My only disappointment is that I didn't realize how many there were in Vegas. Man, have I been missing out!!! The food was great and I ate there many times during my stay in Vegas. It was a nice little reminder of San Diego and good food when your drunk and need something to fill your stomach.Could have gave this place a Four Star. But let's face it, it's a taco shop. You know what you're going into when you get there.
1	ew.I love roberto's.. but this particular location was a hot mess.  it could've been because we were there after a long night of gambling and it was pretty late..  but, it doesn't matter what time it is.  if your a 24 hour joint.. u better make sure it looks the way it did when u first opened!let me paint a mental picture of my first impression: the first thing u see when u walk in is the the salsa bar which looked like it hadn't been replenished in 30 years.  the tables looked unkept.. and there was no employee in sight. we walked in pretty buzzed and really hungry.. so you could definitely hear us come in.  we didn't comein with ninja footsteps.  [it was a good night of gambling with friends.. so 'spirits' were high. literally.] we tried not to be so annoying  and brought it down a little for the 4 patrons eating their food when we walked in. [teenagers mind u, I'm sure they didn't mind us knuckleheads.]so while we waited for someone to come out and help us,  we took the opportunity to scope the menu.. even though we knew what we wanted and knew the menu.  the point is, no one was there to help us... so we had time.it took forever for this kat to come out!  the f'd up part was we could kinda see him in a back room visible from the counter, sitting on a chair.  we had to hoot and hollar for him to help us.. [another minute and I was about to go and see if I could help him!]  but alas, he finally comes to and takes our order without apologizing for the wait.  boo.1/2 star for: DRIVE THRU.  [and it only gets half because we waited forour food outside, and watched a car waiting to take an order for about 10 to 15 minutes.  i don't know if the speaker was off... or the man inside went to sit back down.. but, really? [if I were waiting that long I would've gotten out of my car while it was still parked in the drive thru.  it's better off as a parking space..]anyway.... I will not return to this particular location.  thank goodness this is not my neighborhood roberto's because it sucks!
4	i don't really crave mexican food, but sweet chihuahua their tacos are frickin good! i thought $2 a taco was a bit high, but they were stuffed, and worth it.   why not 5 stars? every Robertos i've ever gone into, smells like floor cleaner.......wth? you know, that bleachy smell. so i drive thru. or get to go. ole
4	I have to give a quick throw down update to Robertos... This place is walking distance from my house and the neighbors and I have been having late night beer pong tourneys and well nothing soakes up a stomach full of beer pong domination like a giant burrito, my new hangup is the breakfast burrito with bacon... This location is one of the cleaner and friendliest... I was shorted a side of Guacamole one time but other than that mishap the location has been spot on and helps to take care of any late night suffering!!
4	I find it only fitting that my first review on Yelp be of our local late night Mexican take-out joint both for my absolute affinity for Mexican Food and my love for this gem of a Roberto's...Yes, I know - there are dozens of Roberto's locations across the valley and I have not sampled each establishment's fare, but having gone to a good number of them, I can honestly attest to the Bermuda location's superiority! While most of the favorite late night dishes (Super Fries, Three Rolled Tacos, Carne Asada Burritos, etc.) are similar to other locations, the difference is in the little details...the hot sauce here is not too seedy, the spicy carrots are always fresh and crisp and the friendly staff is always willing to make reasonable substitutions - a must for my pico-for sour cream trade-off on my California Burrito! MMMmmmm.....
5	We stopped by Roberto's to grab some breakfast. The bacon, egg, cheese & potato burrito was great and at a fairly good price!
5	Ok I have to confess...Roberto's Taco Shop is my weakness...BUT not just any Roberto's...specifically this location because although it is a chain taco shop, for some reason this location on Bermuda and Cactus seems to make it slightly better then the rest.  Here's a few reviews for some of their menu items that are my fave...The Carne Asada French Fries is nothing but greasy goodness.  In order for the fries to survive the attack of the guacamole, carne asada, refried beans, sour cream, onions, and tomatoes, you have to ask for the fries to be extra crispy.The beef tacos are sinfully good!  They are definitely not stingy with the beef and shredded cheddar cheese.  There is so much in one taco that if taken apart you can make a second taco.The golden fried fish in the fish tacos is paired with a tangy coleslaw.  A hint of lemon juice just adds the right touch and you'll find yourself wanting more.  The salsa bar is made up of pickled jalapenos, carrots, and onion.  There is also a salsa verde that is just the right heat, regular salsa that is mild, fresh cut radishes and cucumbers, with lemon wedges and cut up lime.  What I like to do is make a cucumber salad with lemon, salt and tapatio...so so good!That's it for now...gotta head to Roberto's...!!!
3	Why is Roberto's such a favorite for late night munchies? It could be that all of their fried items are done so in lard. I was happy for my friend who has a soy allergy because she does not have to worry about dying. At least not from coming in contact with her allergen. The same cannot be said from a possible heart attack.I cannot resist the rolled tacos. They are a comfort food that is slathered in guacamole and topped with a generous amount of shredded cheese. The prices are comparable to other fast food Mexican. Plus there is an added bonus of it being 24 hours.
2	What is the big deal about Roberto's? I just don't get it. Perhaps I need to venture further into the menu and start sampling something other than the tacos and nachos? The food is ok, but I don't find it particularly flavorful or yummy. In fact, I typically wind up throwing most of it away (no matter how hungry and/or drunk I might be). I do appreciate, though, that this location is open 24 hours a day.
1	I had a bad experience! Perhaps if I had ordered something else, it may have been different, but unfortunately, I will not be returning.It was a late night and I was too lazy to drive to my usual, and reliable spot, Felipito's.Went through the drive through and waited nearly 15 minutes at the window before I got my food. I ordered a chicken burrito and asked them what it came with. They said chicken, peppers, pico de gallo and sour cream. I asked to add rice and guacamole and they said its an extra charge, so I said "ok, that's fine." Came home to realize they gave me only ONE hot sauce, which is clearly not enough for a burrito. Then, as I'm eating my chicken burrito, I find that all they put inside my burrito was RICE AND CHICKEN...and that's it! Besides having missing ingredients, the chicken was huge chunks of chicken that made it nearly impossible to bite through.I'll definitely be making the drive over to Felipito's next time I have a craving.
3	I've been here a bunch of times in the past and always loved their food but i think its because it was always late at night and mid/after party when anything would taste good, I don't know.  This last time I didn't really care for the carne asada nachos that I had. It was huge and had everything I wanted but it was just missing something I don't know what it was, I even left full but still hungry. Maybe all that bud light lime, not my usual drink, I was drinking the entire night ruined the taste. I still like that they had fast service and are open 24 hours.
4	If they get your order right you are in for some great Mexican food. Only thing in Vegas that makes me forget Tito's back home. 24 hour drive thru too!!!
2	My husband and I were looking for a quick drive thru for some Mexican food.  We drive by this almost daily and decided to try it.  My husband ordered the breakfast burrito.  He stated he liked it...but it was a typical breakfast burrito.  I ordered the carne asada platter.  The meat was really tough.  The rice and beans were standard.  There wasn't any guacamole.  But the tortillas were really good.  We thought we were going to be able to go thru the drive thru quickly, however, it took forever!  I don't see us going back because we like Laurita's on Maryland and Pebble much better.
4	My husband continually bugs me to hit up a Mexican food place wherever we visit (yes, even in Japan) so when we visited Vegas for a weekend we had to go to Roberto's. My brother lives there and he always goes here for his fix. We ate Roberto's twice in one day. We picked up three breakfast burritos for $12 bucks. The bag the burritos were in felt like it weighed 10 pounds and for the price pretty worth it. We went there for lunch before we headed on an airplane for a 6 hour flight. I had two carnitas tacos and my husband had the chile relleno plate. The carnitas tacos had guacamole and pico de gallo on it and the green salsa they have tastes amazing. The carnitas meat seemed to be charred on the edges which made it crispy. It was really tasty. My husband loved his chile relleno plate and seemed to drink the red hot salsa they had as he poured it over everything. Anyway, even though Roberto's is a pretty big chain in Vegas, the food was pretty good and they are open 24 hours!
3	Pretty good take out, wouldn't eat in as it's a bit noisy.  They have a great fresh veggie side bar with radishes!
2	I'm a huge fan of Roberto's, but over the years, this location has consistently been the worst one in the area. In 9 years of Roberto's, this is the only one that's given me food poisoning (chicken chimichanga). The quality is also generally lousy which is weird since every other one pretty much tastes exactly the same - kind of the point of a chain. You may wonder why I'd go back to a place that I know sucks. What can I say, I'm a typical lazy American and a 24hr drive thru is a powerful draw. Got beef nachos and the shredded beef had a dog food like consistency. So yes it's convenient, but you've been warned. There's a billion other Roberto's so I'd suggest avoiding this one unless you're feeling super lazy.
3	I ate here yesterday and it was ok. I ordered something I normally wouldn't get, but I thought I would be adventurous and got the chile rellenos and cheese enchilada plate. It was ok, not a big fan of their enchilada sauce on everything. But every other time was great
2	I love Robertos... But lately the food they make tastes like booboo. It's never hot and the next day I get sick from it... This place doesn't get my order right on the regular so we will not be coming back. Get it together !
4	Carne asada fries.  Seriously, that's all you need to know.
4	My go to spot when I'm angry at my tummy.  I mean this in the nicest way possible.   "What's that you say?  You need more veggies?"   as I take another bite of my California burrito stuffed to the absolute limit with steak, cheese, and potatoes.  As it's pleading for help I add to it with a heaping forkful of Carne Asada fries and wash it down with whatever alcoholic beverage I might be indulging myself with that evening (early morning?)Great for drive homes where it's 3 am and you're trying to remember when the last time you ate was and what kind of food you might have available when you'll wake up and dont want to move.  My list of recommended food:1.  California burrito (steak, cheese, fries.   3 essentials to late night dining)2.  Machaca Burrito (Shredded beef, eggs.  Breakfast OR Dinner.  Or Both.  HAVE YOUR PREFERRED HOT SAUCE ON HAND before ordering)3.  Carne Asada Fries (you can't ever get enough fries, cheese and steak)4.  Carnitas Burrito/Carnitas Plate (when you're sick of gut busting steak and instead want gut busting pork)5.  Adobada Burrito/Carne Asada Burrito/Chorizo Burrito (eenie, meenie..)You really can't go wrong IMO, though I personally am not a fan of their chicken overall, and I tried the Flying Saucer on a whim because it was the most expensive thing on the menu and I expected them to hand over the keys to the store based on the other menu items' relative value, and instead it was just some disappointing tostada thing.
4	My place to go when im craving mexican food. They make my order quick when i make it To Go. When they make mistakes on my order ( 2 or 3 times) they would give me free food like a carne asada burrito. How nice of them. I give it 4 instead of 5 because on this particular store, it gets pretty lonely when youre eating in and theres no music. They should add radio because it gets pretty weird when youre eating in silence. Hopefully they will add one sooner or later!
3	this is a average Roberto's location.
4	Late night Mexican food is a nice change from regular fast food. I've had the shrimp cocktail, carne asada burrito and their enchiladas.  All good but the beans and enchiladas are a barely warm. Other that the heat issue, I get fast service and it's way better than grease filled burger drive throughs.
4	I moved to Vegas about a year and a half ago and I have always heard soooooo much about Robertos!  So I finally had to try it and see what all the hype was about... I started with something super simple, I had crispy chicken tacos, and I must admit they were quite yummy! I will definitely be going back!
1	beware: there where little ants on the soda nozzles of the soda machine!!!!!! i'm not even lying. i'm going to call the heath district.
2	Since I moved to Vegas 6months ago I've seen a Roberto's in like every shopping center, so for lunch today I said let me give it a try, must be good if it's all over the place. Boy was I wrong!!! It was ok at best, I had the chicken Tacos and I had some cartilage in it, not okay with me, the cheese they use is super cheap, all in all no quality, only reason I give it 2 stars is they had good sauces and it's open 24hrs, if I'm not drunk and starving at 3am in would probably never come back here again
4	Too sad that I've moved away from Roberto's Taco Shop territory. I lived just around the block from this location and hunger pangs were usually cured by Roberto's. I only ever really get one or two things from here when I go, but consistency is what I liked! The meat in the burritos are a little tough sometimes or overcooked, so I hardly get those but Roberto's is my go-to for carne asada fries. Extra cheese and ask for some jalapenos before I drive off and I'm good to go. Best carne asada fries I've had in the valley.
4	The four star designation comes with an asterisk for Roberto's. It's 4 stars depending on your sobriety level. Because of that, I'll complete my review in three states of soberness, those being: Stone cold sober, mildly buzzed, and OMG did I really do that?Stone cold sober: When I haven't had a few swigs of captain courage I'd give Roberto's a strong 3 star rating. It's decent Taco Shop food. They do carne asada the right way. Their beans are so-so. They generally top everything liberally with cheese. I'm a big fan of their California burrito and/or cheese enchiladas. The enchilada sauce is really good, just the right amount of kick. Everything is always very fresh. Their are occasions where the food just isn't that consistent, then there are times when it's absolutely bomb-digity. Mildly buzzed: So I used to live in the houses right next to Roberto's, and on more than one occasion I stumbled over there at about 2:30 in the morning with eyes way bigger than my stomach, a pocket full of cash, and nothing but the night and some additional brewski's awaiting. At this point, Roberto's gets a very strong 4 star rating. One, because it was literally a 3 minute walk from my house, Two, because it is open 24 hours. And three, because I'm pretty sure that after enough to drink I'd rate it some of the greatest food I've ever eaten in my life. Late night eats often included Carne Asada Nachos and rolled tacos. Both very good. As others have reviewed, the Carne Asada Nachos are pretty amazing. Add multiple drinks prior to eating and you might give Roberto's a Michelin star. OMG did I really do that?: At this point in a night you're either at your absolute best or rock bottom worst. I've experienced both, but I couldn't begin to tell you what I ate, how much I ate, how good it was, or whether I'd recommend it to a friend. Because of Roberto's convenient location, there have been numerous pit stops here at the 4am hour. I'm thinking that my go-to item may have been a cheese quesadilla. Something kind enough on my stomach not to send me praying to the porcelin gods, but greasy enough to absorb a portion of the 5 beers, 4 jaegerbombs, and unknown amount of jello shots. At this point in the night/morning/dawn Roberto's is a 5 star Taco Shop, capable of both feeding that drunken appetite and nursing people back to sobriety...one burrito at a time.
1	The last time I checked, a California Burrito has Fries in it, not a shitload of grilled onions and rice. Using shit thats just laying around to put in a burrito because someone is coming to the Drive-Thru and you know the odds are they wont notice until its too late to come back, shows just how some locations can be compared to Del Taco rather than an authentic restaurant.Will not visit this one again!This location's performance will also contribute to it's falling in the rankings on LasVegasBestTacos.com when the new rankings are released!Stay away from this location!
3	This is your typical Roberto's and I can't see myself giving it 4 stars. Food is pretty solid and service is good. The condiments look a little old sometimes, so just be careful with that. I've been here a few times, sober and not so sober. So I'm sure the employees were like "why are they laughing so much?" I'm sure they're used to it though. Typical run would consist of carne asada nachos, beef tacos, maybe a adobado burrito depending on the bf's appetite and a side of enchilada sauce. We never end up using it all, but the bf and his brother swear that all the food tastes better with it. Good spot for food after a night of drinking or just a night of gluttony.
2	First of all when you go thru the drive-thru they dont greet you at all. There food is also very greasy. And when your done ordering they never tell the total. How are we supposed to know how much the total is if they dont tell us.
3	I frequent this Roberto's probably about twice a month. Customer service is usually sub par, but food is pretty consistence for the most part, which keeps me coming back.
1	They got my order wrong and I told them and said I was a liar and refused to help me. It was the worst customer service I have seen in awhile.
3	As much as I love this place'a good (which is whys gave three stars), they constantly get my order wrong. I order no pico, it comes with pico. I order guacamole, it comes with none. Sometimes I am missing whole items. There is never consistency and I just assume my order will be wrong. The kicker is, they always read my order back to me. Hopefully it gets better, but I suggest going in to ensure you get everything correct.
1	I've been here before and was disappointed, rice and beans had no flavor...I decided give it one more try so I ordered the California burrito,  once again I left disappointed the meat had so much pepper and that's about the only flavor, had maybe 4 fries in it....really makes me wonder if they don't know how to season food, I'm giving up on this place I will go back to Don Tortaco
2	My co-worker just got back to the office with some Carne Asade Nachos that were SUPER SKIMPY! Smallest portion of Nachos ever...poor guy is HANGRY (hungry + angry). SAD FACE for Bermuda Robertos!
2	Years later, James O., a self-proclaimed fan of Roberto's, convinced me to give it another try. Unfortunately, it was just as I remembered...ick. I think one of the biggest issues here is lack of flavor. Hint: Be sure to ask for both red and green sauce, and extra of each. You've got to smother the meat in the sauces to make it even edible. The carne asada nachos and fries are great in theory, and they don't lack for toppings (but more cheese would certainly be appreciated) - but they totally lack flavor. The taco shells are too greasy and have just a small pinch of meat in them. Where's the beef? Even James O. said he didn't like the tacos this time around. So perhaps the culprit is this particular location? Or perhaps James O. only actually likes Roberto's when he's really drunk and/or hungover? Bottom line: This is not where I will be purchasing my tacos.
