4	So, I moved back to the Bay Area 6 years ago this week. Last week, I was in Phoenix and met with some friends from high school who I haven't seen in 9 and 11 years respectively. Our 20 year HS reunion is next month and since I am not going, decided we should have our own mini type reunion and this was a place easy enough for all of us to meet up. Yes this is a chain, and yes when in Phoenix I play the chain game. When this restaurant was built, it was all the rage. I used to work for a company close by and this was the place we would go to for recognition type lunches, etc. The portions were huge, there was a salad bar (yep this seems eons ago) and service was great. There was always a line and if you showed up at dinner time, you had to be prepared for a 1+ hour wait. We all met at 6:30 on a Wednesday night. No line outside, no one waiting inside and we were seated immediately. This told me right away that either the economy has taken a real toll or that the Claim Jumper isn't jumping anymore. We were seated and all just started gabbing away. We all had non alcoholic beverages and warned the waitress we would be there for the long haul with gabbing, etc. so if she needed us to leave so she could get more tables to let us know. Heads up folks visiting AZ from CA-any wait staff in AZ DOES NOT MAKE MINIMUM WAGE. They make around $4.25 an hour now (used to be $2.12) and have to depend on tips. This is why I find service in AZ to typically be stellar compared to service here. They have a smaller menu than they used to and also offer smaller plates. We all had something different-me a spinach salad and a big ass baked potato. My friends had a chicken sandwich of sorts and the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. We were all satisfied and my friends each took part of their meal home. We also all shared a coffee ice cream mud pie. It didn't taste as good as I remembered it, but it was a nice end to the meal. The desserts are still larger than life and even with 3 women gabbing and noshing, we left about a third of it. The waitress was great-the restaurant still never got busy and we ended up closing the place down (that would be 10pm)! The three of us then ended up sitting outside in front of the restaurant and gabbed and gabbed until well after midnight. It was a great evening and a nice place to have played catch up with old friends (none of us are 40 yet so they wouldn't like me calling them "old"). I drove back to my mom's and parked the car, took off my shoes and walked through the house on my tip toes. Kind of like how I used to come home in high school but I wasn't drunk or stoned...
3	Fried apps are decent here and a value at happy hour.  They have those silly "schooner" mugs for beer which have the obnoxiously thick glass.  This place has an odd menu in that they try to do everything, American, fish, quasi-asian dishes, etc.  Prices are a little high for what feels like another chain similar to Applebee's or Chilis.
5	Oh yeah... my ATF in Phoenix.Had lunch here today with a customer. As usual, the restaurant is pretty cool, service good, and food ridiculously good. They even have a rather significant GF section of their menu - and suggestions throughout the menu on how to order stuff Gluten Free. Cool.The Artichoke heart thingamabob appetizer is unreal. It's dipped in love, broiled until awesome, and served with a teaspoon or two of holy shit that's good....I ordered the Strawberry Something or Other salad with blackened chicken. The chicken breast was sliced paper thin and spread throughout the salad - which is different than I am used to. Now I can't ever order chicken on a salad again because I'll want it "Claim Jumper style". DAMN YOU CLAIM JUMPER.....Huge portions, good food, and good service. It's a fiver...
4	We were kid Free last night an decided to have a little date night. I figure if I spend more then $50 she will....well you know. LOL We decided on dinner and a movie. Dinner was here at the Claim Jumper. This place has been here since the complex was built but still looks new inside and out. The staff was friendly and helpful. The food was large and delicious. We each had a burger. Mine was a little over cooked as I asked for Med rare but it was still juicy so I was okay with that. They cook a nice hunk of 1/2 Lb beef grilled not flat fried and add a ton of toppings if you wish. I had the bbq sauce cheese let tom 1000 island and Angie had the onion rings avocado cheese let and tom. They were darn good. We each had a salad for the side. The Blue cheese and 1000 are both homemade and were really good. Angie had the Ranch but seemed to like the blue better. The bar has a decent happy hour menu, might check it out. PS we saw Get him to the Greek and thought it was funny but neither of us pee'd ourselves. LOL
4	Two words for you "Happy Hour"...now while i don't drink...there are great deals for food and drink during happy hour. This location is right across the street from the American Express building that i work in. Alot of people go there from lunch from the building because it is in walking distance in a nice strip mall with a huge AMC  Theatre. Great locale for dinner and a movie. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!
5	Just had lunch here. Another great experience - you pretty much can't go wrong at Claim Jumper. I'm not a major salad buff by any stretch of the imagination, but I didn't want to fill up on anything so I went for one of their salads and man was I glad I did. I got the goat cheese and beet salad - walnuts, beets, mixed dark greens, papaya, cherry tomatoes in a citrus sauce with goat cheese. The cheese pretty much amounted to a tiny bit of sprinkles on top of the salad, but that didn't matter because it pretty much became my favourite salad of all time today after only having it once. Highest praise I can give to a dish basically. The Yelp app failed to lock my location so I couldn't do a checkin; apart from that, a five star visit.No idea why the Yelp info shows this place as being in Scottsdale though. It's N Phoenix, at the 101 and I-17. Submitted biz change to have this corrected. (I was wondering why the CJ's didn't show up on my Yelp app on the cellphone for checkin; now I know..)
3	Not feeling like cooking or going out this past Friday night, my hubby & I decided to place an order with Delicious Deliveries. With an almost $9 delivery & convenience charge, we will just get our lazy asses up & carry out next time. Ok, on with the review... For an app we ordered the soft pretzels (double order). For our entrees we ordered the top sirloin with cheese potatocakes, asparagus & a sourdough roll & the whiskey-apple glazed pork loin that came with mashed potatoes, roasted veggies & a buttermilk biscuit. Oh & as if he didn't have enough sides, my hubby also got a side of the organic corn. For dessert we ordered the seasonal pumpkin cream cheese pie. The soft pretzels were so good! They forgot the dipping sauce but we just used yellow mustard & devoured the 2 HUGE pretzels. Hubby ate all of his sides 1st (except the roll that they forgot also) so he didn't have room for the steak, but loved all of his sides. My entree was just ok, it was pretty blah overall, the best part was the biscuit. The dessert was very good & a HUGE portion (I think that's the theme for this restaurant). Total (with tip & stupid delivery charges) was about $73, pretty steep for just an ok meal. Glad I tried it but I'm not in any rush to come back.
1	About three weeks back. Chicken salad 3 pieces with uncooked areas.  The rest is kinda detail. The Main office got back to us re the tweeted picture of raw chicken,the local one didn't even address it. Looked up their ratings re health and safety and it appears to be a more institutional problem  than this oversight.
3	Visited the location for lunch, and ordered the meat loaf dinner with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies. The meat loaf proportions seemed a little small from what I remembered eating there years ago, but the flavors were good. My wife ordered the fish and chips; the fish was clean with no fish taste with a good sized plate. The service was prompt and professional with a good atmosphere. On the weekends you can't order from the lunch menu, so it's kind of pricey for lunch. $43.00 with 2 iced teas.
4	Good food and Ice cool beer! what more can you ask for. the chilie is awsome
2	10 of us, who go out to dinner every Friday night, decided to try this restaurant's location.We were informed upon sitting and starting to order cocktails "Happy Hour" specials only occurred if one were to sit at the bar.  I suggested possibly the waiter could question the manager to possibly extend the policy to 10 people who just arrived and were going to order dinner - the manager approved some special pricing which we have yet to determine.  Dinners arrived  a little more then 1 hour after ordering.  The restaurant was not full and no one was waiting for a table when we arrived or left.  One asked if there would be some bread - as he is a diabetic and needed some food - we were told it came from a "different window", but the waiter would see we got some.  After several suggestions before and during the meal - it never arrived.  Refills on iced tea and water were rare at best - my iced tea, after requests, was filled at the end of the meal.  Then the waiter, after questioning us several times as to whether we were happy and all was well, came to the table, obviously at managements insistence, and gave us nothing more then a spiel on joining some sort of club for $25, for which we would after buying meals get a free one or some sort.  I, very nicely, informed the waiter I would assume the over 1 hour wait for meals was not his fault and that management had a lot of nerve to now request possibly joining a "club".  Very nicely I informed him I could only speak for myself, but I would never return and would write this review.  The food was OK -nothing special, but the service was just not there.The management, or lack thereof is in trouble if this service and attitude were to continue.
2	Don't order the calamari, it was the worst and so chewy! I had a spinach salad, it was OK. My friend had tri-tip sliders on of which barely had any meet on it, but his fries were good. Service was very good which was a pleasant surprise.
4	Since buying a home in the North Valley we have come to Claim Jumpers on several occasions;  the service has mixed but the food has been worth the trip.   The managers have always addressed the service issues;  (wrong item or not cooked right).  The deserts are very good.
4	I have been here a few times in the past and I was not a huge fan. They have huge portions but i didn't think anything had much flavor really. I have changed my mind about this place for sure. The Cesar salad and potato soup were good. I had the Chicken Fried Steak and it was great. The steak was tender and crispy, the country gravy on top was delicious. This took me by sup rise. I will say the green beans were over cooked, and had just been sitting for a while cause they were wrinkled and cold. My girlfriend got the prime rib and she liked it but it was fatty for sure. Her grandma got the Norwegian Salmon and she loved it. Salmon was cooked perfectly. The kiddo got the pizza and she loved it. We went on mothers day and everyone from the hostess to the servers were very attentive. We had a great lunch and were very happy. This place was on there game for mothers day for sure!
3	Decent Chain food... nuf said.
4	I tend to stay away from chains.  I don't know what had gotten into me.  I wanted a steak.  I wanted large portions.  I wanted $10 spinach artichoke dip.  I wanted good service.  I wanted GREAT FOOD!  Fortunately I almost got it all.  Fortunately.  For some reason the proverbial glass was half full last night.  If not for our waitress being a complete angel I could have easily lost it.The meal was pretty much perfect.  The main complaint was the inability of the kitchen to put out a medium cooked tri tip.  The first one they put out was served rare and well done.  Our poor waitress had obviously had to put with these sort of things alot and was visibly shaken.  I cannot stress enough how awesome our waitress was and quickly reminded her that we appreciated her efforts.The second tri tip that came out was rare, Med rare and medium.  At this point I said fack it and just enjoyed the rest of my meal.We then got visit from the manager, a charming gentleman with a shaved head.  We were shocked when he revealed to us he was well versed in the lost art of customer service.  What a Guy.  He understood that his kitchen was stinking up the joint and that we wouldn't be paying a dime for the kitchens mistakes.  Normally I would not make a statement as bold as this but...Our waitress Jodie and the shaved head gentleman running the joint are directly responsible for earning Claim Jumper a few new customers for life.  What a breath of fresh air to be treated like a paying customer.  ;)Thanks Jodie and shaved head dude.  You're both bright lights in an otherwise dark night.  Stay gold......
3	Within the past year sometime Claim Jumper has changed their menu up... and not for the better in my opinion. It seemed like a lot of their dinner items were gone and the prices seemed to be a little more expensive. I was really craving their chopped bleu cheese salad and now it's gone! When I asked if they had anything comparable to it our waitress abruptly said, "No". Uhh okay, sorry for asking. Also, their little drink menu in the bar is gone! That was a little disappointing, but despite it all the food I ordered was good. I'd come back if I was down this way, but it wouldn't be on the top of my places to go...anymore.
2	used to be 4-5 stars but now that they are owned by Landry Restaurants-who redid the menu-it just not the same./The vibe and expansive menu has been hacked. Landry Management reevaluated the menu and decided the menu was too diverse and many favorites are gone from the menu.Also, the care and cutesie-ness are gone and you can tell they have gone corporate. No more fun here and the changes are not for the better, Our meal was good, but not like before. Fresher, hot food made with care versus a production line. Sorry, we won't be back because we miss OUR Claim Jumper
2	Started going to CJ years ago in California. It was ALWAYS known for good food and lots of it. You could count on taking some home and... that was always the plan.I've been to this one in Phoenix three times in the couple months for meetings and have to say... I doubt a return trip is in the works. The menu wasn't as big and exciting, the portions have gotten smaller, the pricing was the same or slightly higher meaning the value wasn't there AND.... sorry but i love my chicken pot pie but NOT when the inside crust is still uncooked. Sure, some big pieces of chicken but for the money... I should have gotten a couple whole ones to go. Seasoning was so-so and overall, just another mediocre third visit.Also, the clam chowder (something that was always on my must have list) was thick and "chalky" and tasted more of unincorporated flour or something. Yes, there were clams but... the rest of it wasn't worth the effort. Thank God for the hot sauce.I should have taken the hint from my other visits and gone to the Macaroni Grill next door. Sorry Landry's..... not what it used to be.
1	After you get your drink the waitress turns into Houdini.  Poof, gone, no more service for you.  Needless to say I didn't eat here, you can only sit and wait for someone to take your order for so long before you just get up and walk out.  Just a tip, don't eat here... ever!
4	I love this claim jumpers
3	Good, standard food. Definitely a chain that's consistent - I've been to several around the country, and they're all pretty much the same. I go for meetings, but only once in a while on my own. It's a bit pricier than similar chains, and doesn't really offer anything to offset the cost difference.
3	Not sure exactly, but it seems to lack quality or pride and that's been reflected in the food.. We just weren't impressed.
2	I used to love this place. I don't know what's been wrong. I went for lunch last week, around 11am with my boyfriend. We are both tall, and not petite. The restaurant was almost empty, and it's a huge place, so you can imagine why I rolled my eyes and requested a bigger booth when we were seated at the tiny two seater booth. What on earth makes someone think that anyone wants to sit there ever, unless it's a full house and it's the difference between sitting immediately or waiting 30 minutes? I like to  be comfortable, and I don't have short arms. Anyway, my bf ordered a $5 tiny cup of french onion soup, with almost as much cheese as soup, gross. I got an uneventful lunch combo of half caesar salad and half sandwich, but to be honest, I dont remember the sandwich. I know it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't awesome, like I used to think of the tri tip dip, or the cashew chicken salad. The time before that  we went there, I got the chicken pot pie, and the chicken was rubbery and unedible. Our server was good that time, and he did rectify the situation to be clear. I miss the old quality, the old feeling that you were at someplace really nice, and the more generous portions. What happened?  I see to the left that I am not the only one who thinks this way, Please do something!!
3	I joined a few of my co-wrokers here lastnight for a Happy Hour and everything was actually pretty good. I am usually not a fan of Claim Jumpers, as I have always thought their food was overcooked, over fried, over done, over yuck. But lastnight, I had a Stella, relaxed and enjoyed some Calamari and their street tacos. They were great. The salsa for the chips and salsa was dull and tasteless, but it looked and tasted fresh. Not bottled. It looks like they have changed up their menu a bit since the last time I visited and thats a good thing trust me. More healthy ventures are offered and that will attract more people I think. Not that they have a problem with that to begin with. The place is always jamming packed. As it was this time, but the service was good and the atmosphere fun and that is what Happy Hours are supposed to be. Good Job Claim Jumpers.
4	I went here for a buddy's bday party.The sandwich one of us ordered was HUGE.The clam chowder was kind of small but very fresh and tasty.Sirloin steak was small but decent.Mashed potatos were yummy.So were the veggies.Food came out warm and in a fairly timely manner considering that it was a Sunday night.My crusted chicken creamy marinara pasta (w/ extra marinara on the side) was excellent.I don't eat huge portions so it was just right. I didn't need a to go box.The manager seemed very nice.Desserts didn't interest me at this place, but the main course was tasty.I would go again.
4	I'm just glad that they brought back the Strawberry "fields" salad.  Yummo!  Fresh greens, goat cheese, fresh strawberries, bell peppers, onions, glazed pecans, chicken and this amazing viniagrette dressing! Wowwy Mowwy!  Oh, and it comes with a crusty buttery cheesy bread.  I have had a few run ins with bad waiter service, but the manager was always quick to come by our table to ask if anything else was needed.  As long as I get what I ordered and I dont have to poke around their tables to make "eye contact" with my server I'm ok.  They know they will get a mideocre tip if their service is so-so.  It's on them.  My mother got a red velvet cupcake on the house for her birthday! That was nice.
4	We stopped in for lunch and were seated right away.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  We both ordered the California Citrus Salad and it was delicious!  We also had the chicken tortilla soup which was good.  ...and very clean bathrooms!
4	Haven't been here for a few years as only two restaurants exist in Phoenix, both no where near I live. Food is still good, I don't understand why the chain has struggled. Lemon drop martinis were way too easy to suck down.
2	I went knowing what I wanted, though they had a very different idea of what a ceasar salad is and had no idea how to make a melon ball. I've still yet to find a ceasar salad as good as paradise bakery, which is sad but I'm glad they do it well and I even told the bartender how to make a melon ball. It wasn't even green, a very bad sign and there was only trace amounts of alcohol to which they charged me $9. The server was nice and it wasn't her fault the silverware was filthy, the food mediocre and the drink basically oj so though I tipped well I would never go back.
3	I was only here for weekday happy hour drinks, and grabbed a tiny bit of food from one guy who ordered apps for the table. The service was very friendly, but verrrrrry slow. It would take 5-10 minutes (not kidding) just to get a beer. One guy ordered bottles, and they brought them still capped, with the guy saying "I didn't know if they were twist-off or not"...basically, meaning he brought the bottle and left not knowing if the customer would be able to open it. Not good. The drink specials were decent. I had one chicken wing which was quite tasty. There were also "bottomless" chips and salsa at the table, but apparently bottomless has a different meaning here because they were never refilled.
2	Went here for a Friday night dinner with my wife.  Since the restaurants at the shopping centers further north on I-17 were jam packed, we thought we had lucked out when we found nobody waiting at Claim Jumper.We were seated in a dark booth.  I mean DARK.  Too dark to even read a menu.  When i wiggled the light bulb in the fixture in an attempt to shed some light on the table, I was greeted with a big "POP" and sparks... followed immediately by about 4 servers running to our table asking, "Did you touch that?"  I replied yes, and they said, "Well don't do that.  You just knocked out all the lights in the whole row."  Sounds safe to me!  Seriously, if you need the number of an electrician, I can get one for you.So we resigned ourselves to dining in the dark.  In retrospect, it may have been a blessing in disguise given the absolute mediocre quality of the food.  To be completely fair, the tri-tip steak was actually pretty good.  However, the fried shrimp were more or less exactly what you'd expect to get at other "fine dining" establishments like Sizzler or Red Lobster.  Mashed potatoes and vegetables were forgettable, too.  As a capper, they brought out my cold, burnt, lifeless cheese bread about 10 minutes after the rest of the meal arrived.Our server... let's just call him "Dundee".  He passed by our table literally a hundred times during the course of the meal, but actually stopped exactly 4 times:  Once to take our order (somebody else took the drink order), once about 45 minutes later to apologize for the delay, once after being flagged down by my wife to re-up our long-empty drinks, and once to drop the check.  The service was so amazingly bad, I wanted to leave ZERO on the tip line (something I have never done in my life).  My wife took pity on young Dundee, and said that she thought it was probably "his first day".  So there ya go, Mate!  I don't know how long you've been in this line of work, but your service was so bad, my wife thought that it was probably your first day on the job.  That's the only reason you were tipped.1 star for non-existent service, 3 stars for mediocre, overpriced food.
3	A bit blah really.. They USED to have huge portions - not any more... Menu is a bit restricted, especially when compared to somewhere like The Cheesecake Factory. Service was mediocre... All in all, underwhelming and uninspiring.
2	Myself and 2 girlfriends went to Claim Jumper last night for happy hour as the menu looked like a great value. I ordered a raspberry martini which tasted like nothing but syrup. Probably the weakest martini I have ever had. When we ordered our drinks we also ordered the bottomless chips and salsa. After the drinks came we ordered the meal. For our meal we ordered 3 plates of street tacos. 1 with fish, 1 with pork and 1 with half fish/half pork. The waitress always seemed in a hurry. She would come to the table and as soon as one person made a request she would try to run off without asking anyone else. She got away a couple times so we had to wait to see her again and flag her down. The tacos came out from the kitchen. It was not the waitress who brought them. They simply asked, who has the fish...who has the pork. So our other friend who ordered half/half didn't get a plate yet. And still no chips and salsa that we ordered initially. We have already been here 20-30 minutes. I also ordered the caesar salad which I assume should have come out first with the chips. We did flag down another person from the kitchen and asked about the additional plate of tacos, the chips and salsa, and my salad. He let us know that they put the other plate of tacos on the plates already served. No extra plate or info to this regard. Served in a way that sushi is where they put all the same type of roll on one plate. Did not expect this at Claim Jumper. They finally brought the chips and salsa. And I had 2 people bring me a salad. I obviously turned down the 2nd. Now we're up to 4 people trying to serve our table. Our waitress went MIA many times and it took another 15 minutes for my friend to order another drink. The funniest part was the chips and salsa. There is a huge plate of chips and one tiny condiment sized bowl of salsa. No problem, we request more salsa. It's bottomless. So we ask for more salsa and ask for a larger bowl or multiple tiny cups. We finally get a bowl that has the optical illusion of being larger. But it doesn't look like much more salsa. So we test it out. Yes, the amount of salsa in the wide, shallow bowl fills the condiment sized tiny cup perfectly. Sooo...we see another kitchen person and flag them down and ask for a large/full bowl of salsa. So she finally brings that out. 5th person to help our table. Later on we still had chips left and could have used more salsa but it wasn't worth the effort to flag down another staff member.In the end, the reason they are getting 2 stars instead of 1 is that the food was actually pretty good. The fish tacos were very tasty, the salsa was good and fresh, and I was impressed with the $2 happy hour mini caesar salad that was served on a large plate and bigger than some lunch portion salads at other restaurants. It was the service that was lacking and it wasn't just the one waitress. It was the system they have in place where kitchen help, cooks, and wait staff are all running around a full dining room and you never know who is serving you and your main waitress isn't around much to check on the table.
2	In the years past, my family has given my husband and I gift cards to Claim Jumper for anniversary gifts, Christmas, birthdays, etc. They knew how much we LOVED this restaurant. (Notice the past tense for 'love.') We went to eat there tonight to celebrate our anniversary, and it was a complete shock. CJ used to be one of our favorite restaurants. Tonight, we experienced mediocre, overpriced food and SLOOOW service. Don't get me wrong, our waitress was really nice...just probably very busy with the other 2 tables she had in her area. The restaurant was barely full (there usually was a gaggle of people on a waiting list eager to eat there), and there was a lot of staff members standing around idle. I don't know if they are under new management, but the menu has changed, and quality of food is sub-par, and the service was slow. Needless to say, the word has been spread amongst my family NOT to get us anymore giftcards to CJ.
1	The hostesses didn't say a word to me until I had been staring at them and tapping my foot for seven minutes while they talked with each other. Later on getting the check and then processing it each took ages. It wasn't even a full section. The food was okay...
2	We were disappointed in the food and the service - not up to the caliber that we have had there in the past.   Service was slow and the food was really salty... I brought guests with us thinking we were getting the normal GREAT food - not so this visit!
4	Actually really good....
4	I forget about this place but I came here after a movie with my 2 boys...one of which is allergic to gluten.  They have a great gluten free menu, not to mention just a great kids menu altogether.  My son loves ribs and most places have the 3-5 usual staples for kids menu...but not this place.  Also the food is great here and very filling (all portions are just huge).  I ordered the chicken pot pie and a side salad.  Both of these were just awesome.  The service is fantastic here and the atmosphere is super clean and upscale casual.  It is great for groups since they can handle the business and have many HUGE tables.  The deserts are also HUGE but since I never leave this place hungry it is hard to order a desert here.
5	Great selections on desserts. Excellent place.
3	#1 - I don't like many chains#2 - This one wasn't too badOk - so the cobb salad's were only so-so.  The Chicken pot pie was fair.  But the sample they gave me of the Thai salad was very good.  If I ever go back, this is what I'll have.  Couple of wines and I'll be all set!
5	5 stars for their red velvet cupcakes. Yummy!
3	It's been a while since we've dined at a Claim Jumper restaurant.  We picked this place because it was half way between us and where a friend was visiting and it's just off the 101.  We were disappointed to learn that some of our favorite dishes are no longer on the menu.  We loved the Crispy Asian Chicken Salad....gone.  What about the Salad Bar?  Gone.  Dammit.  Instead we settled on the following items:Sliders, $10.99Potato Skins, $9.99Baby Back Ribs, $23.99The Potato Skins were very good and so were the Sliders.  However, the Baby Back Ribs were terrible.  They were too dry and didn't "slide" off the bone like you'd expect them to.  Next time, we'll pass on those.Our server was very friendly and entertaining.  She also never rushed us.  Since we were meeting friends on this visit, we had a long dinner and stayed for drinks and Dessert much later than most diners.  She was super cool about it and stopped by to check in on us from time to time.Too bad about our deleted favorite menu items.Return Factor - 50%
5	For a Saturday night the wait was short even though the place was full.  The food was good and plentiful.  I had the Tilapia Veracruz & shrimp, in came with rice  and green beans.  Taste blended in together great, that and a couple of beers....
1	I have eaten here before but not in about a year.  The place was almost empty at 12:45pm and now I know why.  Took 25 minutes to get food and half was cold.  French fries cold, hamburger cold, fish tacos warm. Sent back the burger and fries and they were returned in about 5 minutes.  Manager brought them and told me the hamburger was not cold.  So I guess when I touched it before I couldn't tell the difference.  Food was all bland and no taste.  Hamburger obviously processed and frozen and then cooked.  Fish tacos cames with a tiny cup of salsa.  We wanted more but the waitress didn't show for a while and we had to hurry and leave.  It was a very disappointing visit. We won't be returning.
3	We have a problem every time we go to Claim Jumper. I'm ready to give up. Last night I got the Grilled Chicken Pasta. They forgot to put the sauce on. It was supposed to have garlic olive oil on it. I told the server and he said he would bring it on the side. What he brought was not garlic olive oil, it was water based with lots of seasoning. So I went ahead and used it and it was not good. Only ate half the dish. We ordered the brownie for dessert. It is NOT a brownie, it's a piece of cake. I don't know if they ran out of brownies, or that's their brownie. But we were very disappointed with that. We ordered extra ice cream to go with it. That came separately just as we finished the dessert - thanks. On previous  visits to this location we've had to return dishes because they're barely warm, etc. Something every time. The only reason we come here is because we get gift cards...
3	Portions are huge! There is no way anyone should eat a full meal here. I'd say as far as quality they are average. Great happy hour prices.
5	Wow. The food here was really great. My wife and I both got the rib eye steak.  The steaks were prepared at a perfect medium.   I can't say enough good things about this place . Both steaks were cooked to perfection they were soft, tender had a wonderful sear to them and had  great meat flavor. They were delicious and melted in your mouth. The staff was super attentive the entire staff was impeccably hospitable. I must note that the service here is amazing. Everyone was so kind and accomodating and our server constantly checked on us. From beginning to end we had an exceptional experience.For dessert we split a slice of Motherlode Cake. The Motherlode a six layer slice of decadent chocolate cake and rich chocolate fudge icing topped with walnuts. This cake was featured on the Food Network as one of America's "Top 5 Most Decadent Desserts" It was the best chocolate cake I have ever tasted.  It is rich in flavor but not overbearing with chocolate.  Perfect balance of sweetness & flavor,  Not dry & not over moist.  The "slice" was huge. It was so big we brought a lot of it home for another day.  FOOD: Everything is so incredibly delicious, tender, juicy, seasoned and cooked perfectly and so flavorful. The meat was tender and buttery that the FIRST BITE WAS HEAVEN. Both were seasoned and cooked perfectly.  Compliments to the chef for that!  PRICE: Typical steakhouse pricing. SERVICE: Spectacular service - from the hostess upon arrival, to our wonderful servers throughout our meal! It was delightful -- unobtrusive, yet still engaged, informed and friendly, CONCLUSION: Food absolutely amazing! (Portions are big, we couldn't finish ours and we didn't even order any appetizer as we really wanted to savor the steak RETURN  FACTOR: 100%.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
3	I hadn't even heard about Claim Jumper before visiting for the first time recently. I really liked the inside look of the restaurant, but didn't find the food to be all that memorable or delicious. Maybe it was because I personally ordered the burger, but we also had an appetizer and I ate enough off of my wife's plate as well and she got steak. It was all not bad, but there was nothing that really entices me to want to come back for awhile. I'm sure I will return someday, but it is not a place I plan on visiting on a regular basis.
3	Drinks:Ice Tea - goodStrawberry Lemonade - barely ok,  definitely had betterAppetizer:Shrimp & Avocado Salsa - chips were not suitable for the liquidy salsa, they were thin & a weird, long, obtuse triangular shape that allowed the salsa to fall off the chip easily. The avocado was not quite ripe & lacked flavor.Salad:Caesar Salad - ok, nothing specialMeal:Chicken Pot Pie - really good, full of chunky chicken & veggies, served piping hotMini Corn Dogs - goodMac'n Cheese - good, but the cheese was a little dried out & rubbery like the dish sat under a heat lampHigh Sierra Smothered Steak - steak was cooked perfectly (medium-rare), but the blue cheese butter ruined it. The flavor of the steak was not consistent, one bite was bland & the next would be very salty.Sides:French Fries - very goodBroccoli- was not strained properly & served in a bowl with about a half inch of water at the bottom that sapped any flavor from it. Would have been nice to have maybe a little butter on the side to add to itDessert:Carrot Cake - really goodIce Cream - really goodServer:Melanie was great. Over all service:Much better then the last time we ate here over 12 years ago when we were practically ignored by our server & it took over an hour & management intervention to get the wrong order. We understand that that was an unfortunate anomaly & are pleased to say the service was much improved.
3	Nothing special really. You get a kick out of their monstrous deserts upon entry. That motherlode cake is a diabetes attack on a pedestal.The clam chowder was good. Full of clam meat and not too salty. The chicken quesadilla was good and the portion was large enough to feed two people.The pumpkin cheese pie was DELISH. Fed three of us in our party.Nothing really knocked my socks off. The food and service was good but it didn't blow me away.
5	Amazing.  Meat loaf is best anywhere.  Blackened chicken pasta was perfect.  Portions huge.  Enough to split or take home for tomorrow's lunch.  Fun decor, good service.
5	Shelly is the best waitress you could ever come across. Ask for her when you go. You can thank me later. She has the best customer service I've ever had! Oh & the food is delicious!
3	Claim jumper is a unique dining experience. From the rustic decor,  belt driven fans to the large portions. They have huge custom sandwiches which are tasty and definitely have unique flair. The staff has always been attentive every time I've went but it can get crowded during lunch and on Sunday.
1	Food - WAY OVER PRICED and not as good as you would expect with the prices. We ordered an appetizer sampler. The brought us potato skins that were still frozen in the middle, we asked for them to take them back and they did and when they brought them back they were burnt. My friend ordered a steak and asked that it be done Medium Well and when it came it was so rare it was practically mooing. Drinks - Decent but nothing to rave about. Service - Poor. Our wait staff was over whelmed by their section and was running around like a chicken with his head cut off. I understand that environments like that can cause this but I have seen worse and he should have been able to handle it. The management that came and talked to us was rude and a bit snarky. We were spending over $130 in the establishment and he acted as though we were an inconvenience since we were not happy with the appetizer or one of the drinks we had ordered. When my friend explained that her steak was not cooked enough he did offer to take it back and have it recooked but by that time that had taken place she had lost her appetite.Atmosphere - Best part of the experience.After being spoken to the way the manager spoke to us I can safely say I will NEVER return to this Claim Jumper. For the amount of money we spent that night I would have at least expected some common courtesy.
5	Ok, so after a really bad experience I went back, against my better judgement and I am so glad I did. The service = outstanding, the food (ok I didn't brave my old favorite but tried something new) = outstanding, I am so grateful. I appreciate the food, the people, even the drink (I recommend the "girls night out" yum!)Left with a new found appreciation. Thanks guys, I needed that.
2	The last three times I've been here, the service has been horrible. The wait staff is slow and not very friendly. We were done with our appetizer before anyone even came to get our food order. I ordered my steak medium well and it came out medium rare and cold. It took me 15 minutes to get the attention of the bartender (sat up at the bar) and then another 15 to bring my re - grilled steak back, meanwhile my date had finished his steak (which was also undercooked but he didn't say anything). The manager brought the steak back, offering no apology. After we left we realized we didn't get offered the bread selection that comes with the meal, let alone any kind of bread. The time before that, our "reservation" was over an hour late in being seated on a random Tuesday night, but at least we were given a bottle of wine for the table of 10.   Won't be back any time soon!
4	I like how close it is to my house. The service was great and my lunch was delicious. I think the amount of food was just right, but it was a bit pricey, especially for lunch. I did like the ambiance and I hope to eat there again so I can try the cream cheese pie
3	Happy hour is pretty solid!  Good place to go with kids as well.  The pretzels are delicious.  Their pot pie as great but do not eat it if you are going to eat any more food the rest of the day.  Ambience is pretty old school.
4	I normally hold off on writing reviews for chain places but I met up with some girlfriends for lunch on a Sunday that wanted to hear about my trip and they said let's do lunch at Claim Jumpers, so off I went.We were seated right away by the manager, who was very friendly & nice and our server for the meal was Vanessa, and let me tell you Vanessa loves her job she was superb job, she is what inspired me to write this review. From the start of the meal to the end of the meal she was present thoughtful and helpful even offered us some tea to go when we left. I was in the mood for a salad so I went with bbq chicken salad it was perfectly prepared but it visually it looked amazing, the greens, the red of the tomato so vivid in color, and the best part it tasted great too!I can honestly say that I haven't been to a Claim Jumpers in a few years and I am happy that I did that Sunday afternoon! Great company, great food, excellent service.
5	If you eat dinner late, this is a great place to go. We arrived about an hour before closing and were seated right away. It was nice and quiet, and I'm pretty sure we had our waitress all to ourselves. She was so friendly and took the time to answer our questions about the menu. She smiled and joked around with us like it was the beginning of her shift. I really appreciated her energy and friendliness! She always made sure our drinks were full and the plates were cleared.The food was absolutely delicious, and the portions were HUGE. You get what you pay for! I admit my leftovers were not as good the next day, but what leftovers are?We will definitely be back!
1	I went to dinner with my parents and ordered a steak. Everything was great, but as I cut into my steak I cut into a paper wrapper that was left on? The manager/waiter was nice and brought out a new steak, but by the time it came out we were done with everything else. Basically, it ruined my meal and in return ruined our family dinner. The manager have us a free piece of cake, but really since we had to take the food home and will probably never reheat it the food that was messed up should have been comped. We all agreed that we will not be going here again. If you do go -- do not order a steak!
3	My husband and I have eaten here twice the last 4 years as we live close by but the food isn't worth the price to us.  We're always disappointed the cost and the food was not worth it.  We won't be back.
1	Food prepared wrong. Charged for things that we supposed to be complimentary as per our waitress, including entrees and deserts. Not going back to this place!! Manager said she would fix things but didn't.
1	In the past this was always one of my favorite restaurants.   Not any more.  Took Mom here for a special birthday dinner and was very disappointed.  They have made some changes to the menu, which wasn't too much of a problem but the food quality wasn't what it used to be.  Prices when up, portion sizes when down, which we could overlook if the food was still the same.  The meals don't come with the bread options any more, which is something we always looked forward to.  Instead they give you this tiny loaf of tomato bread with a side of marinara sauce.  The chicken fried steak was way too thick and the breading tough to cut through.  Looks like they stacked both pieces on top of each other and dipped it in the batter.  No flavor at all.  Presentation was also bad.  My plate came with the steak and mashed potatoes and a minuscule amount of gravy.  Very bland looking.  Service was also very slow and drink refills were almost nonexistent.  The only reason I gave them 1 star was because the onion rings were still really good.  Probably won't go back.  Not worth the money.  These changes must have been recent since we were there 2 months ago and it was still the same as it always was.  We must not be the only ones who felt this way since we were there on a Saturday and the place was empty.
5	Delicious food, excellent service & atmosphere!  Yes, you are going to pay a little more than your average restaurant but the food is so much better - it's worth the price!  It's our #1 place to go.  Hubby can get his beef & I can get fish & veggies.  Just signed up for their Landry's Select Club which gives you $25 to spend & you get $25 on your birthday!  If you are concerned about cost, go for lunch instead of dinner.  You get the same great food & we didn't even notice a change in the portion size.  Manager was very friendly too!
2	Claim jumper is alright, their healthy options are not that great.  The chicken pot pie is pretty good if you want your calorie intake in one meal.  Atmosphere is nothing great but and the staff are a little slow although friendly.  They do have happy hour which is a pretty good deal.
1	I did thanksgiving here as I had done for the past several years. Very disappointing. Portions had me wondering if they where just nuking lean cuisine in the back.
3	I would give this place 5 stars if the burgers were fresh. The steaks and salads are to die for! I had a rib-eye med rare it came out... Med rare, thank you guys some place's just do not know temperature on meat. I think the bartenders name was Courtney, very friendly attentive and had full knowledge of the menu. Which by the way is too much. My suggestion is to cut the menu down and have a completely  fresh food menu.
3	Claim jumper did contact me and apologize for the bad night the establishment had and sent me a gift card to make up for it. I thought that this should at least be noted.
4	I usually receive good service at this location. The food is reliably delicious (if you like the type) and it is kept well cleaned.
5	Fantastic discovery! I just moved to Phoenix and didn't eat here for weeks, but what a treat!  I've been several times now and the staff are very friendly and it's just nice to see genuine smiles and service that exceeds expectations.   For a place that has soooo much to choose from, I admit, it amazed me that everything I've gotten thus far was so delicious.. from a simple, basic club sandwhich with a spicy Thai cole slaw, to a ...huh?  Jamaican Jerk Sweet Potato?  Not sure who came up with such an unlikely combination but this thing was absolutely off the chain delicious! Fair to say, that unless you are eating at a truly fancy restaurant with an artistic chef, you are not going to get such a creative combination.  I probably don't even need to mention the desserts.. the chocolate cake "slice" probably weighs in more than most whole cakes, but besides having it to snack on for days, it is one of the very best I have had, and I really love a great quality, moist chocolate cake.  From a basic hearty Chicken Pot pie, to a nice steak, this place is a really great experience, and you won't leave hungry, that's for sure.  Geez, I just talked myself into going again right now after I post this.
