2	Average sushi here, pretty good lunch specials.  Nothing to write home about but if you are hungry and in the area, its a decent meal.  Prices are mid to high for sushi.  Come in, eat, get out...
5	Mr. Sushi has excellent sushi! I have had sushi all the way from virginia to arizona and this place is definitley in my top 4. I love to go there and I am there at least twice a week. The rolls are delicious, fresh and different. The godzilla roll, omg i wish i had one right now. The staff is friendly and service is quick. It is tucked in a little shopping center so it's kind of hard of find, like a treasure well worth looking for.
3	This location has had a couple of different named Japanese restaurants. The current iteration is decent but basically average, nothing remarkable. The Chef is Japanese American, decent skills but pretty quiet.
2	Not too far from my work.  Average sushi with abundant selection of hand rolls.
3	I find the sushi here to be run-of-the-mill.   The I-17/Northern-adjacent strip mall restaurant is kind of quiet and subdued compared to the Scottsdale joints, and I like it that way.  I come here when I want something dependable in the central Phoenix area without driving clear out to Scottsdale.The fish here for the most part is fresh - nothing too creative here, and the interior isn't much to crow about either.   I find the sushi here to be better than Zen 32 (and cheaper), but not quite at the caliber of other standout places in town.P.S.  I find the name a little peculiar.  Mr. Sushi??  I would normally scoff at a place called Senor Taco, Ms. Pasta or Madame Hot Dog.  But for some reason I'm ok with the cheesy name.
3	Mr. Sushi ... The restaurant has change a couple of different owner ever since i land my footstep here in Arizona (since '99).It seems to be a decent place when you have a sudden urge to have sushi. It's also a great place for those out there that want to try sushi for the first time. There are abundant of rolls ...enough to start their own sushi roll wiki and too many for my taste bud. I usually prefer sashimi. The fish quality is pretty good. Most of the dishes is not quite pricey and they have plenty of choices to go around that will feed everyone in the family including the kids. Some of the rolls here is better than Zen 32 in Scottsdale, which is more $$$$.. Anyway it's a different enviroment that cater to different crowds.
1	A friend and I drove over to the other side of town to try Mr. Sushi, per the recommendation of her brother.  We waited twenty minutes for the waiter to come to our table.  Then it took an hour and twenty more minutes to get the food.  By the time the sushi arrived, we were starving.  The presentation was excellent, and I was anticipating some excellent sushi goodness.Wrong.I looked at my friend and said, "this tastes like it came out of the LA River."  She agreed.We paid the bill and left most of the food still on the plates.  It was completely unpalatable.  What a disappointment.
3	I'm fairly new to the world of Sushi, yesterday I came to Mr. Sushi with some coworkers and we ordered a variety of rolls.  I started with my "go to" California rolls, and tried for the first time some Vegas rolls, and some other rolls of which the names escape me right now.  It was all pretty good, I'm sure there is better out there but on this day I left with my Sushi craving satisfied.
5	I have been eating sushi for 10 years and this is the best place in the world.  They are known for their NUMBERS 1-10 (that is an insider's secret) in regards to the spicy factor.  Santos is not to be messed with.  You will often find him snickering at you from behind the sushi bar as sweat pours down your head.  He is a great sushi chef.  And don't let Ashino fool you with his quiet demeanor.  He is actually listening to every single word  you say!  Be careful how much sake you drink or he may just sneak a few drops of "death sauce" into your tuna handroll!  Haha!  yes, Mr. Sushi is the best.  Try "The Karen Roll" or if you are really wanting to make an impression, order the KSARGE roll which is NOT EVEN ON THE MENU!  Better yet, order PIGS IN THE BLANKET (Santos Style!).  Don't worry, he will know what to do!
5	In my quest for new and wonderful places i often forget my old favorites... and i had a harsh reminder of what i have been missing last week.Don't skip Mr Sushi.  I forgot how wonderfully fresh and delicious their sushi is.  I happened to be driving home the other day on a different route and decided to stop. The place is comfortable and i LOVE the bar.  They have tons of paper signs advertising their hottest and newest creations... the sushi staff are friendly and the patrons usually are as well.I had a "bubba gump"  special.... shrimp, wrapped with shrimp and more shrimp...with shrimp on top.  YUM!  The Caterpillar roll is as good as any i have ever had.One bite of the Lobster Tempura roll, and i am hooked again.  The sweet lobster flavor sent my senses off on Mr Sushi addiction.  I'm writing this review at 9 am, because if i was writing it during their working hours... i would probably put my computer away, get in the car and have sushi for breakfast.  It was that good.  seriously.  Now that I think about it, I'm probably going there for lunch.
3	I've been going her off and on for abour 10 years myself, mostly because it's 2 miles from my front door. What can I say? My overall take on this place is it's a bit pricey for what they deliver, the service is mediocre to good, the chefs only semi-helpful. Food quality generally quite good, although I have noted some sloppy preparation lately. I've taken to ordering the catering special Samurai Platter lately to go, 7 rolls for $35. This is probably their best value, but last time the rolls fell apart and the tuna was kind of mushy. Still, they have the best caterpillar roll I've ever had. Guess I'd recommend this one with some cautions.
5	I LOVE IT ,I LOVE IT!  If you want off the wall, weirdly fantastic, never could have dreamed of rolls, this is the place to come. I have never seen rolls as BIG or as tasty. Its a little expensive but you get for what you pay for, the rolls are HUGE. some of my favorite: GODZILLA ROLL, NIXON ROLL, BAKED SCALLOP ROLLStaff is extremely friendly and wonderful. Its always busy, but its worth the wait.
1	Never going back.  When we got there, we were like "wait, is this Mr. Sushi? or Akaihana Sushi?" since the restaurant has both names in front.  When you go in, you see the sushi counter with one Japanese chef and rest, Mexican chefs.  They seated us at the very back corner where it was pretty dark.....it was so dark that we had to squint our eyes to see the menu.  There were screaming kids, squeaking fans all over and waitresses having fun chatting.  The food...omg, it's as bad as Ra.  We ordered combination plate b., i., and "mistake" roll.  Believe me they are all BAD....afterwards, I got a tummy ache......sigh.*Ambiance = dark, low-class*Service = if you like your waitresses having fun chatting about their relationships and stuff, yeah you will like it*Food = .....BAD-beef teriyaki = TOUGH-sashimi = it's interesting how a Japanese person can serve that proudly and call it sashimi.-california roll = we usually do our best to finish the plate but it was just not possible.-tempura = ok overall but they definitely use OLD oil-rice = cheap rice for sure.
5	I love this place.  I know the name "Mr. Sushi" sounds corny and you're thinking I'm not eating sushi in a strip mall but you're just missing out.  These guys make the best sushi in town.  It's always fresh, they have a menu thats like a novel.  I always try a new roll when I go and I never leave disappointed and always bloated.  It's hard to stop when it's this good.  The atmosphere is nothing special but you can tell it's good by the local following and business crowd they attract.  Sit at the bar if available and watch the show.  It may seem out of the way especially for you east siders but round up some friends and make the drive:  Its worth it!!!!!
5	This is one of the best places in the west valley if not the entire valley to get sushi!  They changed the name but the location is the same.  I was looking for sushi on Sherpa and came across this well reviewed place.  Man am I glad!  I had talked a friend into trying sushi one more time (the first time was at a place in Sedona my mistake!).  We ordered the Hollywood roll - SWEET LORD was it good my friend said it was one of the best foods he ever had never mind the sushi part it was just that good.  We also tried the Hannah roll which was very good as well!  Please support this place, so many places are disappearing in Phx due to the economy and its hard enough to find Good food in Phx let alone this great!If you use Sherpa or a I phone ap please review its what helped me find this place!  I usually won't try a unreviewed place as food is usually poor quailty in Phx.
4	Okay Akai Hana or Mr. Sushi? Who gives a crap what the name is, it's not going to stop me from tyring a place because of the name. First thing you should know they have HH EVERYDAY from 4-6pm...om the weekends 3-6. My friend and I checked it out a few months back on a Saturday to see what this place was all about. It was day time, in a strip mall..large windows so I don't know how it could possibly be considered dark if you went in the daytime. Its not a fancy place, it's not a RA or Kyoto..so if you want atmosphere and pretentiousness, yes by all means stay away. For the sushi however...they have the most unique rolls I have encountered thus far in AZ. ex: MEXICAN -   Tuna, cucumber and habanero,topped with masago AUSTRALIAN OUTBACK- Mackerel, tuna,tasmanian abalone, avocado with mango sauce BUTTER ME UP  -Tuna tempura, avocado,seared salmon, topped with garlic wasabi butter TODD (Volcano) 15.00 Baked spicy tuna, cucumber,avocado, with shredded crabstick, sits on top of orange,with special sauce and lit on fire I kid you not.. they have some crazy rolls and we ordered 4.. which included the Butter Me Up listed above. The presentation was phenomenal and so was the food.We did not experience screaming kids or squeaking fans?? Anyway I was so excited by this find that I sent my boss there and he LOVES sushi. It was him, his wife and their 3 kids (who are very well behaved i might ad). They went for the HH and they loved it. They walked out of there spending less than $50 for the 5 of them..That's numerous appetizers and rolls.Seriously you can't beat this place for unique rolls and prices. Who cares where it is or what it's name is. This place was freakin fantastic .
5	AKA Mr. Sushi... that's what one of the signs say on the building. I have gone to sushi fairly regularly for years starting back when I lived in California and I think this is my favorite sushi place in Phoenix because of the selection, quality/freshness of food, happy hour and portion sizes.Standard prices normally, but they have a really good sushi happy hour from 4-6 and the portions are bigger than average.The atmosphere is what I expect from a real Japanese joint that is geared for good food, not fancy advertising or upscale decor. The chef (owner?), most of the employees as well as a good percentage of the patrons speak Japanese so you know it's not a bullshit sushi place.The quality of the fish has always been very good and the selection of items is grand. I especially enjoy the blue fin (aka toro) nigiri; it's probably the best I've had. I have been impressed with everything I have ordered.
4	Last night, I met some friends for all you can eat sushi at Akaihana. It was $24.95 for just about everything on the menu. There were a few items that were not included but believe me, it was only a few. The place was packed as they had been offering this deal all day. It only happens a few times a year, usually around the holidays so you have to be in the know as its not advertised unless you of course frequent this place on a regular. A friend of a friend is a regular customer there so she not only knew all about it, but she even has a roll named after her and they know her by name. (Try the Karen on the menu, its  very good) It took awhile for our rolls to come out as again it was packed and there were only 3 sushi chef working, but once they started rolling out it was all hands on deck. I don't even remember what I ordered anymore because I was greedy and had way more than I should have. (It was all you can eat you know)  But I do know that the rolls were huge and here were plenty of them. If you check out there menu online its only a small snapshot of the actual sushi menu as its pretty extensive. I will be back to check out their happy hour in the near future.
3	I've eaten here on 3 occassions.  The food is great.  It's kind of one of those hole in the wall sushi places that seems a little cluttered and maybe even a little on the dirty side.  It's really not though.  It's been there for a long time, and I think that character shows.  I say give it a shot.  Great prices and nice friendly service.
4	So the place goes by a couple names, Its also known as Mr. Sushi. So when you are trying to find it, just look for the Marie Calendars, turn into that parking lot and then drive straight back to the little hidden strip mall area. The sign on the building says Akaihana, The sign on the window says Mr. Sushi....A bit confusing. We got there at about 6pm last night. There were a few tables seated but it was pretty dead. We got seated right away and placed a drink order. They have a pretty large menu and offer a TON of sushi. We placed our order and had everything in about 20 minute. Pretty fast. Now, Like I said in my Roka Akor review...I am not a sushi girl, AT ALL. So I ordered the vegetable tempura dinner. It was tasty. I did sneak a couple pieces of sushi to see if I liked it. The soft shell crab roll was gross. I was not a fan, it had a real fishy flavor to it. ACK! On the other hand, the tempura fried shrimp roll was YUMMO! I did not eat the other stuff, there was a spicy tuna roll and some other something that the hubs ordered. By the time we left (8pm) the place had filled up. It looked like there was only one waitress, but she was running her ass off and doing a good job at keeping everyone happy. I would go back here if someone said they wanted to go, but its not on my list of must go to places. Give it a try.
1	I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch. If that wasn't enough to stop making you eat here... I'll list some more reasons-Agadashi tofu was more like watered down teriyaki sauce with a side of tofu mush.Tempura with no tempura sauce, and it tasted old.Waitress dropped an entire tray of ice water on my mom and didn't even apologize.The best part was the table behind us with young children screaming... while the parentals were sake bombing like 18 year olds.Clearly... a classy place if you ask me.BTW, if you honestly give this place more than 3 stars, I really question your taste palate.
1	Apparently there are 2 names to this place. Clearly the marketing in that was well thought out....  re-posting what I already wrote---I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch. If that wasn't enough to stop making you eat here... I'll list some more reasons-Agadashi tofu was more like watered down teriyaki sauce with a side of tofu mush.Tempura with no tempura sauce, and it tasted old.Waitress dropped an entire tray of ice water on my mom and didn't even apologize.The best part was the table behind us with young children screaming... while the parentals were sake bombing like 18 year olds.Clearly... a classy place if you ask me.BTW, if you honestly give this place more than 3 stars, I really question your taste palate.
3	Good place for the west side.. Nestled inside the chasm of a very non descript strip mall off the beaten sunny slope path on Northern and the 17 Freeway.. I looked to it as a hidden sushi island .. hidden away from the world for me to discover... So I discovered.. and here is my report..O.k. happy hour.. A couple of names Mr Sushi or Akaihana which I think means "red flower". Reading other peoples reviews going back I guess it has had a few names? ..Anyway ..Its a good lunch and quick drink place. not much else I am pretty certain of.I have eaten here twice now and I am glad I did before reviewing it. tonight's subsequent visit has served as a more complete look at the place.The first time I ate there I ended up sitting next to the owner by total coincidence. It was he who guided me to the specialty hand rolls. I had the lobster the butter me up and a few others that he recommended. I would give that experience 4 stars.This time however... unfortunately for me was not quite the experience of the previous one :{The happy hour was crowded Tonight so it took a while to get any service.. I sat there for a good 10 min before getting my beer. Whatever it was busy..but I had to wait 5 min for them to even look at me when I walked in the door. Sorta annoying..The fish was not that fresh and I guess I would expect it to be on a Friday? I had just a simple dragon roll and the thing fell apart trying to eat it. The squid salad was o.k... All for about 20$ with a sake bomber The experience was a 2 star one..I gotta give them credit that some of the special rolls are pretty tasty.The rest was just average .. and the service this time was pretty painful.Everyone I have ever talked to in the place has told me it was their favorite..There seems to be good local following... and the place was packed for the new happy hour, so maybe I just got the "raw" end of the deal this time?..You will want this place to go if your in the neighborhood and certainly go to it for the rolls to at least try em,, but my Yelp app will be primed for a new place the next time I am on the west side.
4	Mmmmmmr. Sushi! This was the place I lost my sushi virginity to, and the place responsible to getting me hooked! I love the location, right off of the freeway, as if it were a sushi pit stop! The best part of this place is it's very low key and casual. A comforting place to pig out on sushi. The sushi is very authentic which is rare in an over-sushied city. Each roll is beyond delicious and made to perfection. This place is underrated. Grade A rolls at a low key location? Awesome!! The service is also very speedy, hooray! This is a perfect place for a quick lunch. I'm still a huge Mr. Sushi fan after so many years. Four stars!
4	So this place has the best sushi in Phoenix hands down. They have some exotic rolls on the menu, and this place makes a big roll. I had the surf & turf roll and it was Freakin YUM! Surf & Turf roll has tempura shrimp, crab salad mix, cucumber, asparagus, and topped with lightly seared beef. This roll has the most flavor in roll I have ever had, it was smokey and delicious. Also it has a sauce on the plate which I think is simply mayo and sriracha sauce. I love sriracha sauce. The lunch special for $9 is a great deal. Comes with soup salad a roll or small entree. Inside it is very plain. Customers can create there own roll and if its good they will put it on the wall. We also got the tempura veggies, very good. Its hard to mess that up, you could put tempura on anything and it would be good. This place is kinda hidden back off the main street in a little business area. Not a place with atmosphere but a place with excellent sushi! Im so happy I live so close to this place I will be here often. They have happy hour specials everyday including weekends. At lunch the rolls are sold ( not the exotic rolls) at happy hour prices as well. GO HERE, you will not be disapointed at all. Huge rolls, good HH prices, and the for me the best sushi I have had.
4	Another great meal at Akaihana. This time I had the Golden Gate Bridge roll (see pic). This was delicious. Its tempura shrimp with cream cheese, scallions, a spicy mix I cant remember the name of, and then topped with yellow tail a slice of jalapeno, and sriracha sauce. Its soooo good. I know some people dont like cream cheese in there rolls I happen to like it a lot, but there are some of the best exotic rolls on the menu I have ever seen. Also I tried the jalapeno poppers to. Not your average poppper but realy good. They came with a smokey sauce and were good for $3.50. HH prices at lunch.  Check this place out! Killer bannana dessert!!!
3	Boy, the reviews are all over the place for this one!  I can only comment on my experience which was pleasant.  I had the lunch special and it was fresh and tasty.  I like the place and will probably go back.  We sat at the sushi bar and the chef knew my friend who I was eating lunch with.  He even had a special roll for her as she frequents Akaihana.  It was all good.
1	After having our first date at Akai Hana Sushi we were amazingly pleased with our service and the quality of our food.  Being creatures of habit we chose to revisit the restaurant for our Anniversary yesterday and the service was much less than what we had come to expect from Akai Hana.  Our server, Kevin, was polite and forgot to bring us plates, napkins and our drink refills.  After canceling our second round of beverages we left.  I attempted to call and speak with a manager or owner and was hung up on.  I am sad to say that we will not be revisiting the location of our FIRST DATE and truly hope they can work out the details to make their restaurant as good as it was before.
5	I love love love Mr. Sushi. I'm all about sushi, and make it at home quite often. I'd venture to say Mr. Sushi has some of the best sushi in Phoenix. It's cheap, while the service kinda sucks sometimes, it's worth the price. Try one of their MANY unique rolls. I love the baked scallop roll, the Tokyo, and the Las Vegas. Mmm!
5	I work nearby and eat lunch here on a semi-weekly basis. For the price the sushi is quite good. They have a "happy hour" menu for lunch with great prices on good rolls. Their specialty rolls are excellent and have some interesting combinations.The building Mr. Sushi is in screams "hole in the wall" but don't be put off by it.Service speed can be a bit spotty when it is busy but the wait is worth it in my opinion.
3	We've been going to Mr. Sushi for about 15 years and we have loved it and recommended it for all those years.  However I'm ready to move my sushi loyalty if I can find the right place.  Mr. Sushi's food is still great and the prices are OK but the experience has taken a nose dive because we can never get a seat at the sushi bar anymore.  They have dedicated half of the sushi bar to a waitress service area and they never seat people efficiently at the sushi bar so our party of three is always bumped to a table even if three different chairs spread out across the bar are open.  We lose the conversation with the sushi chef, the conversation with other sushi lovers, the motivation to try new sushi and fast service.  They need to get their 'sushi' together before they lose long time customers like us.
3	Good relatively cheap sushi, although all of the sushi has the same crab salad filling. It's not the highest quality but good. Got the fried cali rolls and they were a decent 8 ish rolls for 6 bucks.  Can't complain for the price.3 stars only because the filling is literally the same for everything and it all kind of tastes the same.  But it's cheap and easy so I would still recommend it.
3	Mr. Sushi has a awesome happy hour. Service is always mediocre to sub par... So sit at the bar vs a table. Good rolls.. Interesting rolls... Not great rolls...good prices..and friendly staff behind the sushi bar..
5	Try the soft-shell crab roll. Great sushi and Japanese food at affordable prices.
5	I ordered the following rolls: rainbow, island, cucumber, and special salmon. The island roll was my favorite, but they were all phenomenal. I eat a lot of sushi...in a lot of different cities across the US...this place was among the best. The exterior may make you skeptical, but the sushi is great! I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Been there lots of times!  It's alright for what it is.  Imitaion crab filling for many of the recipes.  Atmosphere is fine - no music, just sports on a TV - not my thing.09-.  Always friendly.  Clean enough.  Fish  is fresh enough.  Generous enough.  Price is alright.  Never bad, just never outstanding.  Glad they are here because NOTHING in this area is acceptable, especially Koi.
4	I've been going to Mr Sushi for the past 5 yrs. They are actually open for lunch on Saturdays. They have the best lunch specials and my favorite rolls i order are the Mexican and New York roll. Love their salad dressing and all the different appetizers. The only complaint i have about this place is that sometimes they will have a all you can eat night and of course on those nights the place gets packed. They do not seem to have enough staff to accommodate such a large number of customers on those nights. They need better planning on those nights. We must have waited at least 30 minutes just to order.
1	I read continuous reviews on Mr. Sushi and couldn't wait to try it out. When we got there.....the place had a different name, guess it changed management. I wasn't too sure what to expect but I can honestly say I was not impressed. The place was dirty, our table was dirty...and the food was nothing to rave about. Won't visit that place again.
4	Came here one evening - accidentally during happy hour - to satisfy a massive sushi craving and was not disappointed! I moved back to Phoenix after a year long stay in Los Angeles (and after finding the best sushi restaurant ever; Toshi Sushi in Silverlake), I was very wary of the sushi here. I tried Ra over in Tempe and thought it was only okay. And, not wanting to drive all the way across the valley for only decent sushi, looked for places closer to the western part of town. Service was nothing exceptional or memorable, waitress was sweet though. I think next time we'll try sitting at the bar. We ordered quite a variety, most notably the spicy tuna rolls (amaaazing), and a few specialty ones that I can't remember. Definitely good enough to come back, especially with happy hour prices! It's a little bit hard to find and a little far away from me, but worth it in the end! I'd definitely recommend it.
2	This place was recommended by 2 friends when it was called Mr. Sushi.  My wife and I met up with another couple here for dinner this week.  When we walked in, the person working the host/hostess booth asked one of the server's to seat us and she responded with attitude.  This pretty much set the tone for the rest of the evening.1.  Wife's beverage didn't make it out until after 20 minutes of being seated and after 3 requests.2.  It was hit or miss with some of the rolls we ordered.  The California Roll fell apart when trying to eat it with chop sticks.  The crab mix tasted off.3.  Server didn't clear the table and we sat with finished plates cluttering our table until we paid our bill.4.  One of our rolls was forgotten about and was brought out to us when everyone finished their sushi and entrees.Some positives of Akaihana is that the quantity of sushi was plentiful and the price was very reasonable.  Some of the other staff seemed friendly but unfortunately we drew the short straw.My wife doesn't want to have anything to do with the place but I'm willing to give it another shot sometime down the road.
4	Came here when it was called Mr. Sushi.  Freshest fish in the valley, LOVE IT.  the rolls are all amazing and the chef specials are usually very creative and yummy.  My favorite is the Sunshine Roll! :)
4	Food was awesome!  Prices were even better,.  Salmon skin roll was the best I've had.  Wait staff SUCKS!  Cute college girls that are DUMB!  Don't bother asking any questions.  When I go back, I'll sit at the sushi bar!!  The place is small and quaint.  Clean..  I saw a couple get up and leave due to no service.
3	Price was great! Took a friend to lunch. He is a regular there... I'll try it again, but I wasn't wowed by the flavor. I got the lunch box (bento). presentation was nice. food wasn't bad, just wasn't my favorite. Next time I'll order something different.
3	Good Sushi place, actually one of my favorite places to eat sushi because it's convenient located off I17 and Northern close to home.  The service is always good and the food always fresh.
4	Our favorite sushi place.  Large, creative sushi menu & complete dinners.  Attractive atmosphere w/ Japanese art & artistically drawn menu ads on the walls.  We've always had good service.
5	I was recently in Phoenix on business and tried Akia Hana.  They have a huge variety of custom rolls and their happy hour deals are great.  I ended up eating there several times during my trip and if I return to Phoenix, I will be back.  The staff is cheerful, the bar is clean and my food was fantastic.
4	I love this place! I found out about  this place from a friend and cant stop going! The cucumber salad is so delicious and i cant find it anywhere else. They have all sorts of yummy rolls:) My personal favorite is the Crazy roll and the Forrest Gump roll.
5	Pricey sushi but its WORTH IT. Normally when I want a quick fix I hit up cheaper places but when I'm in the mood for great sushi with a friend, I go to Akaihana.
4	I've been going to this place for years. I actually went on my first date with my current partner here. It's a bit nostalgic for me.The happy hour is great! They make a TON of different rolls and they do them well and the fish is very fresh. The chef is excellent and friendly.The Vegas roll is unlike any Vegas roll you've had before. Give it a try.The Mexican roll....holy smokes! I swear they put a whole habanero into it. I thought I was going to die! Be careful with this one...I've never had anything but the sushi in here so I cannot comment on anything else.Give it a try and make sure you get a lot!Oh, and try the lobster or scallop dynamite....it is DYNAMITE!!!
5	Some friends took me here recently and I couldn't thank them enough. We got their right when it opened and had an attentive server who checked up on us after every dish was brought out. We spent a lot of time deciding what to order and ended up ordering more. Now, even with the awesome deals for happy hour, we still spent quite a lot for four people. Definitely some of the best authentic sushi in the area with a peaceful atmosphere that you can really enjoy with some great friends.
4	Awesome sushi selection and sushi for sure!!!  Happy hour even better, and they have happy hour on weekends as well!  Service sucks, so dont go there super hungry, order appy as soon as you sit down.  But so worth the wait.
5	Also and formerly known as "Mr. Sushi."  This is the first place I ever tried real "raw" sushi.  I was probably about 13 years old when my parents introduced me to Mr. Sushi and I had only ever tried a california roll before.  Well Akai Hana opened my mind to so many other varities of sushi.  I fell in love with tuna :) They also serve hot dishes and bento boxes. Very authentic with a variety of seafood, good prices and happy hour all of the time until 5pm and after 8pm-9/10pm depending on the day of the week.  My favorite happy hour rolls are the blue flame, spicy tuna hand roll, and the tuna roll.This is probably my favorite sushi place of all time.  My family and I have spent almost every birthday here since I we have been coming here together for about 15 years.  On birthdays the sushi chefs will  make a special roll for you or bring out green tea ice cream with a candle in it and take a couple of polaroid pix for their wall and one for you to take home.  You can also call and request there special room for a more intimate time with a larger party of people.I highly recommend giving this place a shot-you will have a great experience from the moment you walk in when the sushi chefs personally greet to the moment you leave with a belly full of sushi :)
4	Pretty amazing sushi experience! The lobster (dynamite or not) is to die for, the Crazy roll is just as good. And their Las Vegas roll is unlike any I ever taste, its spicy jalapenos, spicy sauce, Verde sauce and all. Ive been craving their delicious goodness since I had it a few days ago. The staff caters to your every need and are as friendly as could be, the patrons that hangout here are equally as friendly. Overall the best experience Ive had in a while, though my heart will always be with Sakana (Ahwatukee).
4	Came as part of a big group, don't think one server was quite enough but she was a trooper. Food came out way quicker than I thought it would and was not too shabby, perhaps a little pricey for what we got but not that big of a deterrent. The Mexican Roll is a slice of Hell in your mouth (not necessarily a bad thing) and honestly, their Baked Scallop/Dynamite/'whatever it's called in your neck of the woods' Roll is the best one I've EVER had. Very generous with the scallops and surimi and the roll still didn't disintegrate under the weight of the baked goodness. The GF wasn't a fan but we will try it again for happy hour, minus the large group.
5	The far best delicious sushi happy hour ever! Amazing place! I try to come here about once a week after I workout, its because you know...I gotta grow! But seriously amazing happy hour! I was there last night with a buddy and they got a picture of me because its was my birthday! So look for my picture on the wall! I got a special place on the wall ;)
4	I first tried Akaihana for a friend's birthday. There must have been 20 of us, and the service was still pretty good. So was the sushi! I tried the rainbow roll, and a philly roll and I knew I had to come back.So a couple weeks later, I brought the bf and we went for happy hour, and yes, it was. We tried a few rolls, miso soup, squid salad, and the green tea blended drink! Mmm mm! Also mochi. We will be going back soon.  Inside is not very fancy, but who cares? It's a great neighborhood sushi restaurant.
4	I was very pleased with their service, so friendly and absolutely pleased to find such a wide creative variety of rolls they made.  The list was very long and took me a while to decide what to get.  Having tried 3: the Manhattan roll, Aloha roll, and Alaskan roll all were pretty good not one was a disappointment, although its hard to mess up sushi, I've had pretty boring flavorless ones before but theirs was far from it.My sister also ordered an entree and her portion was huge, they definitely weren't stingy. You would definitely be full if you ordered their dinner entrees. This place is definitely worth a try!
5	Been eating there for many years and it is always fabulous. Highly recommend.
3	I have now eaten here at least 10 times, and I'll say the sushi is great every time, but the service is a little hit or miss.Me, my bf, and his friend came during happy hour today around 5:25pm and no one came to take our drink order, but the hostess noticed it had been about 5 minutes and she did offer to get our drinks.However, oddly, the green tea was quite watered down. We mentioned so and were brough fresh green teas, which were much better.When our server took our order, he was definitely in a hurry. He never brought us plates, accidentally put our sriracha sauce at the table behind us, and actually set his tray down on our table with our soups and teriyaki chicken, and walked away for us to serve ourselves. A different server gal noticed and came to retrieve the tray. As for the rolls, tasty as usual. We shared the Tootsie roll (cooked salmon and crab), Kodiak roll (cooked salmon and avocado), fried California roll, and Blue Flame roll (crab salad and crab stick with avocado, deep fried). They were all very good, but the deep fried rolls were a little over cooked. This is the first time we've had an experience this much less stellar than other visits, but overall, we still had a tasty dinner, and for 4 rolls, 2 green teas, 3 miso soups, 1 rice, squid salad, and chicken teriyaki (one of the best!), the total was $38. Can't really complain there. We'll definitely be back again soon, maybe a little earlier next time.
5	The best sushi in the planet it's so awesome you will never be disappointed it gets crowded on the weekends and especially during happy hour they have a extremely large fan based and once you eat there you will know why. My sushi chef is the older mature asian male he is the most seasoned chef. Sit at the bar and get faster service it's cozy but a little cramped.
5	We absolutely love this place! It's pretty much the best sushi to us! We've been going there for 8 years or so now and have never been disappointed in the sushi!We live a lot further away now but still make it a point to get take out from our favorite sushi place!It is also the only Sushi place in our area that we know of that makes all your rolls with amazingly light and totally perfect brown rice if you ask them! And their Japanese Dynamite Salad is out of this world!!The prices are very reasonable too!This place does have one drawback however. Whenever we eat in, service tends to be quite slow - often times painfully slow, even though always very friendly! I don't think we've ever been quickly in and out and always had to wait quite a long time for our order to make it to the table.We generally call ahead with a take out order and just pick it up though, as that works better for us anyway, so it's not much of a problem for us. But as a dining in experience it might be a little more challenging!
3	The service is slooowwwww. The food is great.
5	very good udon noodles
4	Went here for lunch and was good.  Sushi special for $9 included 2 classics, the spicy tuna roll and california roll, plus Tuna, Salmon, White fish and Crab.  Miso Soup and Salad too.  Yes, it was a lot for a lunch!I will be back again to enjoy lunch and try their other varieties.  Would recommend this spot for anyone looking to try sushi or the savvy sushi buyer.  Nice setting and friendly service.
4	Sushi is fresh and tasty.  Late night happy hour is my favorite time to go.  Great prices and friendly service. Sometimes the service can be a bit slow.  On one visit with a large group of friends we were placed in the small sectioned-off "private" area.  I felt completely abandoned.  The server (male) would FLY in, drop food on the table and FLY out again.  I was REALLY needing a refill on my beverage and missed his "fly-by" at least 3 times...finally, I decided to coordinate my entire party in "grabbing" his attention in order to request the desired refills.  Whew!  Other than that, the food is great!
2	It is clear that this restaurant knows nothing about service.   The young servers just stand and gossip while their tables, presumably, rot.  You sit at the sushi bar and they bring you your menu, bring you ONE drink and disappear for the rest of the night-no plate pick-up or drink reorders. As for the chefs, one is good, but the others are so SLOW at making their rolls.  They need to learn to alternate between sushi bar customers so everyone has at least one roll to eat while they begin at the top again...you know? At present, it is often that each whole party gets All of their rolls before another party gets even one. So if all the seats are taken at the bar, at least one set of guests won't get one morsel for a half-hour. And then you will get all of it at once. If service is important, forget this restaurant.  But the food is delicious, so it has to be braved once in a while.
3	Six Shooter Roll & Jericho the great roll - It was good and cheap, but not as fresh as it use to be. To me the key to great sushi is really fresh fish.
4	This goes on my list for every trip back to Phoenix. They have some unique items you don't see everyday and plenty of fish options to try. Overall they are friendly and the food is really good. Can't really think of any negatives.
4	Took a date here on a Saturday afternoon. Really nice down-to-earth place with a friendly staff and warm environment. The sushi rolls were BIG, and definitely worth the price. I think they also had happy hour on Saturday as well, since I remember ordering a big beer to go with my sushi.Definitely would come back here again. I'm not sure how service will be when it's packed, but we were served relatively quickly for our orders.
4	Happy Hour menu did not have a huge selection but the sushi was delicious and good service!
4	Tried a new place. The prices were nice and the sushi was amazing! We ordered the California roll, the California Crunch roll and the Asparagus roll. Tried all 3 and have to say the crunch roll was the best. I cannot have cucumber so they were very nice about my special order. No dirty looks like I usually get. The asparagus roll was ok....wish it had more to it then just asparagus...like tempura or some cream cheese, but it still was well made. Will be here again.
5	Best Sushi. For people who like to eat real sushi. Down to earth good food. Not pretentious like other sushi places that offer a 'scene'. Now with Takoyaki!
2	I totally don't understand why this place could get more than 3 stars. This place was a total disappointment for me and my husband.We eat sushi very often. I'm from Japan so I know real good sushi and tend to look for that quality. I also know in Phoenix, it's hard to find 'fresh' fish. But still this place is a total disappointment.First, it seems like they forgot to season sushi rice. Totally no taste at all which is very odd. For rolls with lots of other stuff and sauce, it could be acceptable but for nigiri with raw fish, it tasted weird. The fish was not fresh at all and we started worrying about getting food poisoning.Second, we ordered takoyaki (octopus balls) which were deep fried. Takoyaki is a very famous and popular local food in Osaka (where I'm from) so I know what real takoyaki is. I've never seen deep fried takoyaki but can accept it if it's good but they were too oily.And the service was below average too. The waitress did not repeat our order and she forgot one of the items we ordered.. The appetizer came fast but after that we waited 20-30mins. They were friendly, though. They seem to have many kinds of rolls so if you like rolls and they don't forget to season the rice or you don't mind plain rice, you still could enjoy this place. But the overall quality of the food is low especially compared with other Japanese restaurants like Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe, Shimogamo, etc. I don't see any point to go back to this restaurant.
5	Loved it!!!!!
5	Ended up stopping here on our way home from Glumdale. Just happened to see it while passing by and I'm glad we did! Even though it was just 11:30, as we approached, we noticed it was already getting busy. That's a good sign in my book. Interior is nothing fancy, just functional. Staff was friendly, fast and efficient in every way. My son had the Udon and sashimi and I opted for the tempura lunch special and Nigiri. Couldn't be more pleased with our meal. Prices were reasonable, sushi and Nigiri were fresh and not a problem did we encounter. We will be back! Thanks Guys!
4	Really enjoyed the Sushi here. Went for happy hour. Spicy Tuna Roll, California Roll and the Fried Salmon Roll my favorites
3	Odd location with good food. Pretty much in an empty shopping mall next to I-17. We had a mix of rolls and nigiri.Albacore: large pieces and freshSalmon: large pieces and freshTodd Roll: a large amount of spicy tuna on top of a tempura eggpant chip. Quite tasty, but quite a bit of tuna on top. Lobster Tempura Roll: good sized pieces of lobster. The whole thing is deep fried. Perhaps not your thingSpicy Yellowtail Roll: a subtle sweetness to it. Definitely worth an orderN*Joy
2	Seriously!?  I, for the life of me, cannot figure out why this place is rated so high.  AND.  Reviews actually say the best around?  Then you don't get out much.  Listen.  It isn't horrible.  But it is certainly the Denny's of sushi joints.  Service was friendly.  Sesame seaweed was a perk because no one seems to serve it anymore.  Veggie tempura was dripping grease.  And.  There are five thousand different sushi rolls that all sound and taste the same!  We had soft shell crab roll, shrimp with eel, and spicy tuna with cilantro.  The cilantro was a GREAT addition, but the tuna was fishy and strangely colored.  Soft shell crab wasn't terrible, shrimp and eel was really fishy.  I do not believe the Rolls were rolled correctly as they just fell apart. I'm sorry, but I was unimpressed, and we won't be returning.  Again, super friendly people, and neighborhood joint atmosphere cannot make up for food, in my opinion.
1	I love good sushi, and what I got last night was not good sushi.There are some things that I get, or try to get, every time I go for sushi: tamago (not always available), smoked salmon nigiri, and Philly rolls.  Add edamame for an appetizer and I'm pretty happy.  Eel sauce in a ramekin is always a good thing for dipping.  Last night was a great disappointment.Let's address the specifics of what I ordered.  First, the salmon nigiri was mis-cut.  It should be cut with the grain/fat strands at a right angle to the length of the fillet, so that you can easily bite through it.  It was not, so each bite required additional work to separate the piece you just bit from the remainder.  The flavor of the salmon was marginal, I don't know if it wasn't smoked just right or what.  I don't think the fish was bad in that it didn't smell, but the flavor just wasn't right.Philly rolls.  I realize this is 'white man's sushi', but I like it.  I have never been known to leave any sushi standing when I finish my meal, even at a joint in Dallas where I left a scathing review, and yet I left half my Philly rolls un-et.  Numerous problems presented themselves, starting with the rolls were not tight, resulting in them falling apart when picked up.  I'm not sure how to express what was wrong with the cucumber, I think it boils down to it was mushy, not crisp.  Maybe it wasn't cold when cut or they chose the wrong area to cut from?  The flavor was unexceptional, I expect a crisp bite with a punch of the cream cheese, a crisp crunch of the cucumber, and the subtle flavors of the smoked salmon.  This roll had none of that, and thus half of it was left behind.I will complement them on the tamago, though it was not listed on the menu as such.  This is the first time that I've seen it listed on the menu as 'Sweet Egg', which it is, but if I don't see it under tamago, I assume it isn't there.  But I asked for it, and I got it.  And it was good.  At least this one thing was done well, though it would have held together better if they'd used longer seaweed cuts to wrap the band around it to attach it to the rice puck.  The salmon nigiri, likewise, was not directly on the menu.  I asked for it and got it, but as I said, it was disappointing.The edamame was decent, but unremarkable.  They didn't strike me as freshly steamed/hot, possibly they'd been sitting waiting for the waitress.  They also offer 'garlic edamame', I'm not sure what the difference is but it might simply be using garlic salt instead of regular, and it really didn't do anything to enhance the flavor.  Speaking of enhancing flavor, the eel sauce was also disappointing.  I'm not sure what it was, but the flavor just did not appeal.We ordered two other rolls there.  One was a crab roll, not a crab salad roll as my companion has a mayonnaise sensitivity, and it was good.  We both liked it.  Pleasant flavors, quite yummy.  The other roll, whose name I do not recall nor do I want to, had an off-putting aroma and the flavor did nothing to overcome that.  A couple pieces of that were also left behind.And glancing at Meg's review in the sidebar, I think there might also be a seasoning problem with the sushi rice.  I'm not entirely certain on that one, but that could explain why many of the flavors were just not quite right.In the end, a bad evening at a restaurant that will not see us again.  This was also a scouting mission for places to frequent in the future since our favorite sushi place closed down, but this is not a place to which I will be returning.  It is possible that they had their 'B Team' working last night, but my companion and I agreed that one star is all they deserved and we won't be back.One final comment.  I notice that their ratings have been steadily trending down over the last couple of months.  It seems to me that something has happened here and I hope their decline is temporary for their sake.
5	Best in Phoenix and it's not even close.  Location leaves a bit to be desired but the food is always excellent, variety unmatched.
5	I am very picky when it comes to sushi and japanese cuisine. I have found one of the best sushi chefs in Phoenix. Sean, Tom, and the other sushi chefs really know how to be creative and provide great fresh sushi rolls. I see so many regulars talking to the chefs and saying that they will be back tomorrow. You gotta try their spicy japanese dynamite salad, ceviche salad and their creative rolls. You will not get enough of this goodness, I am from the islands and I know good fish/sushi!
5	Okay, I LOVE this sushi restaurant. The number of rolls were awesome, the food was fresh and well made when it came out. They had TORO (fatty tuna) at a GREAT price. ::Sigh:: Memories.I will say we ended up going for a Saturday evening and it seems our waitress forgot about us, because another one had to come take care of us the rest of the night, even though the other waitress was still there?  Normally I would have knocked it down to a four star, but the Toro was so clean and at such a good price, I had some spine tingling moments with my favorite food of all time. Please work on the service (I know it's a busy night but you should know that going in), but Chef's keep up the amazingness. : )
4	Reasonable prices, tasty food, friendly service, and near my house.  Can't ask for more than that, really.  Lots of variety, both dining room seating and bar seating (where you can watch the guys make your sushi up close) and great lunch and happy hour specials.Just go and see for yourself.
5	This place is awesome!!!  The selection of different sushi rolls is ridiculous. There are three menus and more types posted on all the walls. Waaaaay to many to try in one visit. Plus, they have a half price HAPPY HOUR!!!!
4	Sushi is my favorite food, needless to say I drove all the way from Scottsdale to eat at Akihana. In comparison to the other sushi places I've been to, the prices cannot be beat! We ordered about 8 rolls that day, most on their specialty menu, and I have to say they were quite delicious! Creative too! Their presentation is quite unique! They turn some of the rolls into little character (such as the caterpillar roll). My favorite thing about this place is that they are not cheap when rolling their rolls! They come packed with fish and goodies and are a more than average size, which is GREAT for the already cheap price you pay and, of course, for your belly! You can never leave this place hungry!The location is a bit sketchy, the customer service is good but not great or excellent, and the place inside isn't all that great, but I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this place to anyone! Very tasty and your wallet will love it!
4	Good food reasonably priced.  Informal atmosphere. I go regularly.
5	This place has amazing Sushi, the owner is funny as $hi+ and always welcomes us. Happened to come here on a friends recommendation, Mr.Sushi roll is off the charts.
3	Good happy hour but I'd rather pay more for fresh sushi. Mediocre at most. Edamame was soggy, rolls poorly made, ingredients were not fresh, and service was nothing special.
5	After getting into a discussion with a coworker about the merits of spending large amounts of money on single Japanese dinners, a craving for sushi set in.  I didn't think there were any good sushi bars nearby work, but considering we were just having lunch, I was OK with average sushi for this occasion.  The reviews for this place were middling, but the photos painted a different picture, so we gave it a shot.We rolled up to the place, and found an empty business park, except for this one restaurant set back from the main road.  Definitely a hole-in-the-wall, and not a location the hipsters and yuppies will be flocking anytime soon.We sat down at the bar, and noticed a wall plastered with different specials.  Some rolls, some not rolls, some frog legs, some soups, etc.  A complete olio of handwritten dishes, some of which may have been up there for ages for all I could tell.I ordered an assortment of sushi, the grilled hamachi kama, the ankimo (any place that serves ankimo is automatically above average), a bluefin toro hand roll (not on the menu, but I asked the chef to make me one), and an uni shooter.As the sushi arrived, it became clear to me that the chef actually knew what he was doing.  He was an older Japanese gentleman with a hard-to-decipher accent, and clearly he was trained in the art of traditional sushi.  The sushi was properly garnished such that I didn't have to use soy sauce on but one or two items, the rice properly melted in my mouth, and the meal was properly paced.Those who prefer their sushi Americanized and doused in wasabi may not find this place to be anything special, due to its lack of "scene."  But as a fan of traditional sushi, I would say this is one of the top three places I have found in the Phoenix area. And to think I had worked less than a mile away for nine months without knowing about it!
4	Hidden gem - tucked away in a non descript strip shopping center, I almost missed it!  I'm glad I didn't - freshly made, great service, and reasonably priced.  Huge selection of sushi - you won't be disappointed!
5	Fresh sushi thats affordable for many who can't eat sushi! I just love how there are real japanese chefs! For tuna lovers try their spicy tuna crackers, six shooter, and karpaccho! I definitely love their spicy tuna crackers! Their menu is huge and lots of variety to pick from compared to other places as well.
4	Probably my favorite sushi joint ever (so far)!  Do yourself a favor and get the Paul Roll...there is nothing like it.  The Surf 'n Turf roll is also worth checking out, and the Shiitake Tempura is pretty darn amazing.  I've never had anything bad here, except the Miso soup...not a fan.  Other than that, great place.  Lunch time gets busy, so either get there at 11:30 or get there at 1:00.  Anytime in between is going to be packed and they will be slower in serving you.  If you are in the area, I highly recommend this place!
5	I love sushi, I love local, and I love Happy Hours. Akaihana satisfies all three and I'm there at least once a month. The happy hour menu is excellent and gives you a wide variety of things to order, from Miso Soup or Cucumber Salad for appetizer to sushi and even Saki. You definitely can fill up on tons of Akaihana goodness on a small budget when you go during happy hour. They make delicious Jalapeno Poppers and I order them every time I'm there. My roll favorites are Tootsi and Rainbow. The bar area is relatively small, but the table area is definitely spacious. Servers are always friendly and I have had consistently good service there.
5	Love this place! My boyfriend has been coming here since he was a kid and now he has me hooked. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Great staff. Great service. Amazing sushi!
5	I've been to many sushi places over the years but akai Hana is by far the best in the valley. Their sushi is always fresh and have the best happy hour with the most friendly staff. Thanks Sean for always making our visit a great one!!
5	Always innovative. Always fresh.  great for the first time experience. They love to educate you about sushi.
5	My daughter's friends have been raving about this place and I have been meaning to check it out, but I first started eating sushi here in Phoenix at Takamatsu, so I was kind of a snob.  Let me tell you, I am no longer snobbish!  We went for HH and since I had a large lunch, I wasn't too terribly hungry.  I decided to try their Pacific Oysters (@ 3 for $6.00) pretty good deal.  I had only been used to East Coast Oysters so I had nothing to compare to.  If you are used to East Coast Oysters, go to Akaihana anytime and try their Pacific Oysters.  Beware though, 1 oyster is as big as your face!!!  Definitely worth the 3 for $6.00. Each oyster was crisp, clean and meaty!  Very sweet and the mignionette sauce was divine!!!  I ordered a 1/2 dozen, which was by far too much, but I happily ate them anyway and just didn't have to have dinner.  The sake bomber price was ok but at Stingray Sushi it is cheaper (by $2.00).  I am going to go back  and try their sushi during happy hour and hope to come away pleasantly surprised!!!
5	Great sushi! Great happy hour! Fast service even when busy! Ask for there white sesame salad dressing to dip your sushi in! Hooked! Love this place :) only thing is it gets a little loud when it's a little busy but it's worth it. For the 4pm-close happy hour it's a great time to try new rolls, huge menu!
5	Found this place on Yelp. This place has delicious sushi.  The rolls and hand rolls are a really good size.  I liked the salmon, albacore and octopus, which I always get. Also the spicy tuna and salmon skin hand rolls were very good.  I did order the Baja roll but found out that I don't like garlic ponzu sauce. If you are a cheesecake lover I HIGHLY recommend having their deep fried cheesecake. I had never had cheesecake like that. It was Awesome!!!! I will definitely go back! Love!!!
5	Not only a great sushi but awesome prices for happy hour. Sunday and Monday they have a reverse happy hour from 8 till close.
5	Finding a great sushi place in the neighborhood with an amazing happy hour, is like striking gold!!! Love this little place. Its nothing fancy but its everything you could want in a local sushi location. Awesome happy hour with $1 miso soup, and good service. I've been coming here for years and I love taking my friends and family. Never a bad time!
5	The blue flame is probably one of their best rolls! They are to die for. Love this place. But I go to the one in Goodyear
5	Great variety of sushi, friendly and fast service, large pieces of squid for calamari, slightly pricey but large portion sizes.  Unique items like frog legs, garlic clams and more! Located in an otherwise empty strip mall, but this place was full on a Friday night.  Overall a great experience.
5	Small shop that blew the expectations I had through the roof. The sushi nd everything else is amazing and such a great price !!
5	If you like to save money, the happy hour prices at Akaihana also simply known as "Mr. Sushi" are ridiculously cheap. The quality of food and the atmosphere is homely when entering the restaurant. There are different varieties of sushies available to all the sushi lovers. This place is great for all the college students who live nearby. It's a great access to get away from campus and have lunch with your peers.
4	Tried this place out per friend recommendation.  Also known as Mr. Sushi.  Didn't expect to enjoy a sushi place situated next to a major freeway and a motel, but I really do!I was told to try the Tootsie roll, which was really tasty.  But honestly, I was most impressed by the salmon sashimi.Very inexpensive for sushi.  Perfect for a meal with friends or a casual date.
5	I'm from Los Angeles. I've been to many, many sushi restaurants. I'm visiting my uncle in Phoenix, decide to try the place next door to my hotel. AMAZING. hands down the best sushi I have ever had... GET THE LAS VEGAS ROLL!!! You will immediately evolve into a dashingly handsome full grown Charizard, after eating this evolution stone called sushi.You will literally become the President of Your mom after eating here.You will go home satisfied and ready to fight the war on terrorism.
4	I absolutely love this sushi place it's right by my house so I go pretty often and their happy hour is absolutely fantastic. They have some beers a little bit of wine all the roles that they have our fresh handmade they greet you right when they walk in the door and everyone is always very friendly. The only downsides to this place would be that the service is a little slow there's usually only about one or two waitresses but all of the cook are rolling sushi rolls fresh by hand so of course that's going to take some time. In my opinion great food for a great price anytime anyone wants to grab sushi this is the first place I always suggest.
5	AAAAMMMMMMAAAAZZZZINNNNNGGGG!I have been going here for about 3 years now and I've never been disappointed. The service is always amazing and the food is delicious, not to mention cheap! They know me by name and I even have my own chopsticks in house! It is small and can get busy on Fridays but I promise you it is worth the wait!I recommend my favorite, The Mexican Roll (Tuna, cucumber, and Habanero) it's spicy! To cool things down Billy super tuna! Give it a try, this place beats any other any day of the week.
4	Only sushi place we're found in Phoenix that gets repeat business from us. Most are awful, some are decent, but this place is good!Polite, quick service and tasty sushi! Their appetizers and entrees are also pretty good, though we usually come for the sushi. There are almost too many sushi options, we're slowly working through them. Do yourself a favor, get the "Nixon Roll". :D
4	Darkly tucked into a corner of the strip mall, this is a really great place once you find it.  Affordable, very good flavor, large rolls.  You get much more than you pay for here.  We had the Las Vegas roll, Spicy Tuna, and Six Shooter.  All were very good.  We would return any time.  My only suggestion is to light up the sign so it is easier to find.  We almost gave up before seeing the "OPEN" sign.  VERY happy that we stopped by.
5	Absolutely perfect. Clean,fast delicious. Extremely satisfied everytime. All fish fresh and sweet. Ive been going here for years and not once left hungry or not satisfied. Better than sex
5	I flippin' love this place.LoveI love the chaotic menus (which are posted all over the walls)I love that they have fresh wasabiI love that they have frogs legsI only wish it were closer to my house.
1	Did I eat at the correct Akaihana? Because based off the reviews, it seems like I had a completely different experience here that was hardly passable in my book.Akaihana advertised a happy hour and had deals for apps, sushi rolls and alcohol, plus it was cheap, but I guess some things are too good to be true. I stepped into Akaihana and was greeted by the sushi chef in some kind of indistinct Asian language, I'm used to the "Irasshaimase" greeting as I used to serve at a Japanese restaurant in the past. However, I could not make out what language he was speaking. Regardless, I was seated in the corner of the restaurant and was given 3 menus.Since I was sharing dinner, the items that were ordered were: Tootsie Roll, Spicy Salmon Roll, Tropicana Roll-Tootsie Roll: deep fried salmon surrounding imitation crab meat, big roll and served with a soy-based sauce-Spicy Salmon Roll: chopped up salmon mixed with spicy sauce in a roll, this is nothing special. Spicy salmon does not work in my book, spicy tuna does though. - Tropicana Roll: Salmon with mango, each piece topped with spicy mayo and sriracha and more soy-based sauceThis place masks the quality of their fish with sauces, deep frying and rice portion. The portion of rice was overwhelming in comparison to the rest of the fish in the rolls and wasn't seasoned well and hard, the sauces overtake your tastebuds not allowing you to taste the fish. The ginger was very sweet and I didn't even dare try the wasabi.Cheap prices are reflected in their quality of rolls,: over sauced, too much rice and lacking in quality of fish. Interior is a bit crazy with variety of menu choices and service is decent at most. Also upon leaving, the sushi chef greeted me once again in some indistinct (made up sounding) language which I found to be a bit offensive. Because I know for a fact he was not speaking Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese or Filipino because I've worked and frequent Japanese and Korean restaurants/have friends who are and that I am both Vietnamese and Filipino.*Pass on this place, I got a stomach ache the whole night after dining in here.
5	Be prepared to look over the menu for a while. It's the cheescake factory is sushi rolls. I have only tried 7 rolls here but they were all very good. It's worth the trip to make it to this small but abondant specialty rolls restaurant.
4	It was very busy when we walked in around 5:30 so we sat at the bar for dinner.  We each ordered a sushi roll:  one California roll and one Angela's roll which were very good.  I ordered 2 appetizers:  a cold spinach dish and a cucumber salad.  Both had a very nice ginger undertone and were pretty good for healthy choices.  My only complaint is that at the bar, we were not sure who was waiting on us.  We needed drink refills and to order more food and no one asked us if we needed anything once we got our initial order.  We had to stop the very busy sushi makers to ask for more drinks, more food, etc  ... and I figure if we are spending full dinner prices (our bill was  over $50.00), we should be asked, often, if we are ok and do we need anything.  Otherwise, I'll go back for the food and sit in a regular table.
5	this place is amazing....one night my friend and i were looking for a sushi spot, the first 2 spots were closed and then we googled and found 'mr.sushi' which sounded frightening. We decided to try it anyways and it was AMAZING!!!!! we got there later on in the evening, which ended up being awesome since it was happy hour. the food was amazing, i'm from the bay area and have had some amazing fresh sushi, this place was just as good if not better. The amount that you get for the price is awesome. the food is delicious and extremely flavorful. i recommend this place to everyone!
5	Love this place! First time I went I sat at the sushi bar and was greeted by a chef named Chris. He made me all kinds of different specialty rolls and sashimi it was so delicious!Great saki specials very nice staff. Nice place to take somone on a date or even bring your family! Must try in order to see how amazing everything tastes!
5	Coming from Long Beach, Ca and living right near the ocean, I've always had the most fresh fish when it comes to my sushi. I barely moved to AZ this past February. It took a while for me to find a good sushi restaurant. Being that we are in the middle of the desert, it was hard to find a place that served good tasting/fresh sushi until I came to Akai Hana. I've gone to both locations and both places had the most fresh tasting sushi. I always order the rainbow roll and it was very delicious here. The staff was also very kind and attentive to their guests. Our waiter was always checking on us to make sure we didn't need anything. We didn't come during a slow period, so the staff is very on top of their customers. Can't wait to go back for my weekly sushi date with my sister :)
5	The best sushi in Phoenix!  My favorite is the Spicy Tuna hand roll.  I get it every time. It gets packed during the rush, so go during happy hour or lunch and you will get great specials and great service.
5	I'm here once a week.  The staff is great.  The food is better!  Spicy Tuna Cracker app is a winner. Baked scallop roll is a must have.  They have so many different rolls, there is something for everyone. Rice free, low-carb options available as well. ooh!  Get the jalapeno popper app. It's stuffed with crab. Soooo good.
5	My wife and I don't normally eat sushi, but after a coworker took me to lunch here,  I have been hooked.  I love the spicy tuna and the Blue Flame roll.  The portions on the dinners are generous and the prices reasonable.   My wife and I normally split one dinner and order a side roll.
5	Best sushi rolls ever. I have tried many rolls here.  All are fresh and delicious but my favorites are the blue flame roll and the tropicana roll. This is a true hidden gem. They have a happy hour menu that is fantastic. I believe happy hour is twice a day. I always get seated right away, but its always a bit busy. I like to see that so I know fish is fresh. The staff is always nice and friendly. Definitely don't go to the chain sushi restaurants anymore. I pay half the price and get fresher sushi here with a smile.
5	A wonderful experience coming into the door, fresh sushi, and different combinations make this one of our faves.  That spicy tuna cracker was the best thing we have ever eaten here, ever . In the 6 years we have been coming.   The music is awesome. Come here.
4	I love the fact that happy hour is available  most of the day  . The place is small but always busy . I like their combination plates their California  rolls are the best in town . We love their spicy shrimp rolls  their teriyaki sauce is very flavorful. Their tempura has  many choices and a large amount of choices which are reasonably priced
4	This a family favorite since 2010. Love the blue flame and tootsie roll! The service is wonderful and the staff are very accomodating.
4	First time here. The variety is wonderful. The manager even made us a special appetizer.
5	This is the best sushi in all the Phoenix area that I have ever been to. They always have new and exciting kinds of rolls and give a good amount of fish for the price and is always fresh tasting. The service and the food are great.
5	This place has a bunch of it's own specialty rolls that are awesome!  Staff is great and remembers its regulars.  Will be back
5	I love Akihana! This is hands down my favorite sushi place in Phoenix. They have an amazing selection of sushi rolls and a wide variety of extras to try out - luke the frog legs (give em a try, you won't be sorry). The service is great and the bar tenders are hilarious! Try a panty dropper - it's a martini with sea urchins in it, unless you got shit to do later, it will mess you up!
4	I've been here a couple of times. Vast menu, with various specials on the walls. It's in your best interest to walk around to each wall to see all the available things because they are not all on the menu. Everything we ordered was delicious. The service was friendly and prompt. We will be back!
1	This is the worst restaurant experience I've ever had! Not only is this place super slow in service but the food was not fresh!
4	Look.  If you like sushi, then you don't need a cool place to hang out.  You want GOOD sushi.  Look no further.  This is the place to go!  Cheap rolls and just a basic sushi spot.  This isn't the "cool" place to hang out or the spot "to be seen."  JUST GOOD SUSHI!
4	Look.  If you like sushi, then you don't need a cool place to hang out.  You want GOOD sushi.  Look no further.  This is the place to go!  Cheap rolls and just a basic sushi spot.  This isn't the "cool" place to hang out or the spot "to be seen."  JUST GOOD SUSHI!
