2	First off... know that you will be charged another $10 dollars just to PARK!. Basic ticket price is $37.50 per person (everyone over 12 yrs). Is it worth it? a reluctant yea.. there are a lot of inter-active games and displays. I bought tickets 4-5 weeks ago, and was so excited that it was opening here, just a mile away! If the tickets were a little cheaper I would go again, but now it's off my bucket list, i'm not going back. A lot of work and thought went into this event, nicely done and great staff. Bring a jacket, it's cold throughout. Bring the kids, it's more for them. I was told it was targeted to the adults, but that was lack-lustered for my tastes. First room they have you stand in front of a green screen for a picture, but give you no input on how or what it is for, they need to put samples of the three backdrop pictures up front so you can have a small idea of the finish product. They have cafe food on-site, which we didn't try, there is a lot to take in, you can spent a quite of a bit of time just reading everything. Yes there are restrooms inside (outside) available. My biggest disappointment is that I was expecting props from the Marvel movies, and backdrops, more museum type pieces, there was none. The simulators that held my interest were the 'Holo-Blaster Training Simulator' and the 'Black Widow Agility Maze'. There was an 'Avengers Encounter' that would not work at all for me, maybe because I was wearing dark clothes and black jacket, so the computer had a hard time in seeing my movements, not sure. At times it just seemed 'hokey', good-hearted but hokey, and you reflect on the money you spent to walk through. The Marvel Experience collects a LOT of information about you, and get ready to input your email address in their interactive displays everywhere. I own a couple restaurants and maybe I should start charging a $10 per car fee since you're already spending money at my place? That is sooo retarded, shame on you for not putting that in your website, or with ticketmaster. I carry just credit cards anymore... you need to bring cold hard cash and lots of it.
1	Expensive, more for parking ($10), unorganized and line after line. It took 45 minutes just to get up to the registration with our bands to track the experience. Finally able to register, one of our bands didn't work. When I asked the attendant she said only 50% work and it isn't necessary to track... Don't wait in line to do it for that reason alone.From there we stood in another long line to get in, where there was another long line. Finally into the first area all of the lines were a good 30 minutes to try an interactive game, which we saw weren't working properly for those playing anyways.On with the experience... We waited in line to go into a holding room which led to another holding room and more ahead. Not worth the wait unless you have children. It was advertised as entertaining for adults but I disagree. 4 hours later we made it through, tired and disappointed. We didn't even get to experience 3D because there was a glitch. Every time we went to a new area I thought to myself, it's okay, the next part is when it will pick up. It never happened though. Between everything breaking down and 75% of it just being standing in a line, I would not recommend this for the price you pay. The one nice thing I can say is the staff was kind during the frustration, even though it was clear there was quite a bit of confusion/glitches on their end, they rolled with the punches. Overall, colossal waste of money and time. This experience must have been designed by Hydra...
1	We had tickets to the 10am experience.  Should have just gotten a refund when our original tickets (12/13) were canceled. That was a cluster-f in itself with Ticketmaster and our original tickets. $10 parking that you don't find out until you get to the dirt lot you park in. Couldn't bring in stroller for our 2.5 year old. The registration keyosks, about 60% were broken. Probably because those tablets cannot be in the sun. Whoever planned the setup didn't think that one through. A full canopy rather than an awning for the trailers, would have prevented the registration process fiasco. That and there was no sight of IT (though the staff knew there was an issue) until people started complaining loudly.Stood around waiting at least 30 minutes to reregister (cause it wasn't recognizing our userid/pass we set up online). The quinjet area broke down and we ended up waiting in the "hangar" for 40 minutes. The 3d dome area had problems, so we weren't able to use the 3d glasses. Couldn't experience the 4d ride cause of height limitations, which we weren't informed about until we were in the room. Not very young child (5 and under) friendly as there wasn't a lot that my son was able to participate in.  Though i didnt know what to expect, i was not prepared for this huge of a disappointment. Very VERY unhappy with the experience!!!
1	Note: I rated this one-star because I can't give it less.My wife Jill and I went to this at ten this morning.  First, let's talk about how we almost didn't make it because Hero Ventures and TicketMaster never got their act together.  When they postponed opening the event for a week, we did not get any information about our NEW tickets.  All they did was mention that we could bring a friend for free.  All that this did was add to the total number of disappointed attendees today.We arrived and were very much surprised by a heretofore unmentioned charge for parking.  Not once was it referenced in any of the communications, or on the page for the event.  Ten additional dollars poorer, we then waited for thirty to forty five minutes, in the sun, while other attendees tried futilely to register their less than useless tracker bracelets.  The wait would still have been a long time, even if EVERYONE had pre-registered, because none of the pre-registration credentials were being recognized.  However, the wait was even LONGER because only fifty five to sixty percent of the kiosks were working, and only forty five to fifty of them working completely.We were then treated to spending huge amounts of time standing and waiting.  The shortest wait, after the registration debacle, was twenty minutes before getting to the "Interactive" area.  This consisted mostly of cheesy games (more at home at Castles and Coasters than a groundbreaking technological marvel) that had simply been reskinned with Marvel characters. But, most of the Marvel Experience was the waiting.  Waiting for the "3-D" and the "4-D" experiences.  Both of these were notable lacking in at least one advertised dimension. The 3-D Projection wasn't even working, so the glasses they handed us were handed right back.  This after a forty five to fifty minute wait.  The wait to go from the "3-D" part to the "4-D" ride was only twenty to twenty five minutes... But, also NO 3-D!!!So we spent two and a half hours getting less than half of what we paid for.  The only thing this had in common with Marvel was the name, as well as the waiting that Marvels dedicated fans do.  But, at least that waiting pays off in dividends of great comics, movies and TV series.  The "Marvel Experience" was the waiting but, it was only followed by profound disappointment.Also, the staff couldn't have been more disorganized and I'll-informed if they were the voting public.This event was an over-hyped, under-delivered, bad faith rip-off.  We will pursue this as far as we need to get resolution.  I can't get the time from my limited life back that was wasted this morning back from them but, they can sure as Hell give me back my money.
1	The marvel experience was not marvelous at all.  It was indeed terrible, I must say.  I understand this is the second day it has been open but nothing was working well.  The lines were extremely long to get in and once inside there were lines for everything!!!  Picture disney lines and multiply that by 10 and then only to arrive to things that you can do at other places like the laser maze, or a climbing wall. The better things were not working well at all.  The wrist bands were lame and not functional, the 3d and 4d movies were not 3d at all.  The total experience was terrible and I ended up apologizing to my family from out of the country to have taken them there on their vacation.  My kids say they would only go back if they got paid.  As for me, they would for sure have to pay me a lot to go back.  I highly recommend putting all of the employees through the experience because many of them could not explain how it worked or what would be next, also, you need to manage the lines a lot better, and of course get the technology to work.  The idea is good but the execution is very poor. I also have requested a refund.  Do not waste your time.  This is more for kids than adults but even the kids did not like it.
1	1 star is too much for this extremely disappointing experience. Do yourself a favor and save your money. Even if everything was working it was still not worth the time and especially not worth the cost. The Marvel Experience was a Marvel Rip Off!Everything was grossly overpriced. Just glad I only wasted 40 on the ticket and not the 200 for VIP experience.
2	I went with my family on the very first day at 10:30am. I read the other reviews and it seems like the proceeding days were worst than the day I went. From a distant the tent looks like Baymax laying on the floor. Haha. Surprisingly, parking on the dirt road was $10 (luckily we had cash on hand). We tried to register our wrist bands which was a waste of time because the machines kept messing up due to the sunlight. As I scanned my band to participate in the activities, another person's information appeared instead of my own. Fail. The most exciting part of the experience was the "training" area. Since we went the first day, the lines weren't as long and all of the machines were functioning. They didn't function very well (Iron Man and Hulk training activity), but they still worked. The laser maze and rock wall were the best training activities, but I felt like I could have done the rock wall at a real rock climbing gym. Our mortal bodies grew weak. We needed sustenance! And everything was overpriced (as expected) and tasted worst than Subway. The second part of the training dealt with learning about several villains such as Red Skull and Madame Hydra. It was kind of... Dumb. We couldn't really hear the interactive screens that gave brief infos about each villains because of the loud music and chattering going on around us. As we proceeded into the 3D dome area, we pretty much strained our necks as we had to look up the whole time while the show was projected onto the ceiling. This made me pretty dizzy and caused a headache. I'm getting tired of writing this review... 4D was 'aight. Again, it was neck straining and not fantastic.Gift shop was similar to those overpriced gift shops at Disneyland. Save your time and money. Don't go. The End.
1	STAY AWAY! Save your money and get more Christmas presents for your family. I had purchased the 99.00 VIP pass. That pass basically got you 1) one time access anytime 2) free parking 3) access to front of the line 4) free t-shirt and poster 5) and access to the VIP lounge. Let's start by saying people must of read the reviews for this place because when my group went at 8pm last night ...no one was here. So, basically I spent 99.00 on parking, a t-shirt, and poster. How did I like the Marvel experience? It sucked. Entering the training room was like going to a Chuck E cheese with 1/2 the games not working. Then you would self guide yourself to another room where you watched a short animated cartoon. The last room...the 4D room...is a room set up theatre style where you sit and watch a cartoon and your seat shakes and you get an occasional gust of air blown on you. Now if you are 12 and under you would probably appreciate the Marvel Experience, but if you are a grown adult you would probably had wished you had spent your hard earned cash on a steak dinner with a bottle of wine for two.
1	Let me start by telling you what they got right - the story is good and relies on comic book lore that goes a little deeper than the cinematic universe. There is one moment near the end that genuinely brought a smile to my face which I won't ruin for you, and the staff seemed like they genuinely wanted to help. However, none of that can make up for the complete disorganization and technical malfunction we experienced.I was part of the 10:00am Saturday group that others have written about. First, we spent 45 minutes trying to register our wristbands on malfunctioning kiosks, which was made especially painful by the fact that the wristbands didn't seem to work at all and that the registration served no purpose.We moved through the first two domes in a long line but without any specific problems. When we got into the first experience dome, what others have referred to as the arcade dome, we began to see clearly that the experience was not ready for the public. We were told that the Iron Man flight simulator didn't work, only to see people using about an hour later with a long line. We waited 30 minutes to get into the laser shooting gallery, only to have it malfunction when we went inside, where they left us standing in the dark for 15 minutes before unceremoniously being told to leave. The only functioning exhibit we were able to experience was the reconstructing the adaptoid, which was ok but not anywhere near the entertainment we expected for the price of admission. By the time we left this room we we were already frustrated.We then moved onto the vestibule for the next exhibit, where we waited for another 30 minutes for the next dome, where we were told 110 people were 'stuck'. When we finally moved inside, they passed out 3D glasses and we were told we would begin our training. Moments later, they told us to take off the glasses because the 3D wasn't working anyway. The 2D animated movie was ok, and might have been awesome in 3D but who knows. Most of the people I was with ceased being able to follow the story at this point anyway.The next chamber in between training and the climax was good, and actually the best part of our experience, which I won't ruin for anyone. If the rest of the exhibit had worked as well I wouldn't be complaining.Most insulting was the '4D' ride at the end. They took our malfunctioning wrist bands before we entered, and throughout the presentation it became clear that we would have been participating if we had them. There were no '4D' effects beyond what you could get in a flight simulator at Dave and Busters. The movie was not in 3D.The store at the end looked like it had some nice, unique merchandise, but we were so irritated and angry we just rushed through it and left, not interested in spending even one more dollar.I spent $215 dollars on 4 adult and 2 child's tickets and $10 for parking for an experience that left me sad, dissapointed, and angry. I had high hopes for this. I have since learned that some people have been offered refunds or passes to return when they have things working, but no one has reached out to us despite our attempts to contact them. The uneven reimbursement just adds insult to injury.UPDATE: I was contacted and offered a refund, which Ticketmaster processed right away, so kudos to the Marvel Experience and Hero Ventures for doing the right thing.
1	Work out your glitches before you open. This is for kids. Arcade games are juvenile and not challenging. Unorganized. Long lines. The 3D movie crashed two minutes in AFTER they took back our glasses cause the 3D wasn't working. The motion ride was carnival quality at best. OVERPRICED!!! For what you get. Two hours of my life never get back. Not to mention the silly revolving doors between tents where the person behind me shoved the door into my heel. Like the other commenters, I was so angry by the time I got to the end. no way was I paying a ridicules price for our pictures. Save your blood pressure and money. Look elsewhere for fun.
1	Not worth the time, much less the price of admission.  The VIP package doesn't add anything of value.It's a colorful game of waiting in line, dodging small children. The "training simulations" aren't calibrated, so you can't play them without encountering more glitches than hits, making the 40 minute wait that much more bitter in hindsight. The registration was broken, so we didn't get several of the features of the expensive package or any of the personalization that is supposed to be a feature of the whole Experience itself.The opening scene had to be restarted several times because the audio and video didn't sync up.The room transitions were poorly managed, with a bored looking person in a SHIELD t-shirt letting the music play a few loops before pressing the button to open the doors, making for a really engaging and immersive time, imagining you're in training for an actual government contract job, waiting for the instructor who is running behind due to a pile of paperwork and red tape.Don't waste your time, money, or sanity.
1	The Marvel Experience was REALLY an experience.  It was the worst experience that you could imagine!.  The lines were long, long, long.  After we waited in line to get in (only so many are allowed in at a time--makes sense to me) BUT and I mean BUT, there is NO time limit once you get in.  Hence, there are too many people in the Training area.   We waited 45 minutes in line to get into one of the Training games. (game lasted 3 or 4 minutes)   This "experience" is being marketed as an Adult experience, but in reality it is for kids and at least 50% of the people there today at 11:30am were kids between the ages of 6 and 8.  There were too many other things that were wrong, but that would take up too much of my time.   If I could give a rating less than a One, I would.  Save your money, give it to charity, do anything else with it, but.......... Do not go !!!!!
1	UTTER WASTE OF TIME and MONEY !$130 for family of four with parking and $4 for a bottle of water for.... waiting in line to get in to a tent where you AGAIN wait for in line to play second rate kinect games. Then you move on to the next tent where you AGAIN WAIT and WAIT to watch some trite Sunday morning cartoons.The worst part of this is the way this is set up. THERE IS NO WAY TO LEAVE - you have to go through this gauntlet of boredom and tackiness to exit.  I seriously thought about using the emergency doors, no joke here. We couldn't wait for this NIGHTMARE to end. We couldn't get the hell out of there fast enough. Whoever came up with this, started with this question. How can I separate bunch of fools from their money while putting least amount of effort? I disagree with previous reviewers in that the poor experience was due to technical difficulties. The poor experience is due to fundamentally flawed design at every level. Almost everything there from plot of the story, cartoon design, organization, the attractions inside the tent, the 4D ride seems to be an afterthought. Something thrown together hastily and on the cheap. There were few set pieces that look nice... but that's not even worth the trip.What they excelled at was how to extract your cash. Starting with the overpriced tickets, parking, photo opportunities, way overpriced cafe and the classic exit through the gift shop. Now If your cash wasn't enough they also have you input personal information under guise of obtaining your "agent" ID cards. Sadly you never get a physical ID and in retrospect this was just a way to gather your personal information  be resold for even bigger profit. It's just SICKENING. Shame on Marvel. I actually enjoyed most of of their movies. Now every time I see Iron Man or Captain America I seriously cringe. I am definitely will not be seeing any more of the upcoming Marvel movies in the theatre or purchase any merchandise. It's a shame because Jon Favreau take on Iron Man really turned be on to the genre. On the opposite side of the spectrum we have projects such as Marvel experience - which completely turn me off from the Marvel franchise.
2	After sending an email via the Marvel Experience site, I received an email expressing apologies and offering return tickets or a refund.   IMO, the groups that experienced the severe tech difficulties, should have been approached by management before we left the "experience".  That probably would have saved a lot of the negative reviews.For the apologies and return/refund tickets, they get an additional star.
1	Overall spent $300 for an experience that was hyped up to be the best experience.  At least that's wasn't what was shown on the advertisement my nephew saw.  That is the only reason we all wanted to go as a family.What did we really get?  RFID bracelet that didn't work. Why make us spend multiple time registering.  In the end, the games showed me up as some 8 yr old white kids.  The Hulk game and Iron man game were not even sync or calibrated.  Whats the point of waiting in line to training and no be able to do anything except crash into the mountain or not even move the hulk.  You should invest in a XBOX.  At least they know how to get those game workingThe only good game was the laser black widow game.  Too bad you only had 1 of them and it also had the longest line.  What were you thinking?The 3D?  Really?  First of all, it didnt work or wasn't 3D to begin with.  Then we had to keep looking at the done.  Why not just tell us to lay down on the floor?  It would have been better than have to keep our neck in that uncomfortable position.The 4D?  Great, still no 3D but now our seat gets some movement.  I guess it wasn't bad but from the look of the movie, i suspect our faces should have appeared on the screen to be part of the movie BUT since the RFID didn't work, we had some random people I didn't know.  I don't think a single person on the screen was in my party.If you wanted us to test out the ride for people in the later day, I understand.  But you really shouldn't be charging for that since you didn't get your act together!  It should have been free or a greatly reduced price; not the same price as every one else. Oh also you should have mention the $10 parking on the website.  Not all of us carry cash.  Lucky we had enough change in the car to cover this.  Even the sign directing us to the parking lot didn't mention $10 until we got to the gate.  Stupid poor planning!
1	They should name the name from the Marvel Experience to the Awful Experience.  How can a company that makes such good movies associate with this rip off?  My kids were frightened.  I really need to look into this and see if anyone who runs this company has experience at this.  I heard Magic Johnson was involved?
1	The Marvel Experience has a lot of potential. The idea of playing the role of a recruit for SHIELD, training, and helping to defeat Hydra is awesome. However, the execution of this event was so disappointing that words can't even express it.If you go, DO NOT buy VIPWe bought 2 regular VIP tickets for $100 and one Level 9 ticket for $180. The only difference between the regular VIP and Level 9 VIP was a small cheap spiderman action figure. THAT IS IT. Supposedly you get a custom figure from the gift shop, but none of the employees knew what it was so we didn't get it. The "VIP Lounge" which we all had access to was a small crappy tent with 2 small couches, and the VIP food consisted of small cups of fruit, vegetables, and popcorn. Not what we expected for the price. The VIP bathroom they advertise is only next to the VIP lounge tent, so with the exception of the first 10 minutes you are there, you will be using the regular bathrooms with everyone else. Nothing seems to work, not even the employeesMost of the employees didn't seem to know what was going on. It took us almost an hour to even get access. Some employees were in character, calling you a recruit and acting as if it was all real, but most of them were apathetic and disinterested, and our VIP concierge was even texting on her phone. The wristbands you get at the beginning are supposed to be programmed with your information so that when you are in training, you scores can be recorded. BUT the machines that you use to register your information were broken when we were there, so our characters were just "First Name Last Name". The training modules used Kinect to detect your movements, and often did not register when you were doing something. When I played the Iron Man game, it did not once register any of my movements. When I complained to one of the employees, she said it just doesn't read some people. Umm..Okay? Not what I wanted to hear after waiting in line for 30 minutes to play this game.It just goes from bad to worseAfter you complete your training, you go to a dome-shaped tent to receive your mission. It is projected on the ceiling of the tent, and you are told to sit on the dirty carpeted floor to watch it. If this sucked for me, I'm sure this sucked for the older people there who brought their grandchildren. The transitions between each experience thereafter are unnecessarily long and you will find that you spend a large portion of your time just standing and waiting. Keep in mind, this is after the 2.5 hours you spent in the training room, waiting for 30 minutes at a time in line for each activity. When you do finally get to the final chamber where you, one of the recruits, are needed to save the day, you are asked to lift your arm band to save the day, only to realize they took your armband. You will then go to the giftshop where you see more employees in this one room than you saw in the entire event, and they follow you as you walk around the giftshop to make sure you aren't stealing anything. Stealing from them? I feel like they stole from me! I want my $380 back!The moral of the storyBe a real superhero. Save your money, save your time, save your sanity. Don't go.
1	So all of the things I posted about and feared...came true! Big surprise! So where can I get our refund? We had to pay 10$ MORE to get NEW tickets so we'd be secured a spot. Thank god we did because the lines for those who were told to come at "any time" were atrocious. Poor kids waiting in the sun...EXACTLY what I feared. The ride was not in 3D and was short. A lot of props were very cheap and plastic they looked super fake. Legacy Effects should have been hired to do the props. It was laughable actually. A lot of things were not working and it was supposed to be geared towards adults....uhm, no...this was definitely for little kids. Even the marvel section at Universal (before being bought by Disney) was a way better experience. As someone with a low income, this was incredibly expensive and disappointing. The wrist bands tracked us for what purpose? They took them away before the MAIN RIDE?! So now you have all of my information and for what? Leave the production to Disney, Legacy or Stan Winston for a GOOD experience. Very poorly executed. Oh and we found some of the busts and frames they were selling for 75% cheaper at HOBBY LOBBY the DAY of the event! LOL. Give me a refund. Total bait and switch.
1	Interactive video games that don't work well and some surround screen video that wasn't well done.  Not worth the time and definitely not the price
1	If I could give 0...I would.  Don't do it.
1	Not worth the time, much less the price of admission.  The VIP package doesn't add anything of value.It's a colorful game of waiting in line, dodging small children. The "training simulations" aren't calibrated, so you can't play them without encountering more glitches than hits, making the 40 minute wait that much more bitter in hindsight. The registration was broken, so we didn't get several of the features of the expensive package or any of the personalization that is supposed to be a feature of the whole Experience itself.The opening scene had to be restarted several times because the audio and video didn't sync up.The room transitions were poorly managed, with a bored looking person in a SHIELD t-shirt letting the music play a few loops before pressing the button to open the doors, making for a really engaging and immersive time, imagining you're in training for an actual government contract job, waiting for the instructor who is running behind due to a pile of paperwork and red tape.Don't waste your time, money, or sanity.Edit:Called ticketmaster several times and eventually they authorized a refund.Can't increase the rating in good conscience as I still don't think the show is worthwhile or well put together.  Maybe with its next incarnation it can become something I'd enjoy and recommend.
3	I surprised my dad with this Marvel Experience.  He was like a kid playing with all of the activities.  We stayed and played for almost two and a half hours. The lines were short and we didn't wait long to participate.  I was a little hesitant going with the bad reviews but am glad we went. We made our own experience a good one.
1	i will spend the rest of my life trying to build a time machine so i can go back to decmber 23 2014 and convince myself not to go to marvel experiance!!! worst experiance of my life, yes that is rite, worst of my life for sure. it was worse than that time uncle jimmy was inappropriatly touching my leg, it was worse that crapping myself in the third grade and trying to hide it from my classmates. the closest thing i can think would accuratly describe how this turd of a event made me feel would be getting 3 duis in one day and contracting aids the next day. do not go! i want a refund but the idiots that work there were to busy making sure i was " excited " so i couldnt get a refund, i would have rather killed myself than stay another minute to argue with someone about getting my 100.00 dollars back. oh and the website will tell you about all this tecnology they have yet the phone in your pocket is more advanced than anything you will see at marvel experiance
1	I never complain but this was awful. I felt sorry for the girl putting on the bracelets. She was having a hard time. The kiosks were down so couldn't even activate them.  Then we go wait in a line. They let 120 in at a time. So after 20 mins or so waiting there we got in. Look it's Iron Man's mask. Why does it look like a plastic toy?  All of the "movie props" looked like cheap plastic. I went to the little marvel area at Disney and everything looked real. Here it looked cheap. Then came the lines. I waited in the wall crawl line with the kids while my wife waited in the 3D shoot em up line. We were able to do both after over an hour. So we had been in line for about 1 1/2 hours overall and got to do two things that took a couple mins each. Maybe 5 mins at the shoot em up. The kids were bored so we went to the next area. We got to see a video on one dome and the "4D" motion ride. Those were decent but not worth the $120 we paid for tickets. When I asked the kids what was the best part, it was eating at YC's afterwards. As a fan boy I am totally disappointed by this. If I could give it negative stars I would.
1	Long lines. Only 2 of the training room events worked. I waited 5 hours in line, and only got at most an hour of "experience" out of it. The staff was extremely friendly, but did not keep any order in the areas. VIP cut off everyone for everything at anytime. No separate line. No real explanation. Nothing. I came into this super excited and left with $40 for a terrible event. Plus $10 extra for parking in a dirt lot next to the event. Do not waste your money on this.
4	This was really about managing expectations. We went as a family with kids who thought it was awesome.  Was it great for adults?  No... but we went into it thinking of this as a youth experience. All the extras add up just like going to an amusement park...but once again, it's about managing expectations.  It was costly in total but some days later the kids are still talking about it...so it was worth it to us.
1	Not worth the money at all. Long lines. Disorganized. I could play these "games" at home for a fraction of the cost. Obvious cash grab and a waste of time. "The Money Extortion"
3	What was working was good but the long lines made it a headache. The event seemed oversold. The "agent training" wristbands were completely inactive and you lost quite a bit of interactive fun because of it. It was still fun and they had great people working.
2	I was disappointed when our check in time was for 11:30am and we didn't even get in until almost 12:30pm.  Then not only did we wait an hour to get in, there is long lines everywhere.  We waited at least an hour to do a 5-6 minute 3D game and then the lines were too long to do the other training so we just went on to the 3D movie and then that pushed us right into the 4D movie.  So we were there from 11:30am - 2:30pm and did 3 (5-10 minutes each) things.  Very disappointed.  A small churro was $5 so even to feed my kids a small snack would have been $25.  Very interesting idea and we would have enjoyed it more but my kids actually had more fun at Peter Piper Pizza after the Marvel Experience.  That's all they have talked about was playing games.  Never mentioned the Marvel Experience once to their friends. They were not prepared for such a large number of people.  I figured having a check in time would help eliminate the crowd but it was a waste of our time.
1	I am only giving this one star because it is not possible to give it zero.  I was so very excited to bring my son to this. We had been eagerly anticipating this event.....I don't  even have words to express how disappointed I am.  I  genuinely feel robbed.  Robbed of my hard earned money.  Robbed of my precious valuable time.  And robbed of my sanity as I stood in Dinseyland long lines to play overrated arcade games the DIDN'T work.  I believe the website and "Blogs" are guilty of false advertising.  I wouldn't waste my time if this event was free.  I hope I can find a way to get my money back.  I would also like to note that I have never written a review before in my life.  I decided to sign up with a Yelp account in hopes to save someone else from the major disappointment I just experienced.
1	DO. NOT. WASTE. YOUR. MONEY.I know what you're thinking: How bad could this be? No way Marvel would endorse something that isn't 100% awesome. This must be a guy who went on the first day when they had glitches, it has to have gotten so much better since then. Don't do it. Marvel really duped us on this one. There are two decent activities to participate in (a shooting game and a maze) but both require a full hour wait and last only a few minutes at best. The rest of the area has very little interactivity. I went several days after the opening night and everything was working, nothing was out of service. Despite that, my kids (7 and 9) were bored the entire night. The 3D/4D graphic shows were cool, but they were very brief and not at all worth the $150 we paid for a family of 5. I'd love to have time travel as a super power so I could go back and tell myself not to waste the money or the time. Hopefully, you don't make the same mistake.
1	OMG do not, I repeat DO NOT waste your money!It was literally a walk thru museum.... Couple 5 min 3D simulations but nothing more than the vibrating chair at bed bath and beyond.
2	Yelp limits you to 5001 CHARACTERS in your reviews--which simply is not enough for things like "experiences."  That said I have posted a full review here on our blog at https://gerouxcrew.wordpress.com/2014/12/29/our-experience-at-marvel-experience/  for all to see complete with pictures if you would like more details about my comments belowDisclaimer:It should be noted that I refrained from reading any reviews or watching any news stories about this event prior to our visit so I kept my own expectations as high as they should have been for the cost of the tickets.  Also, while some may say it is not fair to compare something like this to "Disneyland", I disagree.  Disney as the parent company who has "theme park" entertainment down to a science would never settle for the poorly executed design and management of this experience to exist.  No reason to re-invent the wheel- pool resources from the Disney parks gurus and fix the kinks.  Several of the activities inside the experience are actual activities AT Disneyland (in the Innoventions attraction in Tomorrowland) so there should be zero "kinks" with those, yet there are.Cost: For our family of 4 (2 adults 2 teens) we paid $145 for the Marvel Experience plus an additional $10 for parking and shelled out another $20 for a souvenir photo.  So at $175 we are not talking about chump change.Time: We had tickets for Sunday December 28th at 3pm- the web said the experience would last 90-120 minutes. We were there for 3.5 hours ( i.e. 210 minutes) from 2:45pm until 6:15pm.  Approximately 60 minutes of that was actual "experience" everything else was standing in line.Would we do it again?:not likely- at least not at the cost that it was.  Again it was nearly $30 per personPros:  It's Marvel so if you like Marvel you will be able to find something to like about it.Cons: 1-interestingly enough kids 6 and under were FREE- which blows my mind because there sure were a TON of them and they take up a TON of time on the activities that those of us that PAID to be there are now having to wait for.  Due to the structure of the activities I believe every person who enters should be a paying ticket holder that would make it fair. 2- parking was an additional $10 (if you ever go to anything at Talking Stick you KNOW you have to pay for parking, this just always sucks- but at $10 per event they need to PAVE that lot- the dirt is getting old) 3- poor crowd management (read full review for details) 4- low value high cost (see full review for details of what $30 per person gets you)
4	I went with a group of friends and we had a lot of fun. I enjoyed all the things I could do, especially the laser maze, the 3-d shooting and the motion-effects theatre. I would compare this more to an interactive museum experience rather than a disneyland-esque experience, so just go with that frame of mind when going.
1	I know what The Marvel Experience feels like whenever I've gone and seen a Marvel movie. Fun, excitement, laughter. All joyous emotions. I felt none of that during this experience. This was just flat out horrible on many levels. I avoided the dreaded $10 parking fee that others encountered. When I went with a buddy of mine Sunday night it was pretty dead. Guess the bad word of mouth had made it thru by then. The staff was just so blah. No excitement or enthusiasm of any kind. But I will say that it was at night so maybe they are just tired from repeating the same stuff over and over.The "interactive" stuff isn't much. It felt very cheap and that they were thinking. Let's just slap the name Marvel on it and people will love it. The Spider-man wall climb was just a regular rock climbing wall that moved. Would it have killed them to make a rock climbing wall that looked like the side of a high rise building? Or something like a magnet or velcro suit that let's u stick to walls? Dome 1 mostly consisted of monitors that had the origins of the characters which were all covered many times before in Marvel movies and cartoons. And the noise level of the dome drowned out the sound of the televisions, so you couldn't hear anything anyways. The "museum" was a joke. I was thinking it was a hall of Marvel history with props from some of the actual movies. All the props looked like plastic toys you could get a any toy store. Most of the games didn't work right. The holo simulator was ok, but it felt cheap. As far as computer animation has come along the graphics for the heroes in dome 1 was very lackluster. The Quinjet that was advertised so much as a life size one that you wouldn't believe it was all one piece. Was just pretty much a wing. There was no cockpit or seats or anything like that. Just more monitors telling you about the origins of the villains.They took away our initial bracelets when we reached Dome 2 and I for one have no idea why they gave them to us to begin with. Cause they told us when we first walked in that those bracelets they gave us didn't work. It just made no sense at all. The 3d movie was cool but it ends right when it starts getting good with no conclusion and the staff ushers you right into the next room. The 4d ride was fun for what it was. But again without those bracelets working the part where they want you to interact falls flat. The gift shop was full of overpriced items and not many things to choose from.  It consisted of a certain amount of items just spaced out in different parts of the gift shop. All in all for $37 its a major ripoff. I would feel like a straight idiot if I paid for the VIP package. The games are the same type of games you would find in a Peter Piper. You would think they would have people dressed up in character costumes walking around the place for photo ops. And it basically focus on The Avengers. If its a true Marvel experience where were all the hundreds of characters that they have in their library? If your a 5 year old kid. This place is a blast. I got excited when I first pulled up to the place and I saw those huge domes all glowing and the music blaring. But if your a true Marvel fan thinking your going to go into the mecca of the world of Marvel universe. You'll come out very very VERY disappointed.
1	Waited 1.45 hour for a 5 min shooting game and another hour to spend 1 min. walking through laser beams. Two of the attractions were broken and the wristband to track your points and keep the groups moving through were also broken.
1	Huge disappointment. Gave it so many chances and excuses for it not to suck. But I'm the end it just flat out sucked. Not worth the 30 dollars if you're over the age of 12. I will stick to the Marvel comics/movies. We also noticed(while standing in an hour line for something that didn't work) was the interactive animations were full of lag and looked as someone set up a Xbox 360 kinect to use.
1	Not much else to say that others haven't.  13 YO kid as well as 2 adults; all were bored.  Don't compare lines to Disney because there at least there is a pay-off at the end.  We waited almost an hour for a shooting gallery we could play on XBox. UGH.  Why is the 4D experience not in 3D???
1	Do not waste your money or time.The wait times were 30-45 minutes for each event, the technology was old, and nothing seemed to work. I was given a wrist band for no reason. The motion seats were nice, but the 10 minute 4D experience movie should have been in 3D.
1	Got the VIP packages and that was now way worth the additional 100 plus for this experience. If your lucky once inside you can find a staff member with a red hat who is supposed to be your concierge to get to the head of the line. Well that only works on entry and one interactive exhibit. You stand in line for everything else. The VIP tent is tiny with $7 drinks and your VIP T shirt. NOT even close to being worth it. You do however save the $10 parking fee, whoohoo , it's a dust bowl dirt lot. Overall the group running it mentioned several things were not right, like the screen printed poster not being available (part of VIP), the 3D not working on something's , and the RFID wrist band, what's with that? It didn't do anything.  Overall the $25 ticket might be okay, but not the VIP.
1	I agree with others that this would have been more entertaining and fun if I were younger. I knew there would be many children, so I went in with that expectation. In reality, the adults and teenagers were much harder to deal with. Two forty-something year old women stood in line behind my boyfriend and me and they shouted as if they were at a concert. They would not shut up about every little thing they observed and kept butting into other people's conversations. Long story short...these kinds of events attract idiots and people of all walks of life. So brace yourself for an airport-like experience.The entire event was rather boring and full of long lines. It focused on the Avengers characters; but for political correctness, they threw in the Black Panther and the "strong woman type" She-Hulk. None of the registration kiosks were open. So it seems they never fixed their IT issues. The technology is a bit dated, and to be honest a lot of the interactive games were of same quality as DisneyQuest in Chicago (closed since 2001). Seeing the Cox logo on a screen was in bad taste. I'm surprised I didn't see more sponsorship logos around. It's not worth the drive, headache, or money to go. I would rather drive to Universal Studios Florida from AZ and stand in their lines for some decent thrill rides than this load of crap.
1	As you can see from the reviews, The Marvel Experience sucked.  What are you going to do about it?This whole fiasco was put on by a group called Hero Ventures entrusted by Disney with the Marvel brand and they are taking a big steaming dump all over it.  Disney, as caretaker of the Marvel brand, has dropped the ball. As a lifelong Marvel fan, I'm pretty pissed.If you feel the same way, let Disney know: http://thewaltdisneycompany.com/contact-us
4	I'm not sure what all the negativity is about. I took my 8 year old son.  Yes, some of the lines got long, but not absurd.  Four stars for the food was expensive, and so was the gift shop.  The staff really played the role like you were in an experience.  My suggestion for next year would be to increase rides to reduce lines, or decrease amount of people at one time.  The 3D and 4D experience are totally worth the price of admission.
1	The Marvel Experience, more like I took your money and there is nothing you can do. Do not go, 4-D will never happen. You will never be immersed in the 3-D and 4-D. The Marvel website promised a lot, LOL. If you go do not expect a lot. Don't expect anything except long lines.
1	I was looking forward to this event in Scottsdale as it was one of the few times my fiance and I could get away from work to do something together. Unfortunately the day was far from pleasant. It began by not going in at our scheduled time, but over an hour later. We tried to relax with soda and water as the sun beat down on us, only to find the concession stand had only room temperature drinks! We were also unable to register our wrist bands which made the experience not quite as immersive during the "training" as I felt like I saw just "First Player". There were long lines for each activity and game, and the staff didn't seem to care much about it instead goofing with their phones, ignoring my questions, and talking with other employees about non work related activities. And the games and activities did not work or respond well at all. We finally gave up to go in to more hurry up and wait lines to see the 3D dome. the sound was so muffled we couldn't understand half the dialogue.  Then came more hurry up and wait while we waited for the ride. The ride itself wasn't bad though and unfortunately the only thing that went well. Even the gift shop area seemed poorly managed by employees that were more interested in talking to girls that were obviously much younger than them and "checking them out."I felt as if I wasted my ticket money and spent it for overpriced warm drinks, poor staffing, and standing in line for 4 hours of my day. So glad I didn't opt for VIP
1	Don't. Just don't. Every horrible thing people have said on here is 100% true. I read reviews before going but kept thinking that it couldn't really be that bad. Trust me, it is. I'm not technologically advanced as far as 3D and 4D so I was sure that those things would interest me and seem cool. Wrong. It was sooooo bad. Let me lay out my complaints for you, one by one.1)We went on 12/30 at 11:30 am. It was hot in the main dome. Uncomfortably so. This is AZ people. Even in the winter, the sun shines. Have adequate a/c and ventilation ready.2)The lines. For heaven's sake, the lines. I've stood in shorter lines at Disneyland. Not too mention after you stand in each line the game lasts no more than a minute. So I just stood there for 45 minutes to be entertained for 60 seconds.3)Broken stuff. The registration booths were broken but they still gave you these stupid bracelets to wear. They did absolutely nothing. Nothing. Try to explain that to a 5 year old who wanted to scan his bracelet at every game or exhibit we went to. Also that day one of Spiderman's climbing "walls" (these were a freaking joke) were down as was some of the Ironman games.4)The expense. I took my 5 year old so he was free. Which was good because if he wasn't I would have been asking for my money back. Everything inside was overpriced, just like the ticket itself. They had a souvenir popcorn bucket for $10. You'd think for that price it would be something cool, printed with characters and stuff on it. No. It was a white bucket that said The Marvel Experience in black. That's it. 6)The 3D/4D portion. Both the movie and ride were ridiculous. For the movie you had to stand in this dome and crane your neck up to watch it on the ceiling. You weren't allowed to sit and watch this. No, that would make too much sense. Same for the ride except you were sitting in a vibrating chair for that one. It was still uncomfortably high on the ceiling. And you can only ride the ride once. This should be said with a huge disclaimer before you buy the tickets. Sure, it was kind of lame but if I had been able to ride it more than once it might have lessened the blow. Overall my 5 year old loved it. I can't imagine anyone over the age of 5 loving it though. He thought the ride was cool. It's just too bad we could only ride it once. If it came back next year I definitely wouldn't take him unless the prices the went down and everything else went up.
1	Just wanted to write a review to chip in with what the others said. I would not recommend going.  If you have little kids (under 8 maybe), they might like it but unless you have a lot of money to waste it probably wouldn't be worth finding out. A lot of the attractions are not very accurate. There's one where you strike a pose and you summon a superhero based on your pose. 8 out of 10 people would change their pose and summon the same superhero. Also, there's nowhere to sit. You wait in line after line and nowhere to sit. By the end, we were excited for the sitting ride. That actually was a cool part; really, the only cool part. Yeah, just thinking about it now depresses me a bit. I would gladly have the memories erased from my brain if I could have the money back.
5	My 2 sons, 4 & 7, had a blast!  It is interactive and I liken it to a fair. You will have to wait in lines but it's fine because you can do as many stations as you want for as long as you want. There is also a pretty decent cafe so you can make an afternoon of it. My advice is to not be too rushed and enjoy the time there. The graphics were fantastic and no detail was missed. Very fun!!
1	Ripoff is the only to accurately describe my experience.   To further explain the price was too high for what you got in return which was overcrowding to the point inhibiting participation.  The experience could all be had on wii and a local gym.
1	I was ready to be a SHIELD recruit. But recruits are relegated to being INACTION figures standing in long lines forever for 2 lame rides. 4D just means you're entering a Dollar-Deducting Disappointment Dome. Run for your lives! Keep your $34/person in your wallet. Parking is an extra $10. The most fun we had was laughing while reading bad-funny Yelp reviews about The Marvel Experience during the endless wait for Nothing Much. Thank God our tickets were comped. Kill me now.To be totally fair, I should add that the people working this event in Scottsdale were beyond nice and pleasant. We're talking Disney level niceness. The staff was great.
1	Save time and money with the Marvel Home Experience... here's how in 7 easy steps!1.  Stand in a corner for an hour.2.  Setup your favorite light gun game... I like Duck Hunt.  Stand approximately 20 feet away from the light gun for an 1 hour.3.  Play the light gun game for 5 minutes.4.  Walk around your house for 30 minutes trying to decide on a thing that you don't want to wait for the next hour to do. 5.  strap a lcd monitor to your ceiling, and put in an animated Marvel movie.  Anyone will do it doesn't really matter.  Watch that movie for 10 minutes or until your neck gets too sore to continue... whichever comes first.6.  Sit in a chair and continue to watch that movie while rocking back and forth.  Spray some compressed air in your face 4 - 5 times. 7.  Go online to Skymall.com and look at overpriced crap.  Don't buy anything.There you have it.  All the fun of the Marvel Experience in your own home. Seriously, all the bad reviews on Yelp are fairly accurate.  Really long lines, lackluster events, promised experiences that are often broken.  All leading to the ridiculously overpriced gift shop.  I regret every minute I spent there today.  Hopefully the people in the next town this traveling circus goes to next read Yelp before buying tickets.
1	What a freakin scam!!!!   I have not been this let down in awhile.  Ok so the web site promoted this amazing 3 and 4 dimensional experience, and I went to see the state of simulation technology. I should have known it wasn't going to be good when Robert Downey Jr. was not Tony Stark in the intro cartoon while you waited in line to be let in.  It only got worse from there.It begins in the "main dome" which I expected to be an interactive dream...  What I got was a bunch of displays of plastic that didn't do anything, a line to play a shooter game that would be better on the wii, which then proceeded to a five minute dome movie that was a cartoon, and a three minute simulation ride, where the seat moved, again with a cartoon.    And that was it...   no amazing interaction with the marvel characters, no four dimensional holograms that brought you into the action, no 360 degree movie experience to make you feel like you were there...  In short, Disney made "circle vision" in the 60's and it was WAY BETTER than anything I saw in my 2 hours in this cheap scam to sell marvel apparel.If you had a kid, who was 6, MAYBE they would enjoy it...   MAYBE.Do not waste your money...   Go go karting instead, there is a place right around the corner...
1	I jumped on to write a review, and sadly looks like I'll just be echoing a lot of bad reviews.  Despite my poor review, My 5 year old had a great time.  We got there right at opening, and had purchased a VIP ticket.  DO NOT buy the VIP ticket.  It did not do anything for us once inside.  It only lets you get in to a shorter line once or twice.  We waited in plenty of lines.  VIP lounge had great staff, but was not worth the time.  Lounge food was mostly communal bowls of chips, and pretzel mix etc, during flu season.  I was a bit grossed out.  Not even a complimenatry soft drink available.  Just water.  You could buy soda and beer at ball game prices.Positives: The Staff was incredible.  Really great people wanting to help you have a good time, many in character, with great attitudes.  I bet they heard a lot of complaints which is unfortunate as we liked every person we met.  The technology worked for us throughout the event, and was very cool.  Bracelets were waste of time.  They should eliminate this aspect.It's the lines that ruin the event.  As everyone has been repeating, the 30 minutes to an hour in line for a just ok activity is a massive let down.      I would give this event a thumbs down, and the VIP Pass a double thumbs down.If they reduce the number of folks, it may improve the event.
1	Let me add to the other reviews that mention the endless lines, malfunctioning exhibits, poorly trained staff, ridiculous refreshment prices, unadvertised parking fees and no warning that purses and strollers are not allowed inside. We were there on the infamous first Saturday, however, and I understand that there may be early glitches, and other excuses for Marvel to have robbed us of $100+. Here's another reason they suck: my husband was injured in one of the only experiences that was functional that day. I will fully admit that it was his fault, thinking he could be more flexible than his frame allows. The security and EMT staff were very kind and prompt. The husband ended up in the ER, but fortunately his injuries were not too serious. However, what appalls me is that they did not follow up with a phone call to either me or my husband when several staff members emphatically said they would, in order to make sure he was ok. I guess they were just relieved that we have insurance and are not litigious.
1	We had photos taken at The Marvel Experience, but the paper stating the website where the photos are located got lost. We have tried contacting corporate to no avail. Does anyone happen to know the website URL? I will update my review and rating once someone contacts me back.
1	NOT WORTH IT FOLKS! Not enough words to convey about my experience but here goes. After reading all the hype, decided to take a chance and spend $30/ticket. I am a  fairly new Marvel fan and went with someone who is a [middle-aged] Marvel fan. The VIP tickets might have been a better bet IF I could have afforded them (about $100/ticket).  The "hyper reality" is just HYPE. Poorly executed event, to say the least. The lines were incredibly long and once you got to do or see something, it only lasted a couple minutes. We only got to do three things in our 3 hours there! We stood in line for one 3D event for over an hour and the even took just 2 minutes. In our experience, there were numerous equipment malfunctions and glitches, so many kinks have to be worked out yet. We went on 12/30 so assumed any issues would have been fixed by then, but nope! The staff was poorly trained and at times, many of them did not seem to have any management or guidance around. A couple staff members completely ignored us when we asked questions, and others simply did not know or seem to care. OH and let me mention the $10 parking fee that they don't bother to tell you until you show up. Sadly we did not have cash on us and ended up being late to the ticket start time. Not a big deal in the end because at our 5pm start time we stood in line and waited for almost 20 minutes before being let in.At the end of the event you get a free cheap plastic bracelet for completing and passing the Shield training and becoming a Shield recruit, whatEVER. Also at the end is a souvenir store where you can pay for overpriced this and that. Walk right on out folks.This was a partial Christmas gift to someone I care about. I think it's safe to say we both felt let down. The hype says this event is geared to older kids and adults, however, it was clearly set up for younger kids, and kids under 6 were apparently free. Really young kids were the only one who seemed to enjoy it. And of course, food and beverage prices were astronomical. So overall, I would recommend foregoing this experience and save your money for something else. The people who put this on should be utterly ashamed of themselves. It was awful.
1	This event was horrible. Lines, lines, lines. Has anyone been successful in getting their money back?? Ticketmaster won't budge.
