2	Westside Girls Need Lovin Too, Part One. So my Westside girls call me up and want to do happy hour apps and drinks, but in Surprise.  Arrrghh!!  After the initial shock, I hop in the Steveymobile and start looking forward to checkin out Surprise again.  It's been a while.So 35 miles and 90 minutes later I roll up to an appetizer platter and margarita waiting, a stool cushion fluffed and the bar area hopping with suburbanite foodies in full force.The bartender was very quick at the gun and seemingly busy or slammed.  He looked put out any time we asked him for a refill, a plate or a cold mug, almost to the point of dismissiveness.  The food wasn't much to crow about either.  The taquitos barely had any meat inside. The quesadillas were average. The guacamole was kind of bland.  It was very reminiscent of an El Torito or something.'My biggest beef with the place -- a HAPPY hour that goes from 2 - 5 PM?  WTF is that all about??  There are hardly even any workers in Surprise who are able to benefit from this.  Should they rename this the Surprise Unified School District happy hour? Most people in Surprise don't even get home from their Downtown Phoenix jobs until 6.  Those are the most worthless happy hour times ever.My Westside girls had never been there before (even though it's relatively new) and name-dropped several places there and in El Mirage that are better.For Westside Girls Need Lovin Part Deux, I have forcefully suggested Glendale or Peoria.  Stay tuned.
3	I probably have a more positive review than Stevey P. because I went in there with my 'nasty' radar turned up pretty high.  It's kind of like when you go to a movie expecting it to suck and when you get out of there you shrug your shoulders and think...well...it wasn't AS bad as I thought it would be.I like to try new places just to mark them off my list and see for myself how it is.  So here's what I thought...One of the differences I think was that we sat at a booth as opposed to the bar, so I can't say whether I would have liked my experience if I were at the bar.While it was nice not to be ignored, the waitress was borderline over-attentive.  It's good to be attentive, but can be a little annoying if it's more than generally necessary.  She didn't seem to know much about the menu, but her saving grace was that she asked questions for us if she didn't know the answer instead of just dismissing us.There's a pretty large menu of various dishes.  The appetizers weren't extremely appealing to me, and looked a little suspisciously like bar food.Tried dishes:**Green Corn Tamale and Chile Relleno including beans and rice.The tamale was subtly sweet and extremely moist.  It was a pretty big size and probably one of the best Green Corn Tamales I've had in a long while.  However, if you don't like sweet tamales you won't like this one.  Fortunately, it was an excellent start to the meal for me.The Chile was oozing with creamy cheese and cooked just perfectly.**Steak Fajitas with riceReally, it's kind of hard to mess up Fajitas.  But I will say the steak was cooked perfectly and had a great mesquite flavor.  The veggies on the side still had texture without being raw.The guacamole that came on the side seemed to be freshly made.The rice was probably one of the best I've had.  I don't like it when they add veggies in with the rice.  I just want rice.  And it wasn't crunchy.The only real negative was the salsa that seemed store bought with fresh chopped cilantro thrown in just to fool you.Summary--One of the better Mexican restaurants in Surprise (I know that's not saying much but...) and it seems that sitting in a booth is much better than sitting at the bar.  I will probably go again at some point to see if the service and food is consistent or if it's a case of hit and miss.
5	I now it's mainly white folks who come out for Cinco but my sister ended up getting the day off and we were hungry, so we started our journey and headed out west! It was about 4:30 when we arrived the parking lot was full I had to park in the next vacant lot but it was because of the party tent's so no biggie. We got seated right away in a nice comfy booth. I love the decor lots of colors not too abnoxious with beautifully painted murals in key places even in the restroom. Restroom had nice stalls with real wood slatted doors you wont have to worry about kids playing peekaboo w/u under the stalls. Our waiter was really polite and served us very well. The chip's were really good not greasy or salty +The salsa was super fresh not really spicey (I am Mexican) with a good mixture of cilantro but its like in Sun City so I understand, they brought it out in a carafe which I love but it should still come in a small bowl as well. Trying to get the salsa from a flat plate on to your chips can get frusterating we found ourselves pouring it right on to the chip instead. Was it supposed to come w a bowl maybe, could we have asked for one...probably?!? It was happy hour and we were too excited over the $1 drafts which included Blue Moon you cant beat that. We ordered the guac as an appetizer it came plated nice with diff bigger chips see pic. The guac lacked heat and taste a bit I coudnt detect any limon or cilantro =( so we ended up mixing it w the salsa and ate it that way. I ordered their  #5 which is a Chile Relleno w a green corn tamale came w beans and rice. The hot plates came out the cheeses were still bubbling. The tamale was GINORMOUS it was as big as my sister's chimi. The tamale was my fav it was moist and the corn was sweet mmm. The rice and beans were excellent the rice was cooked perfectly you could tell it was really fresh again. The chile relleno was pretty good the cheese was all melty but again no real heat. After getting the bill we proceeded to finish our beers and moved slowly to the party tent. We decided to hang out to avoid the traffic. There was a band that was awesome not only did they play spanish cumbias and some oldies but they played some No Doubt. They had girl dancers/singers. By the end of the night we ended up dancing all in all we had a great time! It was a perfect Cinco specal thanks to Sauza ;)
3	I want to give this place 4 stars, but I just can't. What I like: 1. The service is always friendly and quick.2. The food is not remarkable, but dependable and tastes pretty good.3. It's local, and the prices are reasonable.  What I don't really like: 1. What is with the horribly planned foyer? If waiting indoors for a table, you either have to stand in front of the entrance, and move every 2 seconds for people entering and exiting, or stand in front of the bathroom, and move every 2 seconds... or stand near the host podium, and try to not stare at people who are already dining. We ended up waiting outside. The heat was preferable to the crowding. 2. The booths are sunken-in but high up. I feel like Edith Ann, with my feet dangling above the ground. Not comfy! 3. Why are some of the dishes kind of bland, like the enchiladas? They're ok but nothing to write home about. Spice it up a bit, and the surprisingly big crowd here will get bigger. Until then... 3 stars.
5	Excellent. We eat here almost every weekend. Simple reasons...The food is WONDERFUL. Like most mexican food places, the plates are huge and the food is scaulding hot when it arrives, but the food seems to be a notch above most places we have eaten.The drinks are abundant and you can order everything from small margaritas to SUPER HUGE get-you-drunk FAST margaritas. I am a White Russian enthusiast, and they have one of the best I have ever had.The wait service is prompt and polite. The management is great. This guy made me a White Russian with half and half instead of milk and it was the best thing ever! Now every time we go back the manager makes me my drink:) Incredible customer care.I disagree with previous comments about the Guacamole. Its alive and tasty. We order a side of it with our chips and salsa every time we visit.I would HIGHLY recommend this place.
3	Very good Mexican food can be had here.  This location is a reboot of the other Rio Mirage Cafe in old El Mirage.  This location has nice seating, big comfy wrap around booths and nice tables.The appetizers are all excellent, and I highly reccomend the jumbo sampler for parties of 4 and more.  There was enough food to darn near be a meal in itself.  Their combination plates are all generous with lots of rice and beans, and the main dish is always tasty. The service was good, although I must confess quite authentic...meaning I am pretty sure our waitress did not speak english as a primary language.  It lead to some repeats..but nothing we couldn't handle.  : )The food all came out at the same time, and was all hot and fresh so no problems with their kitchen at all. The chips and salsa that were served were also very tasty.  I would go back to this restaurant for lunch or dinner.  Enjoy!
4	I went here with a friend that lives in the area. We actually tried to go here Friday night at 6pm and it was a 1 hour wait. We came back on Saturday at 5pm and went right to the bar. We had a few drinks. If you order a Margarita it is pre made in a picture. They were ok nothing exciting. But the pomegranate margarita was so good. A must have. When sitting at the bar chips and salsa are $2 per order. I thought the salsa could have had more spice. I understand it is near Sun City so they tone it down for that group. But they give you a generous serving of salsa and a large basket of chips. We had the small appetizer platter and it was so good. I the dinner plates looked really really good but after a few drinks and all that chips and salsa the appetizer platter was perfect. The decor is nice and the staff is friendly.
5	I loved this place. The service was awesome and the food was fresh and delicious!
3	This is a good mexican food restaurant, not the greatest I've had and certainly didn't live up to all the hype I hear from others (at least not for me). Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but the items I've tried are average with other similar restaurants. The place is always packed, so I might be in the minority with my opinion. I usually get take-out and my biggest gripe with Rio Mirage is that they give you only a *teeny* bag of chips and an extremely small amount of salsa (seriously, about two tbsp) with the take-out order (order of 3-4 entrees). Pretty annoying when you get plenty of chips and salsa when you dine-in (and also compared to the chips and salsa you get with Macayo's take-out). If you ask for more chips and salsa they will charge you for it. So take-out orders, if you like a lot of chips/salsa be aware.
3	I went to Rio Mirage on Mother's Day. It was EMPTY at 6pm, which was shocking to me.The service is relatively nice... although she took forever with drinks.I'm sorry but when you are serving someone who is ordering humongous margaritas on Mother's Day... get them the damn drink!  Don't wait until the food comes out!Maybe she was just having a bad day.So the food wasn't terrible, but I am highly tolerant to terrible food, to be honest.  My salmon was WAY overcooked to the point where I had to quit eating it. (arrow back to my high tolerance for terrible food... point said.)The crowd... it was really hard to judge.  Not enough people.  I'd go back, but not unless someone invited me... I would never go on my own.
5	The El Rico Burrito is fantastic! Although it says it is deep fried, you can order it non-fried. Excellent friendly service, and overall great food.
3	We decided to eat here on New Years Eve.  When we walked up the decor is pretty much the same as any other mexican restaurant.  We got a table for 3 and were told the wait would be about 25 minutes so we headed to the bar for a drink.  The bar tender was a little stand offish as we told him we were only waiting for a table.  We asked for some chips and salsa while we waited and he said he couldnt give them to us because we were not eating at the bar.  I insisted that we would pay for them but he did not bring them.  Our table was ready in about 10 minutes.  The menu is pretty standard with a few variations here and there.  When we saw our waitress she was scatter brained and not sure what was going on.  We finally got our food and it was surprisingly good.  Our over all experience would have been better if our service was at a level that is to be expected when eating out.  I have spoken to friends who live in the area and they said the same thing.  " Food is great, service blows".  So if we ever eat here again it will be carry out only.
4	I have to admit -- i'm a fan. The place is awesome, great establishment, large booths, and a friendly staff...The food is great too, if you get specific items, I found that when they say "hearty chunks" of meat, its usually not the case, most items are soupy and over sauced, but its really yummy and you get a lot for what you pay for.
4	The menu has changed... the terrible salmon from before wasn't even on there, so that was a plus from the start.We ordered the pitcher of the agave margaritas... needs more tequila when you are going to spend $26 on that!!Other than that... everything was great.  The chile relleno was AWESOME.  Cheese enchilada... AWESOME. The wandering bard (I call him that, but he was mexican... don't be thinking British) was pleasant and humorous. :)
4	There are many mexican spots in Arizona and I'm excited that this place is right down the street from us.  The service has always been good, and the food, amazing!  We have had a variety of dishes and haven't had a bad thing yet.  One little secret we learned is if you want hot salsa, ask for the habenero sauce and mix it in with the regular salsa.  Make sure you have water on hand because it is spicy!
4	We had dinner on a weekday and though it was busy the service was a bit weak. Green corn tamales, and the chicken burro/taco were good. The margaritas were big and pretty good. The guacamole was good but not great. We would go back as the atmosphere and food were better than average. This gets 4 stars because it's in surprise. In central phoenix or Scottsdale I'd be a bit more critical...
2	Meh. This is a Mexican version of Applebees, just mediocre food with lots of flair. My husband and I came here after striking out at Vogue and Fresh Wasabi (both closed on Sundays). We weren't expecting a lot, so i guess you can say it met our expectations. Chips and salsa service was prompt. The chips were warm and fresh and the salsa was good too. It kinda reminded me of the salsa at Chili's. I ordered a Margarita, which was large, but had almost zero alcohol in it (this is coming from me, a small Asian who gets drunk off 2 Budlights). It tasted of pure, syrupy margarita mix! I ordered the carne asada which had decent flavor, but was overcooked and tough. They advertise it as sirloin, but tasted more like cheap skirt steak. My husband had the chicken fajitas, which is pretty hard to mess up. His chicken was not seasoned and just tasted like smoke from the grill. The refried beans were a bit bland, but the homemade flour tortillas were fresh and piping hot. I don't think I will come here again. I think Chili's makes better Margaritas and fajitas.
2	Sad to say I really did not enjoy this restaurant. I was very surprised that what I thought was a family run Mexican restaurant served bottled salsa with chips. The chips tasted store bought and the salsa was served on a plate, making it difficult to eat at all. That was not a good start. The food just has a very "frozen foodish" quality to me. I want my Mexican food fresh and flavorful. This just didn't do it for me. But then I really don't like Macayos either - so if you like Macayos you may like this. It's not for me at all. I won't be back.
4	Tried this place on the recommendation of Yelpers and was not disappointed.Started off with the fresh chips and salsa which was a welcome treat after a day of hiking.  We also polished of our day with a Mango and Agave Margarita- both were good the latter was excellent.We had the Fajitas con Pollo and the El Rico Burrito and were not disappointed.  Definitely worth a look and we will be back!PS- GREAT specials during the week
3	Our family loves this restaurant and eat there often.  This new building is beautiful, but the booths are terribly uncomfortable. The service is hit or miss...been more misses than hits lately.  I only gave three stars because of the service. The food is consistently good and well prepared.  Their salsa is good (not great) and the hot sauce is HORRIBLE.
4	We were closing on our house and needed a place to eat, stopped here because we both love mexican food.  The place was typical but clean and friendly.  We both had something different and liked it a lot.  The salsa was cold and very good and fresh.  The waiter was talkative and friendly.  Our food was hot and plentiful.  WE will definately go back and probably take some friends.  New to this area, we are trying new restaurants and this one will be on our list since we eat out alot.
3	Just wanted to try a restaurant we haven't tried yet. Place is OK, chips a little greasy, salsa was fine. My steak fajita burrito was actually good. Wife enjoyed her rice and beans. Thought the food overall was to greasy. I think this place is better than some, but your're still able to find better!
2	I have been here a few times and it was just ok. The last time I went it was horrible. It was a slow night and they sit us all the way in the back, the table was so short after we were done bumping are legs into the table getting in the booth the table is right on your lap, we asked to be moved and we got a table an inch higher. The food was substandard. The service was non existent. I prefer the old Rio Mirage for sure.
5	Food is great! Service is fast and friendly! When I'm in the mood for good mexican food this is the first place I come to.
4	Salsa and Guacamole are both delicious, hands down the best part!  I had the spinach enchiladas and they were great.  Note for vegetarians they do use lard in their refried beans so skip those.  My husband raved about his chicken fajita chimichanga, said it was fantastic.  The margaritas are not worth the price tag, but they are alright.  Service is ok, not quick but not bad, drinks stayed refilled, food came out perfectly hot and check was out when asked.  These days those things seem rare in the far west valley!
1	This is not worth your time, AWFUL! This is americanized mexican food for the snowbirds-BLAH!
4	Came back for a second time. I always give even the worse ratings a second chance! Daughter was spending some time with me and we ended up here since she has never tried it. She ordered their cheese enchilada, and ground beef taco combination. I had their "The Fireman" it's like a steak picado but more spice and heat. I loved this plate, daughter loved her plate also. The rice and beans were still great from the last trip here. Their chips seem to be different and better. We ended up coming back the next night to bring my wife for her second time. She also was surprised about how much better it was. So we now have a second best place to go! Garcia's on 35th Ave is our favorite, but now at our West Valley location. Rio Mirage Cafe has now replaced La Fuentes has our favorite West Valley Mexican Restaurant! Cheers to you Rio Mirage for making changes to get better!!!
4	My grandparents wanted something mexican for dinner and they did not let them down!We arrived on a Saturday around 6:30 definitely busy, the wait was 30-45 min. We put our names on the list and waited outside as the lobby is not large enough to hold many. We counted i believe 4 seats... with elderly this is hard to stand that long. We soon realized that they did not come outside to call any names, thus having to stand in an overcrowded lobby to wait for our names to be called. Luckily a younger couple gave up the seats to my grandparents. The wait was not too bad. Once seated we could tell they were definitely busy. Chips and salsa were at the table before we were even greeted by our server. AWESOME!The server was definitely overwhelmed but seemed to handle it pretty well. Food took a little while to get but the chips and salsa definitely held you over. The chicken and beef unfortunately weren't very flavorful like we had hoped. Even tho the menu described the chicken to have spices it tasted boiled and plain. :(However the rest of the meal was delicious and it made the grandparents happy to try somewhere else that was for the most part authentic.In the end we will be back to try it out again, maybe next time reservations?? or not on a Saturday!
3	An ok place for a Mexican meal.  The food was ok.  Store bought chips.  Interesting Rico Burrito with the usual ingredients and mushrooms and pablano peppers.  There was a wait on a Wednesday night.  Ok bar.
4	Always great food and staff.
4	Delish from start to finish -- zesty salsa, not-to-salty chips, perfectly cooked prawns, hot tortillas, & fine margaritas.  Dinged one star because we all asked for no salt & ALL got salt, and the specials menu on the table was sticky.
4	Stopped for a late dinner around 7:00p.  We're told it would be 15 minute wait closer to 30 minutes.  Greet staff was friendly and helpful. Wait staff was very attentive, even staff who weren't our waitress, checked if everything was ok.  Ordered enchiladas and chimichanga ,both were excellent.  Waitress checked on us two or three times as we ate.  Prices of dinners were about 12.00 with margaritas, it was around17.00 per person.Overall,  great food, great ambiance and exceptional staff.  Highly recommend.
3	Very good skinny Margarita. However service was poor and in the bar the empty glasses were pilled onto it and took up two seats. Service was o.k. we had to ask for place setting and other things. But it got better by the end. The food was good. I will try again but if that bar is pilled high with empty used glasses I would call the health department.
5	Great atmosphere! Great Chips and Fresh salsa! Service is OK...nothing special, nothing bad. Their margaritas are much better than Las Fuentes. Rio Mirage know cocktails are about proportion and consistency. Even their Tuesday $.99 margaritas are good. I had Rico's special burrito with chicken....FANTASTIC!!!! It's loaded with flavor. Great variety of ingredients. This is a great alternative to nasty Las Fuentes. The atmosphere, drinks, service, and food....EAT HERE!!!!!!!
4	They have pretty decent and authentic Mexican food. Pretty large menu so lots of options. I bit on the pricey side, but they make up for it by having 99 cent margaritas on Wednesdays.
5	Delicioso every time.  Hot food, outstanding service.  Clean restrooms.  Yeah!
3	This rio is no where near as good as the original on grand. The one on grand has better food and service.
2	I went here with my coworker Jared......I don't think we will ever be back....I have a hard time revisiting a place that has visible bugs?  I am sure all places have problems, but when you have to kill something to finish your meal its not on my list to revisit.  Food did not standout to me so I cannot recommend it, still have tingles down my spine thinking out creapy crawlers.I think I will stay away and get my mexican grill somewhere else....
2	My friend and I were on vacation and had another place in mind, but we came here after hearing great things about Rio Mirage. The guac was decent and our meals (mahi mahi tacos and spinach/chicken enchiladas) were okay, but kind of bland. We liked our margaritas but they were WEAK! We ordered mediums which were a pretty good size, but not strong at all. If we come back to Surprise, I'd rather go elsewhere. I think this may be a chain...
1	Ate there tonight and will not be returning. Service really slow took forever to get our tacos which were awful. They were soaked in grease could not eat the tortillas. Mentioned it to the waitress she really didn't care. My rice had bits of chicken in it wonder if it was leftover from another plate. Chips were also soaked in oil. Best thing on the menu was the iced tea!  Now that I am home I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
3	Ok, let me start by saying you don't come here for truly authentic mexican food.  You come here for a sit-down restaurant experience, chips and salsa, 99cent margaritas.  It's just like the big chains in the valley you come to know what to expect with mass production.  So looking at it like that I think they have decent food and big portions.  The service is hit and miss but I've never had a truly bad experience or horrible food, just mediocre.
2	The service was poor. We were seated at a table that did not have enough silverware and our server acted like we were a burden when we asked for small plates with our chips and salsa. The good was the portions of the food. Very large portions so you get what you pay for.
5	I love the Rio.  I have to drop by for lunch every time I'm up in the Northwestern part of the valley.  The staff is friendly, courteous and cheerful.  The food is awesome, and generally it is served amazingly quickly after we order.  The chicken chimichanga is my favorite.  My husband will vouch for "The Ocho," or the eighth combination plate as it is known on the menu.  Their margaritas are also good.  I don't order margaritas very often because I am usually disappointed with the flavor, but the Rio's lime/tequila/orange liquor balance is just right.  I have never gotten a bad meal here.  Even the rice is moist and delicious.  I thought all Mexican restaurants considered the rice plate garnish until I ate here.  The salsa and freshly fried tortilla chips that they bring to the table are also really tasty.  Their extra hot salsa (which you can request) is plenty hot, but not as flavorful as their regular salsa.
5	Wow talk about outstanding food and service. This place knows how to top both. My Family and I ate here Wednesday Aug 8th We had such great service "Carlos M" it being our first time eatting  there he was very helpfull on answering our qwestions and offering sudjustions. He was always right there filling our drinks checking on how everything was. The food came fast and hot and correct we all loved what we ordered. On Wednesgay they have .99 cent margaritas they had a great flaver and not these little one drink there gone. the were a nice size. Everone in the whole place was very nice. Can't wait to go back
2	Better than Macayos, but we all know that's not saying much. Unfortunately, it's a little pricey for mexican food and really not all that great. If I really have a craving for good authentic Mexican food I usually find myself driving into tow to Carolinas at Peoria and 91st ave.
3	My son and I are trying to find the best Mexican food around Surpise AZ. We came in around 3:30 so it was slow.  The service was very attentive, our booth was clean and the nachos were amazing! The chips were thin hot and chrisp with ample toppings. Yum, we loved them. The portion size was huge, we could have just ordered Nachos. Our meals were both good / average. I'd go just for those nachos again. We're curious if they are always that good
4	Tried Rio Mirage for the first time.  My family really enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff.  We all ordered combo meals and were very impressed with how fast the food arrived and the bonus was it tasted great.  My corn tamale was fluffy and fresh, which I can't say for other places.  My chicken taco was not greasy which is hard to find.  We will go back!
5	This place was amazing! I loved the decor, it felt very warm and welcoming. I don't know why people are giving this place such a bad review. This is going to by our new spot for dates and dinner. We were so happy with how friendly our server was we gave him a $20 tip. That never happens.
4	The menudo is very good, and the chorizo con huevos was great!
2	Went once. Las Fuentas is sooooo much better! No need to go back here
5	Tried the red menudo this morning, and it was awesome.
3	The food is pretty average with the exception of their beef soup (caldo de Rez) and the menudo. This place is a little pricy but the ambiance is nice, so go in and try the two dishes I recommend and you can't miss
5	Awesome Mexican food!  I'm from the Midwest, and I love authentic Mexican!  This place is always a must stop and eat!! My husband lives the El Tico!
2	It is OK. Nothing great and nothing horrible. Service lacks a bit. Food is so so. Go once try it if you like it go again. f you don't like it don't go back. I say it is so so..Wife and daughter like it more than I do.
1	This is going to be one of the hardest reviews I will ever do! Rio Mirage have been our family favorite since we moved to Surprise three years ago. Yes, it started off with a bump in the road. But this local gem have seen us three to four times a month on a regular bases! Every time we have family visiting, we would bring them to Rio Mirage! This is how much we have loved this place! Sadly, we had a recent issue. And if any of you yelpers out there think I am in the wrong? Please do not hesitate and message me! On Jan. 31st, wife and myself was having dinner at Rio Mirage. We noticed a posted sign advertising a Superbowl platter @ $29.95 each. My wife knowing her work was going to have a company party on Feb. 10th. She decided to order five platters, large rice, large beans,  salsa, and chips. Totaling over $400.00, we asked since she was paying for the order that day. Can we get the Superbowl special price? We were told no! Rio Mirage said the platters special were for the Superbowl only. Since the company party was a week after the Superbowl, we had to pay regular price. Even though she paid before the Superbowl?My wife went ahead and placed the order, and still pre-paid the order. Now this is were we are upset about! I have called Rachel Gomez who owns Rio Mirage, and is their corporate contact twice and left a voice mail, I have left two messages on their website, I have sent Rachel an e-mail. All of this since Feb. 1st. As of today! Feb. 12th, we still have not received any replies from Rio Mirage!! This really saddens me, the crew they have working their is great! Always nice, fast, and really try to service you! We have gotten to know JC! The best waiter around, he also tends the bar! But now we have a very bad taste from the management and owners. Regular price on the platters are $40.00 each. Not making a big deal about the $10.00 difference per platter. But a $50.00 difference is not going to make or break this restaurant, Our biggest issue is no one every got back to us about this?At the bottom of their "About Us" page on their website states:"Alex and I will always strive to deliver the best food, service, and truly desire to make your every visit a memorable one."Rachel! With you ignoring our phone calls, messages, and e-mails. This is one statement you truly do not believe in!
3	Average service and average mexican food. Great if you're close but nothing to go out of your way for.
5	Best mexican food in town love the staff and atmosphere
4	I was never a fan of ANY Mexican food until I began to frequent Rio (both this one and the "mother-ship" down in El Mirage).  They have changed my mind by being so accommodating with my very specific order requests.  Since I do not eat veggies or any "rabbit food", Mexican food can be a challenge BUT Rio always listens and makes it perfectly!  I also love that they only use white-meat chicken for their entrees!  Often visit Rio 2-3 times per month and 99% of the staff are WONDERFUL!   The only reason for not giving a 5 star rating is that since the last super-friendly manager ( who knew our first names immediately when we walked in the door and often visited our table to chat)  left last year, we have yet to even meet the new manager. (?) That "face" needs to be easily visible to the patrons again :)
5	My daughter and I like to go to Rio Mirage Cafe. The service is always fast and friendly and the food is amazing! We love the atmosphere too, the murals and the feeling of this place are as authentic as the food!
4	I have been going back to Rio Mirage once again, management got  a hold of me. We were able to discuss the situation. Again, I was never asking for anything! Food and service were never an issue. We discussed the problem, management gave me an reason, and everything is fine. Rachel admitted there is a problem with their website and getting her messages off the website is not the easiest way. The only reason why she knew there was an problem, was reading my review on yelp! Once she knew there was an issue, she messaged me right away! I could accept that, and will move on! Rio Mirage can expect me there once a week again! Glad to be back!
4	My family and I come here all the time. We have tried a variety of things on the menu and have always been satisfied. I am not Mexican so I do not claim to know what authentic Mexican food taste like but I do know what good food tastes like we are always happy when we come here. The staff is always friendly and there is plenty of seating. The drinks are good and the food is always prepared well with large portions.Overall this place will not blow you away but it is a good place for family lunch or dinner.
4	My favorite place for enchiladasI order the same thing every time I'm here, standing joke that I even look at the menu. Enchiladas! Paul loves the creme of poblano soup, winter only.
2	Staff good! Decor is awesome! Food is gross & greasy! Salsa is the only good thing! I wouldnt go back!
1	I give it a one for the fact my buddy and I did not shit our pants on the way home... That being said, it was due entirely to the extreme efforts our colons put forth!!   DO NOT EAT HERE UNLESS YOU LIKE MILD FOOD POISONING!
4	Still about the only place I will eat as far as Mexican food (unless we are up for a drive to Wickenburg). Food quality is very consistent and my white meat Chicken enchiladas never disappoint. The family and I love Rio!Still have yet to meet or even be able to identity the "Newer" Manager (which is a bit of a disappointment) but our favorite server Ramone always takes GREAT care of us, thank goodness. If Ramone is not already on the path to upper management of some sort, he should be! He is Flawless as a server and he personality is wonderful! We never wait or want for anything when he is tending to our table.Thanks Rio for serving Surprise well.
1	I have not been here since 8/10/12. Today we stopped by and had lunch. The food tasted good the service was good but about 20-30 minutes after eating we were all sick. We had bad cramps and to put it nice it was coming right out. Don't think I will be back called and left a message to have a manager call but never heard anything back from one. Will let you know if I hear anything.
5	Chips and salsa were excellent. Wife and I both had fish tacos , and they were great as well. Very reasonably priced, and the margaritas were tasty too. I had the standard blended with salt and wife had a strawberry one that she said was good too. We were on vacation in phx of the holiday and wanted some good Mexican....go you won't be disappointed. Service was excellent too!
1	I've been here a few times, but I will never go back there again. Do to a large part of management and ownership. As I waited I've seen their employees get chewed out in Front of  customers by this woman who seems to be the owner. I don't think she's ever been to management training, but I got the feeling that she doesn't know what she's doing. She's seems stuck up and rude. As for the food, it's mediocre at best. The service by the waiters is good. They do have good chips and salsa. But I would not support establishment that does not treat their employees well.
1	Here is my tip.   If you are in the area, don't be lazy and just drive the extra few miles to the El Mirage one.   I am sure they make a buck here having set up in the snowbird mecca intersection for 6 months out of the year.  But this place is terrible.Night and day between here and El Mirage.   Staff is terrible, including managers/owners(?).  Sever was a jerk.  Food was greasy and disgusting.  The "hot sauce" I asked for instead of salsa came in a little plastic cup and looked like dishwater.  Chips were stale.  I could go on and on....and everything at the other location is exact opposite!  Stay away from this one.
3	The food here is decent as well as the service. I moved here from Chicago about 8 months ago and I still haven't found a good Mexican restaurant. This place is better than the other Mexican restaurants I've tried so far. However, the food could use a little more flavoring and more juiciness. Hopefully I can find a better Mexican restaurant soon.
3	pretty good but not amazing, probably best surprise has to offer for mexican food
2	Use to love this place... Service and food have gone downhill, while prices have continued to go up.
5	I loved this place!! Best Mexican I have ever had the pleasure to consume!! Margaritas are mummy. They have a Mariachi band!!! Made me smile. ** I went to the el mirage location I didn't know there was more than one!!!!!
5	Our favorite Mexican Restaurant! Good food and Good prices. Never had a bad experience and we go there weekly.
1	my girlfriend and i have been there twice, and twice we have gotten upset stomachs, there were green bugs in the menus, friendly people, but get passed off to a different person both times, stay away from this place
4	It was a little on the warm side in the restaurant but it is 117 out in august. The service was fantastic, we had drinks at the bar while we waited to be seated. The bartender was very friendly. I had the fajita chimichanga and my husband had the El Rico with steak. Both items were flavorful and well prepared. The El Rico is spicy so beware.
4	Try the tortilla soup! So delicious. Also, great steal fajitas. I mostly come here for the soup though.
5	I'm going to give this place five stars because it is in surprise. So far the best Mexican food I've tried here which isn't saying much considering I've been to Macayos and that place is awful. Any other place like southern Cali I'd still give it a 4. Ordered the rio Rico burrito( I think that's what it's called) with shrimp for 16.50 and oh my yum was it delicious!! Every bite had big juicy shrimp, mushrooms, peppers, onions, and the sauce was amazing. It came with refried beans and rice which were good as well. The chips and salsa were delicious too. All in all everything was delicious and we will be back again. It's better than a-ok. Service- great and attentive.Cleanliness- good. I know good Mexican food and what I had tonight was it.
4	I'm glad I did not see the negative reviews as I would not have even tried this place. I had a red chili beef tamale and a beef taco. The tamale was REALLY  good, taco was average. The beans and rice were great and the service was good too. No complaints. Would eat there again.
5	I love consistency. This place always performs. Wish the Creme de Poblano was around more often. The El Rico is my go to and their salsa is perfect.
4	I have been to this particular location about 5 times and I have finally narrowed down their best.  The El Rico is the best!  It is an easy 5 stars.  Everything else there ranges from 2.75 to 4 stars.  The staff are always friendly and they had a singer that had an acoustic guitar that would sing for everyone.  He was cool but I haven't seen him in a while.  I absolutely recommend this place.
5	Rio Mirage is great!  It is one of our regular stops for lunch or dinner.  Good food that is always served piping hot. The best Salsa in the area.But most of all the service & servers are friendly, helpful & go above & beyond to make sure you have a positive dining experience.Give it a try!
5	I LOVE this place.... my husband and I just found it and can't believe I have lived here all these years and have been missing out on such FABULOUS food!
4	This place is great! The food is awesome the service is very friendly. Had a great time! :)
4	This seriously is one of the best Mexican restaurants in town. The food was delicious, my husband had the Rico burrito and I had the chicken fajita burrito both were excellent. The chips and salsa was also really good. We loved the decor, service was great. It is a bit pricey though. Overall, great experience.
4	Mmmmmm what a fun and authentic Mexican restaurant. This type of food is always our go to choice when going our to dinner, so why not try every different place? I just love the decor and atmosphere here. My husband and I ordered the guacamole dip and since it was sooo stinkin hot and we were at a late lunch early dinner time of the day we shared the steak fajitas. It was more than enough food for us to split and they could have rolled us out the door we were so stuffed! The steak was super tender, the veggies were fresh and most importantly for Arizona summers, the a/c was crankin Great place, we will definitely return!
5	This place came highly recommended and for good reason.  It is a standout in Mexican food...not you're typical Mexican.  So delicious and great service including the manager walking around and ensuring customers are doing well.
5	This place probably has the best Mexican food I've had in Surprise, AZ. It has a wonderful atmosphere and decor and the food is always hot and delicious. Just a warning, you better come hungry. The portions are huge. The nachos literally come on a pizza pan and are enough for 4 people, lol. The soups are awesome and taste homemade. I definitely judge a Mexican restaurant by their salsa and chips and Rio Mirage has some of the best. Their salsa is very fresh and I love the cilantro in it and the chips are always warm and fresh.Bottom line, you won't be disappointed and you'll leave with a full belly and a smile on your face. Great place to take the family or a special someone for a romantic date.
5	Benita WykertEight of us went to lunch at this wonderful restaurant. Every plate was not only pleasing to the eye but to the palate as well. The portions were more than abundant and the service was excellent. There was even a singing guitarist that entertained us both in Spanish an English.  Every employee at this restaurant made sure to welcome us and make sure we had everything we needed even though we weren't in their area.  It's agreed that it was the best Mexican food in the area. A+ from our table.
5	Great meal! Go early on a weekend or go later! Dinner is a rush with the snowbirds here!
3	Although I prefer the original location in El Mirage, this location is a solid spot to visit. I can't put my finger on it, but the food at the El Mirage location is just a bit better and the service is just a bit more efficient. Not that the food or service here is bad. Maybe it's just something about the original. I don't know. You will get a solid meal here with no-nonsense service. Your drinks will be kept full, and you will leave feeling satisfied.
5	This is my new hometown spot!  Just moved to Surprise a year ago and have fallen in love with Rio Mirage.  The service has been great each and every time, the food hot, delievred quickly, and the margs - yummy.  Affordable too.  My cousin and I hit up Rio Mirage every couple of months for margaritas and everytime, we get the coolest server.  They're so friendly and engaging.  I strongly recommend Rio Mirage!
