1	What a terrible choice we made going with this one.  This lil seafood restaurant in the old Aladdin Desert Passage/new Miracle Mile Shops is right next to the water feature in the mall that has a thunder and lightening storm every 30 minutes.The waiter took our drink and food orders all out of whack.  He would take a drink order from one person, but skip their food order.  Then the next person he would take their food order but not their drink order.  He didn't write anything down in the beginning, then once he got half way through our group of 6, he grabbed a drink napkin off our table and started asking people to repeat their orders.  It took him a good 20 minutes just to get our order into the kitchen.It took about 30 minutes for the first plate to come out, which was a steamed clam entree.  It took another 20 minutes or so for the salads and appetizers to come out.  Then another 30 minutes or so for all the other entrees to come out.  I'm not exaggerating this wait either... cause that damn thunderstorm kept going off.  My steamed clams were super salty.  The hubby ordered a Mediterranean salad with grilled salmon.  What he got was a Caesar salad with grilled chicken.  But by the time it arrived he had already been waiting over an hour and was starving so he ate it anyways.  My friend's shrimp scampi were so overcooked they were like rubber.  They just threw the cocktail shrimp on a warm plate making them very unappetizing.  Oh, wait, I just thought of something I can designate the obligatory 1 star to...  they have Stella on tap...  Other than that we were just completely dissatisfied with the whole experience.
1	If I could give this place a negative star rating I would.  This is by far the worst restaurant I have ever attended.  First off, the wait was terrible.  We waited an hour before our entrees came out.  Just like the previous reviewer mentioned, we counted the number of times the thunder storm came on, about 5 times.  The waiter never came around to apologize nor explain the long wait.  Our water was never refilled.  Although I finally encountered the manager to report the problem, he came back 10 minutes later with no explanation and a weak apology.  The food was served at that moment.  That was the next disaster.  The chicken of my friend's chicken pasta came out overcooked and black.  I ordered a 6 oz. filet mignon and eggs and replaced the potatoes with fruit...misadvertised since the supposed filet mignon was just regular flank.  I got potatoes instead of fruit.  When I told the waiter that I had  ordered fruit, he did not apologize and in fact when he went to the kitchen I could see him glaring at me from across the restaurant....talk about creepy.  To top off the 2+ hour lunch, we received a bill with an unaccounted 3rd extra drink, nonadvertised drink refill charges, and a 18% gratuity (also not advertised).  When we told the waiter that he charged us an extra drink and that we were not informed about the extra refill charges he scoffed and told us that he would correct the mistakes.  No apologies again.  Of course, he didn't get the 18%...he's lucky he even got a dollar.  They're lucky we even stayed just to pay for their crappy food and service.
2	Why the hell did I eat here? I read the negative reviews for this place, yet I was stubborn enough to give it a chance. I brought my wife here because we were craving oysters. It was 5pm and it was happy hour (the only positive part of this experience), so we settled for it. The fellow yelpers are correct: the service is very, very slow. It took forever to get our drinks and to order our food. What I don't get is receiving the appetizers along with the entrees. What was the point of that? For appetizers, I ordered the half dozen oysters, and for my entree, I ordered the scallop scampi. Both were delicious and extremely expensive. It cost me $12 for six oysters and $25 for the scallop scampi. I still did not understand the concept on why we were there too long. Were they trying to sell the boring rainstorm? Whatever the reason is, if you decide to dine here, expect slow service from melancholy servers. Skip it by all means.
1	Ooh.  Um... THE SUCK...The few of us who somehow woke before noon walked about the Miracle Mile shops in search of some breakfast eats.  Unfortunately, we stumbled upon this joint and had too little mental acuity to give it a once over before deciding...The decor and theme would be perfect if it were an outdoor restaurant, not so much under a faux sky in a darkened corner of a mall.Service was responsive, though that probably had a lot to do with us being only the second party in the establishment.  Our server did comp me a grapefruit juice when it turned out that they weren't out...But the menu.  Ech.  Not a one (of the four of us) were happy with our meals.  Yes, its primarily a seafood and wine bar, but REALLY?  How do you screw up AND be chintzy on breakfasts and salads?  I dare say, I've had better for cheaper at Denny's...
3	Food was very good.  Had an oyster sampler plate with various types.  Salmon was cooked to perfection.  Overall a fine choice.
2	Came here for lunch with my friends by default - we were shopping around Miracle Mile and all 6 of us were indecisive on where to eat and decided after walking 2 rounds of the mall to just eat here because everyone was starving.  Unfortunately I didn't order any oysters or seafood - my review is merely based on their lunch specials as we all ordered off of that menu.  I had an angel hair pasta - I forget what it was called just as unmemorable the dish was.  I literally had to add 3-4 heaping spoonfuls of chili flakes to make this dish have flavor.  It was plain pasta and sauce for $12 and a small portion.  I would justify the price if it was filling and flavorful, but in this case it wasn't.  My other friends commented that their meals were just ok.  If you are in Vegas, there are a plethora of good restaurants.  Just avoid this as I will do my next trip.
3	Had filet mignon and oysters here, and it wasn't that bad. Was a little scared when we walked into the place, sat down, ordered, and _then_ I yelped the place on the Treo.Filet mignon was cooked well, although they got my order wrong and I had actually ordered the filet mignon with chicken.Maybe we got them on a good day?
2	Eh.  I don't know.Food was okay... drinks were super duper strong, to the point of almost nastiness.  I don't think I would try to come back here.
1	Worst. Restaurant. Ever.Moldy food (rolls should never be green. How do you not notice that before/while bringing out food?). Atrocious service. Then they have the audacity to charge for it.This being Vegas let's make odds on what will happen first: the health departmet shuts them down OR the incompetent management bankrupts them. This place only survives on sucker tourists.
4	This is actually one of my favorite places in Vegas for happy hour and oysters... I will say that I've never had a meal here, but my husband and I have had appetizers at the bar at least 5 times now over the past few years.  The bartender is always super-friendly and attentive and the oysters and soups have always been wonderful.  Even the chef shucking the oysters has been really nice to us.  In my opinion, it's at least worth a try for a late-afternoon snack and drinks. The happy hour specials ($10.95 for 6 oysters and 2-for-1 drinks) make it worth trying...
1	I wish I had read other people's review before I went there.The service was horrible.  After ordering our drink, we put in our food order right away.  It took a while for the waiter to bring our drinks. (diet coke, ice tea and a beer)  We noticed that the restaurant isn't that big and it seem they had enough wait staff, however, it took 20 min before we finally get our drink.  We waited 45 min and didn't see our food.  I saw a table that sat down after us already finished either food and paid.  Mind you we ordered oyster on the half shell.  Does it require any cooking???? why did it take 45 min?  Anyways, we told the waiter to not bother with our food and we want to leave.  It was totally his fault for not putting the food order b/c he said our food will be out in 20 min.. I guess after we asked about our food, they started cooking the pasta we ordered.  The waiter was rude about it, he dropped off our drink check and just left.  There was no apology what so ever.um... with the kind of service, I wonder if they will be in business for long.
4	My husband and I had a pretty good meal here last week.  The whole decor was a little cheesy and reminded me of the crazy restaurant John Candy and his family go to in "Summer Rental."  The waiter was nice, although the service was not so quick.  For an appetizer, my husband ordered a half dozen oysters (one of the particular reasons we chose the restaurant) and I ordered an eight-dollar bowl of lobster bisque.  Of course, they were not as good as the seafood we could get right here in New England (and if I were a native New Englander, I wouldn't have ordered seafood in the middle of the desert).  Our favorite part of the meal were the entrees.  We ordered the filet mignon special for $19.99, which included mashed potatoes and steamed veggies.  We both ordered the filets cooked medium rare, and mine was a bit on the rarer side but I loved it anyway.  Maybe our meal was a fluke, too, compared the other reviews.  A final note-- the rainstorm that happened in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops near the restaurant was just strange.
5	Totally unexpected!!! Just happened to pass it by while shopping in the miracle mile. I had the stuffed salmon and my wife had the chicken marsala. Both dishes were amazing. Our waiter John was great and Filipo the manager picked a perfect italian wine togo with our dinner. This resturant is Las Vegas's best kept secret.
4	I've eaten here twice, and the hands down winner of the place is the lobster bisque.  I'm a big soup fan, and this is excellent bisque.The place serves up sandwiches and the like, and most are tasty enough and filling.  I had to take home some food as the portions are pretty sizable.  I tried the Cajun chicken.  The meat was tasty, but I think it has a little too much bread for its own good, which filled me up more than the rest of the sandwich.They just got Guinness in as a drink choice, and while happy for that, they serve it in a can.  I'm not trying to be snobby, but I would have preferred it on tap as I think that's when the drink is at its best.  If you eat there, I would recommend outside seating.  It's fun to people watch, and the restaurant is right next to the Desert Passage's rainstorm effect, which I think provides for a better atmosphere.Both times, the service has been pleasant, and the waiters are friendly.  This isn't my favorite dining experience in Vegas, but like I said, a little bisque can go a long way.
4	This review is for drinks only.  A few of us decided to go to a buffet, and the others decided to spend their money on drinks.  They were initially going to order a bottle of wine, but the bartender informed them it would be much wiser of them to purchase by the glass since it was "Happy House" at the bar (All the time).  Once the rest of us arrived, a friend ordered a glass of wine and then he complained to our friends that they didn't inform him that mixed drinks were also only $5, the bartender overheard him whining and dumped his glass of wine out and told him to pick something he would actually enjoy drinking.  The service of the bartender was excellent, he gave us a few tips on places to go / things to do and was very good.  I would definitely come back for drinks again, and sit at the bar.
4	**Sorry I'm posting so late I went May 31st**The food is great, service is nice as well. The portions aren't that big for the prices but hey it's still good. I ordered the chicken Parm, it was good for the moment but I was very hungry at that point in time so I do wish they gave more. But it was 12am & they were open so they satisfied the hunger itch. They also make one hell of a Long Island Iced Tea!I'd go again if necessary.
2	Came here for lunch hoping for some decent food and a place to watch the World Cup matches since they had TV's. The hostess seated us at the bar which was fine but I'm not sure if they forgot about people still wanting to order food at the bar as it took us nearly an hour to get our food!Luckily the bartender tried to salvage the situation and offered our group free drinks but it went downhill afterwards with sub-par food for the price. We all tried something different and portions were small and the food was far too simple for what we were expecting (but at that point we were starving and would've eaten anything). I guess we should've known better to go to a restaurant inside a mall!
4	Before I chose this restaurant I yelped it to see the reviews. I believe anything 3 stars and up is good, and so I decided to eat here with my wife instead of the 2 star yelped ranked restaurant directly across. The place seemed cozy like a mom and pops, and the service was awesome. The supervisor even gave my wife and I a paper copy of the recipe for the dipping sauce for the complimentary bread. We had the fried calamari, fried oyster, and the Prince Edward Mussels in the white wine variety which was amazing btw.  We could have probably done great with just the last two mentioned. The calamari portions were more than enough and in big chunks. Marinara sauce for the calamari could have been less watery though.  In the end, I'd recommend this restaurant to family and friends who want a break from shopping for a seafood bite to eat. I'd eat here again.
1	This review is long overdue.It was our first night in town and the worst dinner ever. Way over priced! Their "New York" steak was a sirloin. Went to the Triple George the next night and got a better meal for $40 less with drinks and dessert. Oh, and the waiter was two feet from my chair for the whole meal. You might think this would be a good thing but it was kind of creepy.
2	I was rather disappointed with this place. We sat down and the waitress was very nice but it took over an hour from ordering our food to actually receiving it. When I did receive my Cajun chicken sandwich it was an over seasoned, minuscule piece of chicken enveloped in a roll that was thee times the size of the meat. The chicken its self really shouldn't be called Cajun since it was a spicy over-seasoned mess and really had no flavor. My friends complained about their dishes sharing the same misfortune. The fries that came with my dish seemed to be store bought and sprinkled with the same generic Cajun seasoning. There was nothing special about this place aside from the delicious local micro-brew hefeweizen they had on bottle. In all I'd just avoid this place and look elsewhere for lunch, the price wasn't bad but you can still find better for less.
4	Sat at the bar and had the happy hour specials.  I got a glass of shiraz which was very very good   Had the sesame ahi which was excellent.  Wife had the ahi salad which was also great.  Service was fast and friendly. Tried the tiramisu and it was heavy and custardy.  A bit too sweet for me.
1	I hate to give any business a one star rating, particularly if the staff has been friendly,  but the quality of the food here is pretty bad.Me and my partner went for dinner the week before Christmas.We were in town for a week.  This was the worst meal we had.Waiter was very enthusiastic.  There were no service problems.  The hostess out front was charming.Partner had the oysters.   He's quite the oyster eater, almost always ordering them in any seafood place.  He says they were among the worst he's had.  By and large for him it was a temperature thing.  Oysters are far better if they are really cold.  Some of his were pretty much room temperature.I had the calamari appetizer. It was piping hot, if somewhat bland.  Large chunks of calamari, in a very light and tasteless batter.He had the fish and chips entree.  I had the bacon-wrapped scallops.His was, as he put it, frozen Mrs. Pauls fish stick quality.  Bland.  Unfresh (if that's a word).  My scallops were possibly the saltiest things I've ever put in my mouth.   And they had a slightly funky 'maybe they sat out all day' sortof taste.   The side vegetables were overcooked and bland.The bathroom is pretty dirty.  A dirty bathroom in a seafood restaurant doesn't instill much confidence.I honestly wouldn't have been surprised to wake up the next day with food poisoning.Dinner for two (no drinks) was around $70.  FAR too much for substandard seafood. In a normal mall in a normal city maybe you'd just say 'eh' and consider it a lesson learned.But this is Vegas, with literally unlimited dining choices.You can do far, far better.  The funny thing is, when we sat down we had an uneasy feeling about the place, so we checked the Yelp reviews.  But we didn't heed them.  Our mistake.Right down the corridor is Pampass, the Brazilian all you can eat steakhouse.  I didn't get a chance to try it, as I opted for Oyster Bay instead.  I regret that choice.  If you are reading this review outside Oyster Bay, check out Pampass instead.
4	Disclaimer:  This is a limited review based on sitting at the bar.  We didn't actually eat a full meal.We got here late on a Thursday evening.  We just wanted to sit at a bar and have a glass of wine after my friend had checked in at WG Towers.The bar was busy, but we were able to get seats.  It took a little while to get our wine order, but they did apologize numerous times, and we were having fun catching up anyway so it wasn't a big deal.In addition we decided to order 1/2 dozen PEI oysters.  Before our oysters were served, they brought out bread and the Parmesan dipping oil.  That was sooo good!Our wine was pretty good for being a happy hour wine.  I had no complaints.All in all, I enjoyed my visit.  The service was attentive and in a fairly timely manner.  I enjoyed the wine, bread, and oysters.  It was a good stop.
3	Decent food, great service.  HUGE margaritas, and not stingy with the booze.  We got the lobster tail and crab legs.  The lobster was sweet, if a bit dry.  Crab was very good quality.
2	A bit late for Breakfast buffet...and a little too early for BIG buffet.  The crew decides to eat a simple breakfast before we start day 2 of LV 2011.  It's a small restaurant in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops and the decor made it look like a spot on the pier/port.  Hmm....sure did took them a while to bring our water and menus :(The restaurant only had our table to serve, yet...they were a bit slower than I expected.  By the time I ordered their California Omelet to the time our dishes came....a good 20-25 minutes.  Bummmmm ER!A few of my buddies ordered coffee and it was...not as dark as it suppose to be.  They brought that to the attention of our waitress and her response was..."oh, those are Italian coffee...it's suppose to be that color"Hhaha...their facial expression after that comment was priceless.Granted, they did make a new batch of coffee just for our table and the food tasted decent.  But the service sucked so bad with the fact that they are competing with 100s of restaurants in Las Vegas....they go to step up their game!!! I'm definitely not coming back here with so many choices to pick here :(
4	Like many places in Las Vegas, this place is overpriced. But I am on an expense account, so it does not matter today.Service was quite good. It probably helped that we had a Italian waiter and an attractive lady in our group. Food, especially the oysters, we also above average. Overall a quite pleasant experience.
1	As we walked in the staff were very welcoming. However, out waiter was extremely rude and condescending. He seemed to help everyone else around us but our table. The food was ok. My friend ordered the lobster bisque and there was no trace of lobster. It tasted like creamy tomato basil. If you order shrimp or chicken to a dish expect to pay $6.00-$8.00 extra. I recommend trying another restaurant in this mall!!
4	The first time I splashed down here was on my first visit to Vegas.  One of my gal pals had suggested going to Vegas shopping.  I was incredulous, "What are we going to shop for,"  I replied, "Bumper stickers?"  "No, really," she promised me, they have tons of stores.Days later, in the midst of a purse and shoe shopping frenzy at what was then the Aladdin, we fell into seats under the tiki hut type awning of the Oyster Bay restaurant.  It felt like home.  Between being a Chesapeake Bay type seafood house, and being run by the New York Scotto family, they were hitting on all my childhood food memories.Order the SEAFOOD people!  They feature the simple, unassuming perfectly cooked type of seafood dishes found in Maryland seafood houses.  White table clothes, traditional choices like fried shrimp, shrimp with linguine, or the lobster bisque, served by somewhat brusque, yet efficient and professional waiters, makes Oyster Bay a classic.  The waiters warm right up if you chat with them.Last night I had delicious Shrimp Frances with a mild batter, and scalloped potatoes that were as rich as dream.Good, stiff drinks from a full bar, also make the people watching priceless.  The Sex on a Balcony reminds me of New Orleans.The unexpected addition of a typical late afternoon type Chesapeake Bay thunderstorm, adds to the authentic atmosphere. They are open long hours, and this is now always my first stop in Vegas.
1	I wish I could rate this place lower than 1 star. My friends and I should have known it would be bad when we were looking at the menu outside and the hostess asked us if we had looked at the menus at the other restaurants in the miracle mile shops. The waiter could not explain the specials, was very slow and inattentive. Food at best was average. Two in my party had a meat lasagna special and the entire entree contained maybe half a bite of meat. Two other guests had entrees with mashed potatoes that had to have been the instant kind out of a box. One friend took one bite of her fish entree and didn't want anymore. She actually changed her mind when ordering and the waiter said she made a good decision b/c it was so much better than the 1st choice. We can't imagine how horrible that entree was. I would never return here and wish it hadn't been the last place I ate during my latest vegas trip. Save your money and eat elsewhere.
3	@planethollywoodlv @oyster bay enjoying great service , Food, and a nice lunch time crowd . Good job  !
4	Went here for dinner last night and was pleasantly surprised. The service was attentive and timely. I ordered a half dozen oysters. I was served a plate of select, large and delicious blue points. We had seared sesame tuna with scalloped potatoes and a vegetable medley. The tuna was superb. It was ahi grade with no connective tissue and it was excellent. The potatoes and vegetables were perfectly prepared and very tasty. All in all a very good value
4	I don't know why this place has such bad reviews -- I loved it. And I'm from San Francisco and Los Angeles, so it's not like I'm used to different standards.SERVICE:Our waiter was great. He was always courteous, always checked on us, and joked around with our group, too. I have absolutely zero complaints about him.DRINKS:We had a bottle of a dry New Zealand white. Can't go wrong with that. Went with the food perfectly, and the $50 price tag wasn't overpriced for the quality. (They had plenty of options in the $20-$30 range, as well.)FOOD:Loved the oysters. Very fresh and tasty, and come with everything you might want on the side. The steamed mussels and fried calamari were also excellent appetizers. By the way, THE APPETIZERS ARE BIG. Great to split for 2 people.As for the entree, the seafood Cioppino was excellent. Great mix of seafood in a delicious sauce. (Also very large portion -- great to split).
2	Kudos on serving breakfast during non-breakfast hours, but the service was lacking.We had the cravings for some steak and eggs and this place does serve up the steak and eggs. For $15, you get a 6 oz steak, couple of eggs to order, potatoes, and your choice of bread. The food was decent. I mean, you're eating at the mall, so you're getting a slightly better mall food because it is a restaurant. Although, I am being slightly facetious. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ChQmxnYLSVIQkL8Ct8z55A?select=uK0GR8rEOGw2r0Lm9nlbtwOur server Vanessa was friendly, but new and as such, our order took longer then expected, telling us several times that our order "will be here in a few minutes" They also screwed my credit card receipt too as she explained to me, "don't worry about" But after a discussion amongst the group, further investigation was required and we got their manager to intervene and finally at that point, I was satisfied with the steps they've made to fix the credit card mishap. Satisfied...yes, but overall, what a waste of a time. We could have been already drunk by then.But other than that, this place has a bar too, serves oysters, and walking distance to many stores in the Miracle Mile mall.
5	The food at this place is excellent. We had a large party and they were able to accommodate us quickly. The drinks are great, they taste weak at first, next thing you know you're slurring. They are strong believe me. Their desserts are very good. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the waiter. He was a bit of a jerk, friendly, but arrogant.
3	While walking around looking at all of the special boards and menus, this place seemed decently priced, at least for the specials. Plus we had a coupon for a free cocktail. We all ended up getting things off of the specials menu and got an extra to eat as an appetizer. The appetizer was raw oysters, and there were two different kinds. I called them the fat ones and the small ones - though, I'm not sure where in Vegas they would get fresh oysters... oh well, anyway.... one friend ended up getting an ahi tuna salad. After much discussion about why they would sear salmon instead of cooking it other ways, she finished her entire meal, leaving the two of us in the dust. I don't even think she was that hungry, but I guess it was just a salad and some strips of tuna. She made it seem like it was really good nonetheless. I ended up getting a chicken pesto on penne. Reminded me so much of Gypsy's back in Berkeley. And though this one was good, it just wasn't as good as the Gypsy's one. I will say that the chicken was better in this one though, but the pesto sauce itself is better at Gypsy's. Maybe it's just more creamy there or something, but all the pesto sauces I get at other places just seem to thin in comparison. It was a ton of food, and we ended up bringing it all back to San Jose with us. I just ate it yesterday for lunch. YUM. Pasta as leftovers is always good. My other friend got Baked Ziti - it was good too. I had a noodle. We had a conversation about penne vs. ziti and how we thought ziti was just penne with straight cut edges. Turned out that here, penne was the same as ziti, so we felt dumb, but it was funny. Ended up bringing some of this back home too. I wasn't the only one to not finish my meal hoorah! There was also bread with a dipping sauce they gave us that was really good too.Overall, had a good time.
4	OYSTER SHOTS! They have some great oysters here that make for a great starter!Great place to come to if you have a group of 8 to 10, but also still great to come if it's just you and you want to suck down some oysters and have a glass of whiskey. They have as fresh as you can get oysters in Las Vegas. I did find it funny that their oyster monger had never been to the Ocean, but his knowledge of oysters was great, he even let me sample each one so I could choose the optimal dozen, which I appreciated because they had 4 different kinds and each one was TOTALLY different and the ones I thought I'd like were not my favorite at all...The only thing I mark a star down is their seafood special (the lobster, crab, clams, etc.. was only ok) It might have been because that was when we had 12 people and mine was just steamed seafood, and everyone else's took longer to make so mine was sitting a little longer than I wanted. Still good though, yeah, still good.Check out here and sit at the bar and get buddy buddy with the bartender/oyster monger and you'll have a great $50 meal!
3	This restaurant is alright. A little pricey.They servce breakfast all day, which is awesome! We tried the lobster bisque, it was really good!!! Really creamy, sweet and savory. The calamari casserole was okay. It tasted cold, the squid was chewy, the spaghetti seemed like it was not cooked right. The mariniara wasn't think or hearty, but really runny. The blood mary was $11.00, totally not worth it. I've had better bloody mary drinks in OC I would try it again for the breakfast next time.
4	Good food, good service and good company!Our server (forgot his name :() was great! He was extremely nice, very attentive and threw out a few compliments to me and my girls :)The bread and olive oil was good but the main courses were great! We all had something different. I got the 1/2 King Crab legs which came with mash potatoes, my best friend got the Mediterranean pasta (thats not the real name but it does have Mediterranean in the title lol.) and our other friend got the chicken alfredo. Each person was satisfied with their meal. We would definitely go back next time in Vegas.
1	Our worst meal of the weekend.   Fish and chips only came with 2 small pieces of fish and were very dry.  Our friends got a chicken sandwhich that was dominated by the bread.  Seriously, there was barely any chicken yet the bread on the sandwich was enormous.  Would not recommend
2	the only vegetarian option they had for me was the eggplant pasta. It was very hearty and sour. Wished they had more of an option for veggies but eh, what should i be expect right...My gf had the scallops and it was full of dirt, I asked if that was suppose to be like  that to add that extra "ocean-like" kick..She responded NO! It means they didnt wash it well and that is a big No No, but she didnt want to bug them about remaking another dish so she just didnt say anything and ate the stuff around it. safe to say i will probably wont be coming back.
4	Stopped by craving breakfast at 1PM. Service was awesome. Very good food and the prices were reasonable considering where we were. Definitely left feeling good.
3	this place is nestled inside the miles shop of Planet Hollywood. a cute indoor / outdoor restaurant. i've never been to Paris but i would imagine it to be quite similar. it's romantic backdrop, floral decor, cute waiters, and dimmed light gets you in the mood to order some wine/champagne/cocktails even before looking at the menu. We ordered crab cakes, whole lobster linguine, soup, oysters, chicken. i enjoyed the food!
1	HORRIBLE! STAY AWAY!!!The breakfast SUCKED. My blueberry pancakes weren't even real pancakes. They weren't fluffy, the mix was some nasty mush, it's like fried in a preform pan - not fluffed up on a griddle. The service sucked too as our waiter was rude and wasn't even able to give us his attention for a sentence. Worst over priced $11 crap pancakes I've ever had!
5	I'm a big fan of this place. I always go to 2 restaurants when I'm in Vegas, this is one of them.2 kinds of Oysters, the coconut shrimp. This place is awesome.
3	Had the fish and chips for lunch. In all honesty it was just ok, not great. I was hoping for a traditional beer battered filet but they serve it up crunchy seasoned bread style. Don't get me wrong it was tasty but it didn't hit the spot. One of my fish filets was seriously overcooked and was tough and rubbery so i didn't eat it just the yummy bread coating. The fish is served with slightly seasoned chips, aka fries that were yummy, but you really can't mess up on fries.  The staff was really friendly and service was awesome. Danny my waiter was great! I do think it was a little overpriced as well for the amount of food you get. Oyster Bay is a hit or miss.
3	We came here after a show since it was really close. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. We ordered some raw oysters on the half shell that were very tasty. The fried oysters were also tasty. They were fresh, so not fishy,but still rich. Yum! Not cheap, but at least good. The lobster bisque got mixed reviews from our table. I thought mine was okay, but the rest of our group thought it was quite salty and inedible. So, either my taste buds were having an off night, or I was so happy with the oysters that I was still on a seafood high. Not sure, but we did send back one of the bowls and they took it off the tab.  The rest of the food was not too memorable. I'd eat there again for the oysters, but not sure about the other stuff. If you like oysters, give this place a try.
5	Just there again this last weekend.Again, awesome.
1	Oysters was not fresh, had a fishy taste. Food was very salty. Clam linguini red sauce looked and tasted like it came out of a can with runny sauce. Scallops had "lobster bread crumbs" toppings, but couldn't taste the lobster and tasted like biting into a chunk of salt. Waitress said I ordered all of their best dishes...i'm a little confused as to why they all tasted so bad if they're the best???!! #headscratch
3	Located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel Mall area, this is a great venue for people watching. Our waiter suggested a great table outside the main restaurant area in order to catch the best view and it was very interesting. For food, I had the Cioppino which was excellent. Didn't have scallops, but did have plenty of clams and other shellfish. Our waiter was very attentive and provided excellent overall advice. My colleague had the steak which he said was very good.
1	Meh.  Frozen tomatoes, poorly shucked oysters and stale bread, that's really all I have to say.  Service was good tho.
4	I'm saddened that as I write this review that this place only has 2.5 stars. Really? I've always enjoyed visiting this place. I first came here years ago, before the days where I Yelped every eating establishment. Sometimes you just trust what you see and experience.Located in the Miracle Mile shops and Planet Hollywood Casino, my girlfriend and I were looking for a place on Friday for lunch in the area, and after some disappointing displays at some of the other restaurants, came here.There's something to be said about ambiance, and Oyster Bay certainly creates a very intimate setting. While the restaurant is actually indoors, there's a look and feel of a outdoor patio right on a boardwalk, from the decor of wooden posts lined with roped netting, and as diners people-watch passersby walking along the wooden flooring. Not far off is the rainstorm fountain, so the occasional thunder rolling and pouring rain can be heard in the distance, which makes you imagine you're in the southern wetlands.Our meal came out as such:Complimentary bread came with a saucer of oil, grated cheese, and vinegar. My refillable soda cost $2.95. A cup of soup (Lobster Bisque) was $4.95. A large bowl of the Clams Posillipo (topped with three slices of grilled garlic bread) was $12.95. The Capellini Pomodoro (which we substituted the angel hair pasta with fettuccine) came out $10.95.The seafood is good overall: lobster bisque and anything with clams (like the Clams Posillipo). Portion sizes are plentiful. Our waitress Monica, and overall service, was attentive and fast; the refills kept coming, the food arrived in a timely manner. I will say that the sauces on some dishes can come out to be a bit potent (the clams a little salty, the pasta a little sour), but flavorful in the right portions.No restrooms, so you'll have to find one in the mall facilities.Ignore the general consensus. This is one of the regular spots I look forward to when heading to Vegas.
3	Ehh...not a big fan of this place. The food was decent. There seemed to be a little tension between our server and the hostess. It was awkward. I had the lobster bisque and it was good but not good good. Everyone else seemed to enjoyed their food. Our server checked on us quite a bit and my aunty decided to leave her a nice little tip. Probably wouldn't come back though. There's other restaurant in the shop area we would like to give a try.
2	1 Star for our Wyoming waitress, 2nd star for the male waiter who greeted us when we walked in.  Nobody else there deserves a star.  Let's start with the food: You can't mess up Caesar salad, in fact, it had a lot of parmesan in it, so I loved it! After that, I ordered crab cakes, which seemed a little over priced for 2 tiny crab cake patties, but I'm not exactly sure ($15 for 2 small crab cakes), although they were ok, not too flavorful, but what do I know? I'm not a crab cake connoisseur.  A friend of mine told me his sandwich was dry and another friend's order was wrong, a pork instead of eggplant sandwich.One food runner ruined the name of Oyster Bay and all of their employees.  He was outright rude! 4 out of 5 of us ordered a salad with our meals, only 3 of us received salads at the same time.  When the hot food came out, they still hadn't brought out my friend's salad, so I asked the food runner if her salad order was put in, to which he responded, "I'm getting it right now, I can't carry two plates at once," with the worst attitude I have heard from anyone in the history of customer service...ever.  We waited for our food for a good half hour after we ordered, so long, that when we received it, it was luke warm and not fresh at all.  Another thing that totally turned me off about this restaurant is that their ladies restroom didn't have any soap, meaning ladies, including their employees, had to leave the restroom after handling their business to wash their hands (not cute).  We told the manager about our experience, which she pretty much told us she could not do anything about and asked for the check, which she proceeded to take another 15 minutes to give to us, but gave us a 15% discount.  I was highly dissatisfied with this restaurant, I wouldn't return if they paid me to.
3	Stopped by here to grab a half dozen oysters along with an Italian Lemon Drop. The food was decent. Oysters tasted fairly fresh, but they were kind of on the small side. The Lemon Drop was tasty and strong.Service was okay. It's a small restaurant, so it wasn't hard to flag down our waiter every time we needed something.Probably wouldn't come back here unless if I was craving seafood and couldn't wait to go elsewhere. It's conveniently located in the Miracle Mile mall.
3	This restaurant looks promising but ultimately the food didn't deliver.  They have a New England seafood shack theme going on which is very comforting with nautical decor, a decent selection of drafts on tap, and an aquarium full of oversized cramped fish looking bored over the bar.  If you sit at the bar, they have a late night happy hour with $5 beers and some food specials.  I ordered the lobster bisque and mahi mahi, but was a little disappointed in them both.  The bisque was salty but not so flavorful.  The mahi mahi though did not taste like mahi mahi to me.  It was very flaky and the skin was thick and oily.  I'm no expert but I thought it was supposed to be a meaty fish, with a chewier texture. At any rate, with other choices nearby and another seafood place next door I don't think I'd go back. Service was really good though.
4	Just went to eat at the Oyster Bay with my spouse. We were  looking for good honest italian cuisine, no fuss, no bs, just good fresh seafood and "Al dente" pasta.  We were not disappointed, in fact, overwhelmed!We ordered fried calamari and Mediterranean Linguini.  Must say, the calamari were the best, freshest, I ever had.  The linguini's served with shrimps, mussels, clams, calamari basting in a freshly made pomodori sauce spiced to our liking.  Service by Monica was attentive and efficient.  Overall, a great choice in a city were finding a good balance between quality and price is not an easy bet.For the 2 of us, total bill with two glasses of wine: 99$ plus tip.Well worth the small detour from the glitzy strip!
1	If you are looking for a bread sandwich go here, otherwise save your money and keep walking! Service was slow and the food was weak:(
1	Avoid at all costs. Horrible service and horrible food.
3	I really like this place, the food is excellent the decor nice, and I usually meet someone new to eat with.  Not this time!  I was very disappointed.  The selection of oysters was severly lacking.Tthere were only two choices, and I can get those at the local supermarket.  The Happy Hour bar specials are all gone, and the service just so so.  Apparently they have a new manager.  Let's hope for the best.  Otherwise I'll be hanging out at King's in The District.
3	the food was just ok.  i had the linguine clams and i thought it was a good portion of clams.  it was a little salty though but overall it was ok.  the chicken parm was also just ok.  i don't think i would go back.  it's not worth the money.
5	The service: My party and I had just got done staying, getting ripped off, and getting down right bad service all up and down the stip. Tropicana? Down right awful all around. The Cosmo? Ok, but $5 for a WARM 6 oz bottled water that I'm not allowed to keep the lid to and have to on? Come on! By the time I got to this restaurant, I had already had my fair share of bartenders and servers sigh at my simple, NON-modified orders. I defiantly wasn't expecting good service, in fact I had given up in it long before I got there, but surprise surprise, we had great service here! Our server Mimi (I think that was her name? Of not, somebody correct me because credit is due) was a breath of fresh air. We were treated great and as far as I could tell there was no alternative motive. We chose this location because is one of the only restaurants in that area that was still serving breakfast after 1. We had a couple $4-$5 bloody Mary's and mimosas and a couple $6-$8 steak and eggs, which is "woohoo! As good as it gets! " in Vegas when it comes to pricing. We also had a few oyster shooters that were pretty bomb. I highly recommend the one they make with the tomato flavored vodka. Yummmmm.... I will have to agree with one of the past reviewers though, with a name like Oyster Bay, they should have more than 2 types of oysters. Either way though, I will remember to come back next time I'm in Vegas. :)
3	decent food, below avg service, and avg. prices.went for breakfast, so we didn't have any of the seafood. My reviews is solely on the breakfast food.ordered the steak and eggs. was okay, the potatoes were really good tho. also came with some wheat bread. Pretty big portions, didn't finish everything. biggest negative was how long our food took to come out, damn near 25-30 minutes. that's way to damn long. table of 6.
2	Meh. Not good, not horrible, does the job for breakfast.  Ordered eggs benedict, and wasn't that best.  Eggs were overcooked so you didn't see the yolk oozing over the English muffin (it was dry yolk).  I wanted to complain, but I was tired and hungry after a long night out in Vegas.Felt like it was an amateur cook making the eggs benedict.  The key is so that the yolk melts over the English muffin.  If I was in Vegas and stayed at Planet Hollywood/Hilton again, probably wouldn't go to this place again.
1	This restaurant inspired me to create a yelp account because it's just that bad. We walked over because the line was too long at Gordon Ramsey's Burgr. First sign we should've noticed was the crappy outdated menu and the fact that the place was empty. However we were starving so gave it a shot. Complimentary bread was completely stale. Calamari from the frozen foods section of Walmart. My salad looked like it was made by a third grader and had rotten lettuce. My friend's crab legs were old and gross. My "medium" salmon was extra well done, hard to swallow and came with dry mashed potatoes and overlooked broccoli. Upon leaving we saw a couple walking in and wanted to tell them to run the other way. Also wayyyyy overpriced. If that food was free at a party I wouldn't eat it again.
2	Disappointment.  My family and I were looking to get some seafood just to end the foodie adventure so we decided to give this place a try.  1 dozen oysters small and looked undernourished.  Upside it was fresh, no funky smell and we didnt get sick.  The other item we got was the shrimp cocktails.  3 orders at 14.95 a plate you would figure it would be something semi great.  Nope, the plating of the shrimp cocktails looked as if it was just tossed on the plate.  The shrimp was not deveined properly or at all, and if it didn't come with cocktail sauce there would have been no flavor.  Waiters were kind to you when they were at your table but they didnt come to your table frequently enough in order to see if you needed anything. (Drink refills, bill,)  It seemed a little chaotic.  I don't think I would try it again.  The atmosphere of the place warrants $$$ but the food quality and prep I believe it should be at $$ prices.  14.95 for that kind of shrimp is funny.  I've had bigger and better at a mexican restaurant in East Los Angeles for 8.00
1	Seated quickly then completely ignored! Service matters and this place is sure to disappoint.
4	First time here & was highly recommended a good breakfast. So far service is excellent  and sure is the Breakfast is DELISH.
2	Food was just OK and service poor. Stay away. There are better places to eat in Vegas.
1	Was walking around miracle mile looking for a decent brunch place. Their brunch menu looked simple and unique with decent prices. The decor was nice and homey. I decided on their special brunch item which was french toast with bananas with a special maple syrup and butter. I also added a side of 3 sausage links. My wife got their California omelette. The presentation looked great but once I bit into the french toast, something tasted burnt. All 3 pieces of the french toast was burned. I got so pissed off that the damn cook had the audacityto serve burned food and the server allowed it to be served. Not acceptable. I complained to our server who took it and in a few minutes later, she returned with the properly prepared dish. It was pretty decent, but I was still steaming about the burnt toast. My wife's omelette was pretty petite and had too much cheese. The breakfast potatoes were excellent.Service was slow. I cannot recommend this restaurant because they allow burnt food to be served to customers. First impressions last a lifetime so I will NEVER be back.
3	Breakfast here is A-OK and props to them for still serving eggies at 2pm (the prefect time for a Vegas breakfast ). It' a simple place. Small oyster bar inside and a dozen or so tables for dining 'al fresco' (there's no way you're forgetting you're still inside). The breakfast menu was simple enough - omelet's, a bagel sammie, pancakes - nothing out of the ordinary. My omelet (the Vegas) was filled with a few veggies, some avocado, cheddar and bacon. All super at soaking up the booze from the prior evening. The mimosas are $5, if you need to crush that hangover, and are standard sized but tasty. Overall, a solid breakfast in a creepy PH mall area. Standard Vegas morning. Pro tip: Planning on drinking mass quantities? The bar/restaurant directly across from it seems to have an all day happy hour going on.
2	Total loss, the bread was like wonder bread, the pasta was good but the sauce lacked any flavor and the price for the portion was minuscule. You shouldn't go away hungry from a 23 dollar Italian entree.
2	Our waitress was friendly. However, we waited a long time for our food for a party of 4, about 40 mins. We were seated at 1:30pm and there weren't even a lot if guests. All we ordered were 2 omelets, steak and eggs special, and a bowl of lobster bisque, so we didn't expect it to take that long! We already each finished 3 cups of coffee before our food arrived. :(Prices are average. $10-$13 for omelets, $10-$12 for sandwiches and salads, $12-$20 pasta. $9 for a bowl of soup. They have $5 mimosas and bloody mart all day.Food taste and quality was okay, I'd compare it to Denny's but with smaller portions. I did not like the lobster bisque, it was too salty. I recommenf just sticking with the specials, they're also cheaper. My brother's steak (5 oz ny strip) and eggs was only $7.95.Overall, it was not bad, not great. Just okay.
1	My fiance and I were walking around the miracle mile mall with two of our friends. We wanted to grab a bite to eat before we left and headed back home from our weekend in vegas. We walked by oyster bay and decided to try it out. We liked the ambiance. we were seated in the "outdoor" eating area, so we could watch the rain shower that happens every 30 or 45 minutes right near the restaurant.  We ordered our food once we could track the waiter down. I ordered a salad and my fiance ordered fish and chips.  My fiance got 2 very small silvers of fish, the average mozzarella sick is larger than the little piece of fish he got. My salad was on a the same plate as the bread plate. It was so small i was able to count the prices of lettuce...12 small pieces. We decided to tell our waiter.....he took my fiances plate..(he had taken one bite).....he came back and said he was going to talk to the manager  but she was on the phone..he then brings the same plate of food back and says they will cook one more piece.  As for my salad he said that it was their lunch size, i told him then it should be alot cheaper than 10 dollars. ( i had to go pick up fast food on the way out so i wasn't hungry on the drive home) We asked to speak to a manager because once a plate is taken off the table it should not be brought back and served, it goes against health standards. The manager was very rude and said that we were out of hand. We were more just bringing it to her attention, before they got in trouble.  my friends got an omelettes, they were over priced for the size of them but they enjoyed it. long store short we will not be back.
1	I found a bug in my cup. When I tried to tell the waiter that, he acted dumb. NEVER again will we eat here. We ended up going to the restaurant across the way. There was no bugs in there food.
1	Overpriced.  Bland sauces.  Mediocre service.
1	Wasn't impressed,  my ice tea wasn't  brewed that''s for sure.  Breakfast at  Denny's would be an improvement. The hostess and waiter were good.  Gave me toast without butter, but  did bring when asked.  Won't eat there again.
4	Had no intention of eating here but the places around were all closing for the night so we decided to give it a shot. The calamari was so fresh and tender. Probably the best I've had since right on the Mediterranean in Greece. The salmon was also cooked and seasoned very well. Service was quick and fast...it was the end of the night and pretty empty though. I'd come back here again!
1	The quality of the food is the WORST-OF-THE-WORST! The $7.95 steak is crappy tasting, even with A1 Steak Sauce covering the horrible meat. I've had $7.95 steak before that was much better. They couldn't even get a grilled cheese sandwich right. My 4 year old nephew loves grilled cheese sandwiches and he only took 1 bite. THE FOOD IS WHACK!!!!!!
1	For as mediocre as the food is, this place is insanely overpriced!!! It took forever for our waiter to come get our orders and the place was pretty much empty. The bread seemed stale to me and it again, took forever for them to bring it out.My fettuccine Alfredo tasted like something that came out of a box and it was 22 bucks?! Yuck!With all the other wonderful options Vegas has to offer, steer clear of this place!
2	Came here with my family for breakfast since it was one of the few restaurants that were open around 8-9 AM. The food was an ultimate disappointment for how overpriced it is. $10.95 for plain french toast with 2 pieces of bacon that is burned and a tiny slice of an orange. As much as I soaked it with maple syrup, the french toast was too stale. $7.95 for a gross omelette and a tiny piece of steak that is not tender. I guess that's what you get for it being $7.95. The pancakes were just pancakes. Nothing special about this place. We waited 25 minutes for food that wasn't worth recommending. You won't see me coming back for breakfast. Our waitress was nice though! Thats probably the only pro for this place.
1	This place is awful. The food was terrible and extremely overpriced. The wine list was insulting. The waitress was pleasant, but I felt there was a lot of pressure to oversell the quality of the food.  The only thing I liked about it was the decor. If you are looking for seafood, you may find the Filet O' Fish to be a better choice than Oyster Bay. If you are looking for a nice wine list, try Denny's instead. I agree with another reviewer....there are so many better options in Las Vegas, especially for this price range. Stay far, far away from Oyster Bay.
1	I wanted something small and light to hold me over until dinner. I decided to come here and order shrimp cocktail. I got 4 shrimps. F-O-U-R. Four for $14! I was very disappointed.
2	Overpriced! The clams was good but the mahi mahi and angel hair pasta were mediocre. I went here by accident cause I got it mix up with the oyster bar at Harrah.
3	Since my friends were craving and wanted something quick before watching Britney, we stumbled across this place and chose to sit at the bar. The server was fairly nice. It got a little awkward at times since we were the only ones at the restaurant and he tried to break the ice by asking us questions. There's a special bar menu which is decently priced. If I remember correctly, items were no more than $12. They also had recently introduced burgers, but we decided to go with pasta instead. We could choose the pasta and sauce that we wanted. The food was not too heavy and decently portioned.It was a nice place. Seemed like a mom and pop restaurant located inside a casino/resort. Definitely would come back if I were in the area to see a show and needed something casual.
5	Great steak and eggs breakfast!  All four members of my party love it!  I highly recommend going here when in Las Vegas. I did much better than here any of the Big expensive buffets !  And gluten-free chocolate dessert was wonderful!
2	Honestly, I can't believe that this place is still open with all the changes Planet Hollywood has gone through. The service is consistent and friendly but no enthusiasm. The menu is dated and even on the strip seemed expensive for a plate of pasta. I had an appetizer which was something in italian that I could not pronounce so therefore I felt stupid ordering it but besides a salad it seemed to be the most relatively healthy dish. It was an eggplant with ricotta and a marinara sauce. Well the eggplant was sliced SUPER thin, I mean there was barely any there, it was battered and fried and rolled around ricotta, with marinara sauce served on top. The flavor was decent but you should have to try to mess that combination up. However, I spent $15 on ricotta cheese. Blah! The BF had Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo, it was bland and not a good alfredo sauce. I'm not rushing to get back to this place. I wouldn't not have picked this place but the out of town friends were flying by the seat of their pants. Man those non planners!
1	This place should be called the The Smallest Oyster bar...,and another Las Vegas rip-off. First of all out waiter, Maurice, is loud and annoying.  The minute you sit down, he is all over you like a vulture. Upon ordering he doesn't pay attention and listen, so he had to keep returning to our table. I ordered 12 oysters in the half shell w saltines and drawn butter. The oysters were so small I needed 2 or 3 to cover the cracker.  My friends order was completely forgotten and not submitted...his meal came when mine was just about finished. Pay attention to the rating. We read the poor reviews before going, but we thought it couldn't be that bad....IT WAS!
1	Wanted a great big, greasy breakfast to help with our foggy morning and the valet at our hotel recommended this place. Two thumbs down.  The food looked like it was just thrown together and the service was only so-so. I should know better than fall for a place that has a $7.95 steak and eggs special. Blah! Skip this place and go to the buffet at Bellagio.
5	Great food good prices  came here twice haven't been let down I will check it out again in a few months
4	I'm spelling it wrong. But you get the idea. They were done PERFECTLY. Soft, succulent, flavorful and just an explosion of goodness in your mouth. For a seafood guy. It don't get much better. Oh and the crab cakes were just what you need to start things off. I always scrutinize my crab cakes yeah, for actual crab. But there is a tactile feel of the quantity and texture of REAL crabmeat that can't by faked or fooled with by filler. These cakes get it right! You may sit outside or in. I like to people watch. Believe me, it is like having a seat at a show of humanity, as the unending flow of folks from ALL walks of life file by you dressed in the most amazing attire and composed in different states of sobriety. I'll leave it at that....lol. Everyone having fun and doing their own thing. VEGAS BABY! Service was was good and the property had an upscale feel to it. A little pricey, but hey, you SHOULD get what you pay for and I'm worth it. Dessert menu was not impressive to me and I did not order any of the offerings. Loved the fish tank behind the bar with these 3 huge south american fish. No restroom. You have to walk about 50 yards and use the mall's bathroom. I guess cause space is a a premium. Nice culinary experience. Go. Enjoy.
4	This place was descent as well as the prices.  I don't recommend the lobster bisque...  The fried tilapia was great as well as the sirloin steak.  Great and friendless service.  Bellini's here are the bomb!!!
1	Gordon Ramsey, please help these people!!This place gets 1 star for the atmosphere & their wonderful hostess.  Food tastes like it was previously frozen.  Lobster bisque was luke warm, salty & with no lobster.  Onion rings were chewy.  Chicken that was served on the ceasar salad looked & tasted like it was previously cooked.  Our server, Angel, was absent our whole meal... We were close to walking out mid meal.  I have not ate fast food for over 7 years, but I would eat McDonalds over this place.
4	Went to breakfast and had the eggs Benedict it was great. Server was chatty and  nice. Cute place
4	Just don't understand the negative reviews. We stumbled upon this place while looking for food after a long day of work. What a hidden gem. The fresh oysters were great. A choice between fanny bay and west point. What a great choice to make so we had 6 of each. Both were delicious but the points went to fanny bay. The other selections were just as good and we decided upon sharing the linguine with the seafood selection. Just mouth watering! An excellent choice and will remember this next time in town.
1	Food was good, but I won't  go back as they don't let customers use their restroom. Instead they direct you to the Hilton. But I'm your customer, not the Hilton's.
3	Nothing special about this place, and the service is terrible. We had the pancakes and an omelette, and the food was nothing above average, and quite expensive. We waited forever for a refill on water and coffee, and finally had to ask another server. It was a Sunday morning, and they had QVC playing on the tvs. Wtf? I wouldn't waste my money here, and would instead go somewhere better for the money.
1	This place is the worst. I won't wind you with all the terrible terrible points, from terrible service, poor quality, etcI spent 18.99 for 5 pieces of medium shrimp.....wtf. I don't mind dropping money for a good meal...But 5 shrimp.I told the waiter, and he literally was like "yeah." just terrible, do not come and support this mess of a overpriced business...they must be making some crazy ass profit margins on these plates that have no food...or quality...or presentation
