4	When people asked me what I had at Meat and Potatoes it was really easy for me to respond, "meat and potatoes!"  That answer was lame the minute I heard myself respond that way.  I'm just gonna have to describe to you how good my meal was there!I had never been into the old Cafe Zao that had previously held residence in this space and so I was immediately surprised by how small it was inside.  The ambiance totally makes up for the small space, making it actually extremely cozy inside.  It had a shabby chic feel  The chic was the dark interior, black chandeliers and the oh so comfy that I could have sat in them all night chairs.  The shabby part was the wooden ikea like tables, dish towels for napkins and casual dress of the waiters.  I really liked the mix!So, back to the meat and potatoes.  I ordered the Kobe Flat Iron chimichurri style steak and Confit potatoes.  The meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the potatoes were nice and crispy...no mushy potatoes here!  You'll be surprised when I tell you the real winner here was the gravy on my friends mashed potatoes.  Holy crap was it good!  I have no clue what they put in it but it was amazing!  Sadly, there's no substitutions in the dinner choices (boo!) so you'll have to order the Roasted Chicken if you want that delicious gravy.  Next time, I may be ballsy enough to ask for a side of gravy for my meal.  I'd pour it over everything if I could.  This is an extremely exciting restaurant in Pittsburgh because it's our first Gastropub!  Yay!  My lameness did shine through because I didn't order a drink.  But that's my old lady-ness coming through because I was going to a show and didn't want to snooze through it.  Lame, I know!  I'll have to go back for Happy Hour, come to think of it....I need to investigate if there's Happy Hour specials.  So there you have it, my excuse to go back!
4	As soon as I entered the restaurant I immediately felt like I was "fancy pub" better known as a gastropub. The chairs ( I agree with Rachel C.) were fantastically comfortable and the ambiance of the restaurant was just outstanding. The food was absolutely delicious, at first we ordered the "grilled bread" with goat cheese butter and rhubarb, and although I'm not a fan of rhubarb my friend thought it was delicious and wanted to take it home. I thoroughly enjoyed the goat cheese butter and toast! My main meal was the roast chicken and potato's with gravy, and yes it was heavenly. I made sure to eat every last bite even if I was full. The waitstaff was also very kind and friendly and was always making sure we were ok. Even a manager came at the end just to double check. All in all a great experience!
4	I went to Meat & Potatoes with a few friends this evening, just a few days after their opening. Here's what we ate, what we saw, and what I liked and didn't love about it:The Drinks:* I had the Dark & Smokey. Obviously, it didn't have quite the same taste as a classic Dark & Stormy, but it was still interesting. I probably wouldn't get it again though.* Someone else had the Old Canadian, and apparently it was amazing.* The only con I had in this category was that we were there and ordered our drinks during what I thought was happy hour (5:45), but when we got our bill, they were full-priced.The Food:* Curry Mussels & Frites - great. A bit spicier than those I love over at Point Brugge, but still a nice dish. The frites were good - crispy where they should have been crispy, but I wouldn't really call them frites. They're just good fries. Anyone who knows me knows that my favorite thing to eat in the entire world is fries, so I'm gonna stick to my guns on this one. Verdict: Point Brugge has the best frites in Western PA. Also, why the heck doesn't Park Bruges offer the same EXACT frites as Point Brugge? It was disappointing to come across that a few weeks back.* Poutine - good. I was hoping to learn that the curds were from the local Arsenal Cheese, but I didn't remember to ask. * Cheese Board - great selections, every one of them. The preserves were tasty too, and the portion size is spot on.* Mac and Cheese - Lobster. Chunks. Creamy. Just right, and maybe my favorite thing we had the whole evening.* The PIG Dip - basically like a french dip, but with pork shoulder. This was my main, and it was outstanding. The bread remained crusty even after a dip or two in the au jus. It came with the frites and a tasty, crisp apple slaw.The Interior & Branding: I'm a huge fan of pub and brasserie style interiors, so I have to say, I was almost as excited to go here for the decor as I was for the food. The style is somewhat classic and polished, but still cozy.* Beautiful, well-equipped bar in the center of the restaurant, with a super thick, classic white marble counter and pendant-style bulbs hanging from overhead.* GREAT branding. Nice work on the letterpress, die-cut business cards and the website. FYI - the hours are at the bottom of the About page. They should be at the bottom of the Home page.* Subtle, yet luxurious tone on tone damask wallpaper.* Comfy, rich chocolate brown tufted dining chairs (I think they're from the Cafe Zao days?).* The chalkboard looks great. It's a bit hard to read from the far corner by the kitchen where we were seated, but I'm fine with that. Apparently, after the age of 30 you start to go blind even if you've had perfect vision until that point.* The only con for me was that the bathroom was not actually in the restaurant. You have to walk outside the main entrance to get to it. Not a big deal, of course.The Staff:* The manager came by a few times to make sure we were getting what we needed and were happy with everything. Very nice guy.* Our waitress was hilarious. Yes, she was knowledgeable about the food, but she also educated me and my friends on laser fat removal (just look it up). Priceless, especially after the meal we just had. I felt a tiny bit rushed by her, but it wasn't offensive.
4	When I heard that there was a place serving poutine in Pittsburgh, which I visit on a regular basis, I was all over it. My group came in late-ish on a Saturday night ready to ravage some of that Canadian delicacy, plus whatever else we could get our mitts on. Overall, the kitchen is sending out some pretty amazing food, but there are some kinks to iron out. Service seemed a little frazzled and slow; one friend's burger was underdone (not sure if that was the kitchen or our server's fault); and the crab banh mi was more like a crab po' boy, and a little light on the crab. Otherwise, we were really happy with our food. The poutine disappeared in a heartbeat, my ricotta gnocchi were the fluffiest and tastiest I've ever had, and another friend's chicken wings were very flavorful. Prices are right, and the French bistro atmosphere is proper. I am definitely willing to tack on a fifth star if they deal with the  hiccups.
5	I'm so thrilled to have such a charming true gastropub in the city, particularly in downtown where new restaurants seems to pop up then die out quickly. I had great expectations when first walking in - the ambiance had an upscale comfortable and quaint feel that made one fill right at home. The menu, which was an brown folder with age sheets of paper, had just the right amount of selections as to not overwhelm the guest with too many choices. I absolutely adored the cocktail list, and after 2 trips I have tried the Aviation (a twist on the "traditional" version which I believe does not call for grapefruit juice), the Sazerac, and the Old Canadian. The Old Canadian proved to be my favorite, meringue in a cocktail is simply one of the greatest ideas a cocktailian has ever had...go early 1900's. I'm fairly certain that ever dish was concocted by the devil, everything was perfect! The mussels were fresh, plump, and they didn't have the fishy taste that is all too common in restaurants, and yes, believe it or not mussels really shouldn't taste like that. Next came the duck liver pate, served in a small clasped, jar with a couple slices of toasty, buttery baguette. Unfortunately not enough bread for the large amount of pate. Either way, the smooth, savory taste of duck pate on crunch bread is one I'll never forget. The pork belly potato skins were probably one of the best things I've ever had, though I can't it was particularly good for my health. You have to splurge some times? Snail and blue cheese risotto had great potential, though it was not as creamy as a risotto should be - it was a little on the watery side. I had no idea apple played a role in the dish, quite a minor role to say the least.Overall, this is the type of place you want to spend some time in, which is exactly what I'm looking for in a restaurant. I could sit in the dangerously comfortable chairs, or the well designed, open bar for hours drinking prohibition cocktails and munching on the small bites. Seriously, you need to go.
3	If it was an option, I'd give 3.5 stars Came on a Monday night with a friend from out of town. First time there. Great atmosphere. Loved the bartender attire. Ordered the marrow bone for starters. Took 30 min at least to cook. Longest appetizer I think I've ever waited for. It was a huge bone though, so I'll let that slide. Just be prepared for a long wait if you get the marrow. They served toasted bread and some condiments with it, but the bread didn't come out for a few minutes. So at first, we thought we were just supposed to slurp it right out of the bone. Thankfully the server came before I went that far. Just a bad timing issue-or they forgot the bread. Something else though that I noticed....some of the extra staff that take your dishes to you or clear your plate....didn't say a whole lot. If you are going to bring me a tray of 4 different condiments for the marrow, tell me what the heck it is! I guess I'm just used to going to places where they always explain what they are putting in front of me without me asking. For dinner, I had the Gnocchi. Now, to preface this, I am a gnocchi snob. I only eat it if its made fresh that day, which I checked with the server about. My boyfriend makes amazing gnocchi, so I am spoiled. Their gnocchi was very flavorful. Lots of garlic, which I like. And you could really taste the potato. They were heavier in consistency than what I was used to at home or at Il Pizzaiolo, but still good. My only complaint was the size and shape of the gnocchi. They are supposed to be bite sized. I had to cut these puppies in half. And they were not rolled off the back of a fork or a gnocchi board to incorporate grooves for the sauce to fill. They literally looked like the dough was rolled out to a fat rope and haphazardly chopped into chunks and thrown into boiling water. But like I said, they still tasted good. I'm just particular about my gnocchi. I would go back again. I am hoping that a Monday night is probably short staffed and its better on other days. Plus, they are still new. I will "re-review" at a later date. :)
4	Not at all what I expected. A name like Meat and Potatoes, with an emphasis on pork shoulder and belly, conjures thoughts of sawdust floors and smokehouse. Meat and Potatoes is shooting for the downtown Pittsburgh crowd (i.e.,dressed up rich suburban Pittsburghers between 35 and 60). The meat and cocktails are very good, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is upscale. Mussels were ok. The Porter House for 2 is truly excellent.   My  burger was ok (for medium rare, it was much more toward the medium side). Definitely try the Sazerac if you're into cocktails. The bread pudding was tasty.This would be a good place to go on a date, with friends, or a client if everyone is in the mood for a steak dinner. Plan to spend ~$65 and be overly full. Avoid before the theatre rush; it gets crowded.
4	Caveat:  I ate neither meat nor potatoes, but I think I tried everything else on the menu. The atmosphere is ...a little weird.  You have enter through the theater, but once inside the restaurant it's great.  Sort of French bistro meets bordello.  (That makes sense to me).  The chairs at the tables are realllllly comfortable, so much so that we were afraid we were going to fall asleep after eating and drinking too much. We started with a bevy of appetizers - short ribs flatbread with arugula and gorgonzola was very tasty, as were the fried chicken livers.  The bone marrow, though, took the day.  It was a *huge* portion - easily three times what I've had in other restaurants.  For dinner I had the pappardelle, my second choice because they were out of veal shank.  It was excellent - and you can always rely upon me to get pasta no matter where I go.  The noodles were definitely homemade by someone, and the sauce had more flavor than most bologneses I've tried.  Lesley had the "Pig dip," which looked amazing.  Erin was less than thrilled with the Kobe beef, but Tim loved his hot dog.  Yes, a $12 hot dog.  Apparently it was worth the price. The big hiccup was the service.  Our waitress was unfriendly and inattentive.  The place was not busy (it was a Tuesday), so I couldn't understand why it took so long to have plates cleared and drinks refilled.  That said, the food more than makes up for it.
2	Services was slow. Food was just so so. The restaurant itself was quite charming if not a little crammed. If you are going around a show time - you will need to make reservations. I had the wild mushroom risotto for my appetizer. It was pretty good. I should have had that as my main item and when with another appetizer. I had the sweetbread piccata. It was way too garlicky and it left a bad taste in my mouth. The meat was too 'tender' for me. Apparently it is an acquired taste and lets just say I'm not acquiring it. I might go back one more time to try something else.
4	If you appreciate good food, you should go here.  Some of the better food & drinks I've had in Pittsburgh.  They're new, and still figuring a few things out, but the food is inspired & it'll keep getting better.  They have a great mix of drinks and have all house-made syrups (orange, thyme, rosemary, etc.)  They have only a few drafts, but a bunch of canned beers; it's mostly good beers(think Oscar Blues, 21st Amendment, etc.)  If you're into absinthe, they do it the traditional way, using an absinthe fountain.  We started with the Thai-style Moules frites; they're not "traditional" Belgian frites but still really good, and the mussels were well executed. Only caveat, we had a few mussels that were unopened; my thought is those shouldn't be served.  We then went for the short rib flatbread, which was well done but not mind-blowing.  For "dessert" we tried the bone marrow.  Holy sh!t that's good stuff.  If you haven't tried it....go to M&P just for that.  Don't go if you're on a diet, however.  My only suggestion for the marrow is to ask for extra bread upfront...I don't think 4 slices is enough for the sheer quantity of marrow that you get.  The marrow is definitely food-porn worthy.Atmosphere-wise, it has a very good vibe, and has an interesting mix of patrons; it's a good people-watching spot, and I'd definitely recommend it for a date.  I had a seat at the bar near the kitchen, and after that, there are a ton of reasons to go back.  I can't wait to go back; I'm adding this place to my frequent list, and expect to adjust my rating to 5 stars once they get into the groove.
4	"Wow, he's a lot better looking than the last guy you brought in here.  What a joker!"  Said the host to my husband.Thanks, Charlie.  Thanks a lot.  However, since I haven't actually been to Pittsburgh for about 7 years, the innocent act worked this time and the night was saved.  Our waitress was very good, and helpful!!We made our way through the non-mammalian portion of the menu in that really beautiful, but laid back space.  The duck liver pate was oralgasmic.  The lemongrass moules- frites were delightful.  I had to restrain myself from picking up the bowl and slurping the broth!!  The soft-shell crab tacos were perfect.  Eating"soft" shell crabs that have been allowed to live too long is like getting a mouth full of fingernails.  These, however, were light, crispy and delicious.  I feel sort of bad eating them at their most sensitive point, though.  there they are, little crabs who are all vulnerable, maybe thinking of writing poetry again and BAM, someone throws them in the deep fryer.  Better luck next life, little crabs.  You were delicious. The only disappointment of the night were the fancy cocktails.  They were OK.  The Aviation was too gingery and the hot date was weak tasting.  So stick to beer and wine and your will have an utterly fantastic dinner.
5	Divine, start to finish!I was in Pittsburgh for the Vet Games. It was Friday night, 11PM, my guy had been playing rugby all day... He needed food and I needed beer. This place was pushing distance from our hotel by the Convention Center, so we decided to check it out.I called to make sure the kitchen was still open and got Mike at the front desk. He was hilarious on the phone and told us to come over. He was equally amusing when we got there. Bonus point - we hadn't mentioned that we had a wheelchair in our party. It's not usually a big deal, we just move a chair, whatever. We got there and Mike just said he had the best seat in the house for us and would be right back after the 'final preparations.' That was the politest way we've ever heard someone leave to move a chair without making a big deal out of it. A small thing, but it was one of many cute touches throughout our meal and a nice way to start.Atmosphere is fun, the chalk drawing with the different edible parts of a cow was awesome. There's a fine line between trendy and pretentious and they totally made it.Food - oh yes. We started with the fries with truffle mayo (string fries, delicious) and the lobster mac 'n cheese (mmm.) I got the mushroom flatbread which was perfect and Jeff got the tomahawk - a huge steak on the bone (shaped like a tomahawk) with chive butter and steak fries. All our food was incredible and we had plenty of leftovers.The draught selection was on the small side, but they had a super random selection of cans and bottles. It's been a few years since I've lived out east so it was fun to try some new beer. They had an elaborate bar but we weren't able to take advantage of all that.All in all, great. Host, waitress, food, drinks... I have no idea when I'll be in Pittsburgh again but I would definitely go out of my way if I was in town!
5	Meat & Potatoes has really yummy food.  My husband and I tried the specialty mushroom risotto, bone marrow flat bread, mushroom flatbread and the salmon.  They were all delicious.  This restaurant reminds of me a similar restaurant in Los Angeles that Iron Chef Mario Batali owns, called Mozza.  I must say, the server kept making mistakes with our food and brought out things that we didn't order, but that wasn't a big deal.  We loved this place and can't wait to go back.
5	We came in on Saturday night.  We had a reservation, but it would not have been necessary on this particular evening.  Got got one of the tiny round marble tables along the banquet.Our server Brent checked in with us right away.  We thought his service was superior through out our visit.  BJ opted for a Butternuts Pork Slap and I got a Ronaldo which was house made raspberry vodka, grenadine, and citrus sparkling.  Loved my drink and BJ loved his beer!While we pondered the menu, we decided to get an appetizer and share a Wedge salad.  They were thoughtful enough to divide the salad for us.  I was surprised at the size of my half portion.  It was huge.  The wedge was baby iceberg, super crisp bacon, roasted tomatoes-yum!!, croutons, ramps-my first experience, and the most incredible house made blue cheese with nice chunks of blue cheese.  The Yukon Skins appetizer was the perfect size for two.  This was my first experience with pork belly pastrami and I liked it.  After some debate, BJ got the smoked pork chop with pastrami, baked beans and  spicy apple slaw.  I tried his meal.  The chop was incredible, as was the beans and slaw.  I loved the kick from the jalapenos.  Best slaw ever!  And the portion size was big.  It's the first time that BJ didn't finish this meal.  I am usually the one with the carry out bag.  I got the lobster risotto for my meal.  The portion size was fairly small, which was good because there were so many other things that I wanted to eat!  The risotto was not my favorite, it was a little too watery for my taste and the lobster was a little stringy.  Not bad, but not that great, either.For dessert, we shared the blueberry pana cotta.  It was cute that they served it in a mason jar, but not so great when it came to eating it.  We had to use our small coffee spoons to be able to get a nice mix of the cream with the blueberries.  Also, the texture was a bit rubbery, but we still loved the flavor.  For those of you parking in the Theater Square garage, M & P is able to offer a reduced rate parking.  Just ask your server.  Loved our dinner!
5	What a great restaurant! My husband and I shared the mushroom flatbread with truffles, ricotta, and arugula. I then ordered the pasta bolognese (incredible!) and he had the sweetbread piccatta. The pasta was full of flavor and very filling, and the sweetbreads were tender and cooked perfectly.We also enjoyed their interesting cocktail (I tried the aperol-ade, a very refreshing drink.) The atmosphere is cozy, although maybe a bit loud and crowded. I would suggest going late, on a week night, and make sure to make a reservation.I'm so excited to go back and try something new on the menu--everything sounds so delicious!
5	The restaurant was full and lively. We were seated immediately, after arriving 15 minutes early for our reservation. The table was small and intimate. The volume was fairly high making conversation somewhat difficult. The service was quick and courteous and we did not feel pressured. The bone marrow appetizer was excellent and was presented nicely with toasted bread and toppings. My main course, the Oscar a combo of crab and veal was tasty and filling. The crab was incredibly crispy and covered in a delicious sauce. Overall the experience was great, I highly recommend trying this new place.
5	Phenomenal place to eat. The food is creative and fun. Loved the pasta dishes, the risotto lobster, and the brussel sprouts. The sprouts were very uniquely prepared. Try them.... They taste like chips! Chocolate dessert was perfect. Highly recommend. Only downside was it was too noisy to have a conversation.
5	Meat & Potatoes was a blast. Arrived w/o a reservation on a Saturday night and even though we were told we would not get a table for another 1.5-2 hours we could find seats at the bar. We found one for the two of us (of course) but decided to stake our territory anyway with the one chair and to grab another when one freed up, which took some waiting and work including dealing with a rude old man...Aside from that I love the dark interior of M & P with the mirrors and gold trim surrounding the room. It adds a nice element of elegant coziness. The bartenders greeted us and were kind enough to give us a sample of the beers we were interested in trying. Ordered the Oscar and my bf ordered the Kobe Flat Iron. Oscar had a cut of veal, a fried soft shell crab on top and a side of risotto. Delicious - kind of on the salty side but I like it that way. I ate every bite but I had a hard time cutting with the knives they gave me (first butter knife then was given a steak knife when realized I was cutting with a butter knife). And the service continued to be great - the bartenders checked in periodically, were friendly and didn't push you out of  M & P. They let you soak in the experience and we did.
3	This was a fun place with good drinks and people generally having fun.The food?  It was OK.  The idea is apparently to reclaim old classics, with things on the menu like chicken pot pie and devils on horseback.  The pot pie was fine, although it seemed overpriced at $20.  The sweetbreads were OK, but lacked the silky delicacy you expect from them.  The fries that accompanied the burger were limp and uninteresting.It's really not bad, and it was fun -- everyone in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying themselves, and there was a great friendly vibe.  The service was attentive if not particularly effusive.
5	Last night, we took my boyfriend's family to Meat and Potatoes.  The food was amazing (which I discuss below), but first I wanted to mention how well we were treated.  We had a reservation for 6 people.  Due to some folks lingering at their table and other issues, we weren't seated until about 30 minutes after the time of our reservation.  Instead of simply leaving us at the bar, the owner came over twice to apologize and comp us a round of drinks and two flatbread appetizers.  That level of attention and care for customers is unique, and our group was still talking this morning about how well we were treated.   Apart from the excellent service, the food was delicious.  We had the bone marrow, tartar and pate appetizers, all of which were great.  The boys had the chicken pot pie, meatloaf and sweetbreads for dinner. These were big hits.  The girls had the steak tacos and the soft shell tacos for dinner, all of which were also very good.  Overall, we had a great experience and will definitely return.
5	Chef Rick does it again! Never had a meal this man is responsible for I wouldn't rate a 10. Fantastic flavors yet comfy generous portions. Lobster risotto killer! Must try soft shell tacos!
5	Had the Yukon Potatoes to start, pork belly pastrami had me. Then the porterhouse with bone marrow butter, fantastic.  Had the dessert sampler best of all.
3	This is a fun place in a great location in the Cultural District.  The food is very good, and the decor is charming.  The service is fairly quick, and the wait staff is very polite and helpful.  I was surprised at the devils on horseback, which turned out to be a very delicious appetizer...and something I was not expecting at a place called "Meat and Potatoes."  I have heard people rave about the good food here, and it turns out to be very good and there are some fun choices, however it's certainly not the best Pittsburgh has to offer.
5	Meat and potatoes simultaneously redefines and honors the historically blue collar experience that is Pittsburgh. This gastropub crafted impressive mixed drinks that satiate a palatte yearning for "something different." The Pimm's Blue Ribbon shows off how versatile and tasty PBR can be when combined with the right liqour. Old Canadian and the Old Thyme Refresher also were both were expertly crafted, showing off the refined techniques of the mixologist behind the bar by utilizing freshly made mixers, simple syrups, and liqueurs rarely found in your common neighborhood bar. This particular night, we were served the bolognese and the salmon. The bolognese contained three types of meats (pork shoulder, short rib and pancetta) in a mind blowing concoction over a melt in your mouth gnocchi. While this is traditionally served over papardelle, the gnocchi was a home run with this sauce. The salmon was served in with a korean style kim chi laden slaw that was not your run of the mill, overwhelming kim chi flavor. Kudos to the chef for balancing this flavor with the delicate texture of the fish. The atmosphere was a bit loud, but not obtrussive (the chairs are super comfortable!!!!!). Service was not astounding but not obnoxious either. This is a must visit for foodies and non-foodies alike. There's something to satisfy everyone at a reasonable price (even the little boy at the next table over with his most excellent hot dog seemed pleased, and we all know that children are the harshest critics!). Support your local establishments and keep this place alive! It could be the next great tradition in a city filled with traditions.
5	The BEST brunch in the 'Burgh, hands down!  For starters, FINALLY a Pittsburgh establishment has an honest to God Bloody Mary bar!  And, if you sit at the bar during Saturday or Sunday brunch, Bloody Mary's are all you can drink for $15.  That, my friend, is a deal.Now on to the food.  Wow.  Here I go with superlatives again, but the shortrib hash with poached eggs drizzled with horseradish hollandaise was, without a doubt, absolutely stellar!  Rich, melt-in-your-mouth, succulent shredded shortribs melded together with creamy potato cubes.  Perched atop were two perfectly poached eggs whose yolks, when pierced by a fork, enveloped the hash in creaminess only surpassed by the final crowning glory of a zippy housemade horseradish hollandise.  Superb....I've been fantasizing about them ever since.  The hubby enjoyed a plate of chicken and waffles.  You may recall he ordered the same thing at Alchemy & Ale recently...Meat & Potatoes makes chicken and waffles the way they SHOULD be made!  Crisp, crunchy, JUICY, ON THE BONE chicken pieces piled atop a crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside cheddar jalapeno waffle kissed with bacon bourbon maple syrup.  Ooooooo....maple. Bacon. Bourbon.  We each had a specialty drink - me the Bacon & Egg - a blend of bacon vodka, orange juice, sugar and egg white.  The bacon vodka was a house infusion that packed more bacon punch than the Bakon brand I have in my bar.  I am going to try my own bacon infusion again!  The drink was interesting, but next time I want all that bacon-y goodness in a Bloody Mary!  Fond memories of San Remo and Monte Carlo meals always ending with Fernet Branca enticed the hubster to order a Kingston which included Drambuie and Fernet Branca along with pineapple juice.  He enjoyed it, but enjoyed his Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat Ale even more!  He IS a pumkin ale fan.The brunch prices here are amazingly reasonable!  The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, professional and efficient.  The kitchen is top notch!  Meat & Potatoes is a PERFECT way to start a weekend morning!
4	Just recently moving here from the food mecca of the world (San Francisco), I was a little nervous about the food scene.  This place eased my nerves.  Went with a group for a late dinner last Friday.  Started off with a Sazerac at the bar.  When a cocktail is made with passion (and good), waiting for a table is not an issue.  Then we ventured into dinner.  Let me just say our group shared everything and I would order it all again.  Pasta, short ribs and bone marrow to name a few highlights.  I will frequent M&P, often :)
5	It's like the chefs at Meat and Potatoes can read my thoughts, and know all my secret food fantasies. Fried Chicken Livers-- Yes!Poutine-- More!Mac & Cheese with pork belly-- Gasp!Bone Marrow, and Kobe tartare, and Quail-- Oh My!The space, the food, the drinks, they just all work together perfectly. The space and design is kind of "rustic hipster," if that's a thing. It works perfectly for a late dinner after the opera, or a casual meet up with friends. The menus are printed and presented in a black manila folder, and specials are written on a blackboard. The service is casual but competent. That is, you feel like your server is in on the whole concept of the place; they're invested, and they're not out of place. Everything was fresh, tasted homemade, and the portions were bigger than I anticipated. One of the best parts is that it's not expensive. We had 3 people, each with a drink, and each took home food, for ~$70 total. And they've got a brunch?? I'm just too excited for words.
4	We ate here after the Steelers game on Sunday night. I read the reviews and decided it was something we would like, we were right!The tables are way too close for a really great atmosphere, we were sharing our conversation with people on either side!  The waitress was fine, but not great.  That's why 4 stars instead of 5.  We started with a Spanish red wine - it was perfect.  We shared the Devils on horseback and the calamari salad as apps.  The devils on horseback are dates stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon - the combo of flavors was awesome.  The calamari was cooked very lightly and very fresh.  Main courseWeygu beef with baby bok choyPasta bologneseThe beef was tender, tasty and cooked perfectly.  The Bok Choy was delicious.  The pasta was fantastic - the bolognese sauce was as good as any I have ever had.  Plenty of meat, a little spice, a little cheese - so good.Desert was chocolate mousse, and key lime pie.  Both were mason jars full of desert.  Great presentation, even better tasting!A perfect ending to a great day!
5	I had the Pub Burger and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. When I travel, I try to hit the best burger joint in each city. In Pittsburgh, that is supposed to be Winghart's. I'm going to try that tomorrow but they definitely have their work cut out for them if they want to compete with the burger at Meat & Potatoes. For some reason, this place really reminds me of the Purple Pig in Chicago.
5	Brunch here is awesome, and one of the best deals in the city. M&P is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.1.) $5 bloody mary bar with infused spirits (jerk, bacon, & jalapeno tequila, others)  OR, $15 all you can drink bloody marys.  !!2.) Food is amazing.  Everything we tried we raved about.  Chicken & waffles, short rib hash, scratch-made everything.  Huevos Rancheros will make you want to live here.3.) Brunch is affordable!4.) Lots of interesting cocktails as well as daily specials.If you like food, you should definitely go here.  Now.
5	I've been here three times in the last week. Does that tell you anything? This place is quickly becoming #1 in my heart and my belly!  From the amazingly Delicious poutine (the first of my experiences with this amazing dish) to the creamy Mac n' Cheese, the apps just kill it right off the bat. But let's perhaps talk about the succulent pumpkin ravioli with tiny squash cubes.  Or the delicious brunch I had of beer battered french toast (using Banana Bread Beer!!!!) and toasted bananas.  The creative dishes never end!From the small tastes of my other dining companions food, I'd say you'd be hard pressed to find something on the menu that wasn't outstanding.  I can't even begin to dive into the extensive and carefully crafted bar menu.  Lots of great prohibition era bevvies, inventive creations of their own and some old favs on the tap.  Toss in those cushy brown chairs and I'm home!
2	We were in the mood for PROTEIN tonight so headed to meat and potatoes to find it.  Definitely a bumping place at 7 pm on Friday.  A bit too noisy for me to eat dinner, this place is probably better as a happy hour joint.  The chairs = very comfortable.  BUT you have to lean forward in them to be heard in this place.    MUSSELS OF THE DAY- traditional type.  These were tasty BUT I KNEW these were gonna be salty when we ordered and I was right.  I am feeling dehydrated hours later as I write this.  I prefer my mussels cooked in sauce that is more drinkable so you can sop it up.    PUB BURGER- I suppose there was no living up to the fantastic burger I had earlier this week at Burgatory.  This burger was a sad burger in comparison.  Not really to my liking, a little too soggy and lacking in tomato.  The fries were good, crispy and hot.    WAGYU FLAT IRON- My companion claims this was not real wagyu.  Overall it won a rating of "OKAY" from him but for 28 dollars, an okay is pretty sad.Probably will not be back.  Food didn't leave a great impression and neither did our waitress who seemed a little pissy!
5	I just ate here for the first time tonight, and let me tell you -- UH-MAY-ZING!First off, I love the atmosphere and the decor of the place. The chairs are super comfy. It's got touches of modern and homey all in one place...and you know what? It really works.Secondly, the drinks. I've had a lot of drinks in a lot of places - they did them just right here. Usually it's either too weak or way too stong. I had the Old Canadian, and it was pure bliss in a vintage champagne glass.  Who knew that merangue had a place in alcoholic libations?Next, the apps. Loved the char-grilled toast with the rhubarb spread. The mini-Mason jar was cute. We also had the potato skins -- I look forward to trying the Poutine next time.The main course was delish. I sampled the gnocchi with the bolognese; it was good and the gnocchis were nice and ample. I had the Pub burger, done medium. Perfect! It was a flavor explosion in my mouth with the sunny side up egg on top.One thing I noticed: no salt and pepper on the tables. Period. And you didn't even miss it.The waitstaff was attentive and helpful, and super nice.For desert, we had the key lime pie in a jar. Definitely different, and full of flavor. The whipped topping, I could tell, was made from scratch. I will definitely be coming here again, and will bring friends. : )
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere and gastropub set up! My friend and I split the bone marrow, which was a unique experience. I appreciated that they brought toppings and seasonings on the plate with the bone marrow. I decided on the short rib flatbread for my main dish, and I was very happy with this choice! The flavor and ratio of cheese, meat and bread was perfect! We capped off the meal with the chocolate bread pudding that was also very good. My suggestion on this would be a better ice cream. I pictured more if a vanilla bean. All in all, very good and already looking forward to going back!
3	One of my favorite parts of traveling for work is trying out restaurants in different cities.  This one was one I was looking forward to.  The restaurant is dark and sexy inside.   The food was good, but somewhat simple considering the beauty of the restaurant.  It is upscale gastro pub food.  I tried the taters with black truffle mayo.  Pretty basic comfort food.  Nothing really special about it.  There home cut fries are good to look at, but not as tasty as they look.  I tried a hot dog with foie gras.  The intent was good, but hot doug's in Chicago does it better.  The bone marrow was really good, meaty and decadent.  The decor and food are beautiful, but the menu doesn't measure up to the price when compared to other restaurants nationally.
5	Went here for brunch on a long drive back to DC from the Great Lakes state. It was pretty amazing. The fried taters with truffle oil were incredible, and the corned beef hash was the perfect rib-sticking breakfast to fuel me for a long trip. My companion enjoyed the melt-in-your-mouth brisket and eggs, as well as the Bloody Mary bar. Our waitress made the second one, as we had just received our food--she seemed to know the perfect mix.Seems like a place that gets quite busy on Sundays, so get there early or make a res. It lives up to these reviews, and the price is really perfect for the food you receive.
5	I think this might be the best restaurant in pittsburgh right now. It's outrageously good. I will give you an unnecessary cautionary note about ordering fish there: it's not nearly as good as the other stuff. The other stuff is so goddamned good though that I don't care. The bone in ribeye is epic and absolutely must be shared. The fried chicken is also really great. Oh and the barrel aged whiskey? Yeah, I love it. Their brunch is also really goddamned good. The dishes are fantastic and they let you build your own bloody mary. I love that.
5	OOooohh poutine! You sound so dirty yet taste soo incredibly delicious in my mouth. J and I started off with this delectable treat, the frites were crispy, golden, spiced perfection, the white cheese curds lay on top of them like tiny pillows and then both are smothered in finger-lickin-good gravy. For dinner J was having a difficult time deciding so he turned to our server and asked if she had to choose, would she opt for the duck or the monk fish. After a long deliberation she concluded the monk fish was the way to go and J went with it. The portion of fish was quite generous as was the bed of cous cous it laid upon. I helped myself to some of that itty bitty pasta and was wonderfully surprised how flavorful it was. I also had a small bite of his fish (I'm branching out and trying new things) the fish taste was too overwhelming for me (I haven't ate fish in 13 years) but J enjoyed it thoroughly.   As for me, I couldn't decide either, the pumpkin ravioli caught my attention immediately but so did the lobster risotto, oh decisions, decisions! I settled my internal debate by just blurting out risotto and brussel sprouts. The sprouts were fried golden brown and were slightly crisped on the outer leaves. The aioli that accompanied them was the perfect compliment and I've been eating more sprouts in various ways ever since (I still can't get JB to try even 1, but that's okay, more for me!). The lobster risotto was divine. It was super rich and creamy with huge bits of lobster throughout.As for seating, I'm not keen on the communal booth on one side with tiny tables and chairs on the other side. Every table was so close to the next, it was difficult to have an intimate conversation while trying so desperately to tune out the couple next to us. We will definitely return again, and again.
3	I must admit that I went into this with 'pretentious bistroid' as my mindset, but going to the theater next door, thought I'd give it a try since it was closest.Upon entering, the visual I took in was pretty much 'pretentious bistroid'.  Another Pittsburgh joint trying to be all NY or LA in a city that will never BE NY or LA.  I'd eaten there once before when it was Cafe Zao, and the atmosphere wasn't quite as pretentious, but the prices were truly outrageous, which was kind of what I was expecting this time around.  I went for brunch, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that not to be so.I found a few things on the menu that looked intriguing for brunch, and the waiter, an older gentleman, was actually very kind and helpful, more so than the pretty little youth prancing around, noses in air, as if their mere presence was a gift to the diners.I was flipping between three choices, and the waiter helped me decide on the Corned Beef Benedict.  We split an order of the pate, and each got coffee.  First came the water, in kitschy bottles, poured by the waiter and left on the table. It's kind of a lame attempt at 'theming' but theming only works if you go all the way with it.  But when in Pittsburgh is anything ever taken to the enth degree, when 'meh' is viewed as fabulosity?Next arrived the pate in an adorable little mini-mason jar, complete with the dual snap lids. Again, really?  Cute, but highly unnecessary.  It was accompanied by two pieces of toast, cut in four, and the pate actually needed another slice of bread to match portioning.  However, the flavor and texture were very good.  A decent little appetizer.  The coffee test passed. I never soil coffee with cream and sugar, even if it's REALLY bad. My friend however will use cream and sugar if it is weak.  She didn't have to.  The coffee was decent for a cup of Pittsburgh American Joe.Brunch arrived.  My friend had the short rib hash, and I had the Benedict.  The lunch dishes didn't match the attempted 'theming' (nor does the decor), and my friend (who is blind) took one bite from her little trendy dish and the food slipped over onto the table.  Again the waiter was extremely kind and helpful and brought her a real plate so she could eat without doing much damage.  The food...bottom line...was very good.  Flavorful, not toy food (but not quite a Pittsburgh shovel full), filling, and done well.  The server was not totally aloof (not chatty), but he was helpful and efficient without throwing an attitude.My friend expressed an interest in dessert, and tried the chocolate mousse, which I did take a bite of, and it was really delicious.The check came to around $48...not bad for an appetizer, two coffees, two entrees and a dessert in what is a somewhat 'upscale' type place.  I can't complain about the food or the price for lunch.  They surprised me very nicely.My biggest complaint comes from the general atmosphere.  The seating is a long upholstered bench along the wall, with TINY marble tables, and an armless armchair on the outside of the table. Had the place been crowded we would have been sitting WITH the people at the next table.  Even with an empty table between us, we had to listen to the pretentious blurting of some food writer who was gushing all over the chef pretending that Pittsburgh was going to be the next gastronomical tourist destination...hate to break your heart sweetie, but Pittsburgh ain't going to be the next big tourist destination for ANYTHING until corruption money is funneled back into education, and yinzers stop partying like it's 1979.I didn't quite know what to do with my feet as they either were resting on the cast iron legs of the tiny table, or had to be spread wide apart to hit the floor.  One, the tables are too small and round for two for brunch, with water, drinks, a water bottle, sugar, creamer, flatware, side dishes...oh wait...it's ok...I have a lap. Two, I can't imagine this being more comfortable or accommodating for a larger dinner setting.The attempt at 'theming' either needs to be polished to completion, or abandoned, because what they do have just looks silly in a highly over-designed architectural space. You want to go 'speakeasy', then do some research and go all the way. Otherwise, skip the kitsch and focus on what you clearly are doing pretty well...make good food at a fairly reasonable price.I can't say this would be a comfortable regular haunt, but I would go back for a somewhat special occasion.  Question is...do you want regulars, or special occasions in a VERY small market?
4	A favorable vegetarian review of Meat and Potatoes? They must be doing something right!We had reservations for 16 for dinner before the symphony.  We were split up into 2 tables which was fine.  There was a private room by the kitchen for bigger parties.  The place was packed at 6PM on a Saturday night.We ordered drinks-I had the Ronaldo, which featured house made raspberry vodka. It was as sweet and delicious as I thought it would be.  As for the menu, there are quite a few vegetarian sides and appetizers, so we got the mushroom flatbread which was amazing.  Fresh argula and shaved parmesan really completed the dish.  For dinner, we ordered the only vegetarian entree, which was the pumpkin ravioli.  For me, I don't mind having few choices when I go out to eat-I usually find the smaller the menu the better the dishes are.  I wasn't disappointed with this dish.  The raviolis were stuffed with pumpkin in a creamy sauce that was light and flavorful.  I only wish there were more-it was that good!I'm not a huge dessert eater so we didn't even look at the menu.I took one star off for the service.  When our flatbread came out we weren't given plates and couldn't flag our waiter down for them.  He also never checked to see if we wanted to order another round of drinks-another waiter came by and helped us instead.  Other than that, it was a great meal.
5	As of this date, December 2011, this is the best join in Pittsburgh.There's only one kicker, you have to come 3 times to figure it out!Visit 1. Fancy Dinner:Go, order the delicious "Manhattan" they've aged and pour into a cup for you.  Perhaps a bottle of wine with dinner.  Order the rib-eye FOR SURE (it comes with marrow so you can skip that at appetizer time, it's great, but use your "room" for the appy that delights you most.Visit 2. Brunch:Bloody bar, check, bacon vodka suggested.  I got the hash (Meat and Potatoes right?!).  Wow, so good.Visit 3: Casual Dinner:Burgers and Beers.  They've got a great selection of both.  Maybe start your meal with the "snacks."  Friend brussel sprouts anyone, yeah, I think so!
3	Swung by here for brunch on a Sunday morning.  Given my last minute plan, I didn't have a reservation so we had to sit at the bar.  While the bartender was friendly, he didn't know the menu very well and kept having to get back to us regarding our questions on the specials and menus (ie, was there meat in the heuvos rancheros, did the omelet come with any sides, etc).   Also, the service at the bar was very slow because they were too busy making drinks to be attentive to those individuals eating at the bar. Having said that, my breakfast was pretty delicious.  I ordered the omelet special which was filled with cheese, sausage and peppers.  They were able to substitute soy sausage in it for me and it was oh-so flavorful.  I know soy sausage sounds a little gross but I highly recommend it.  I also came directly after a 14-mile run and was freezing.  I was craving a steaming cup of hot chocolate and much to my chagrin, they don't serve hot chocolate!  Between the lack of hot chocolate and the slow service, I was a little disappointed with my first time here.  Having said that, I'm going to give it a try for dinner and hopefully sample the pumpkin ravioli and some tasty drinks.
4	Fantastic vibe, great drinks, good food.Mussels were my favorite, tried the beer mussels and they were fresh, perfectly seasoned, and made me want to scoop up and drink all the broth.Bone marrow was okay, and salad was okay.I think that about sums it up - the space is very hip and cool, the drinks are amazing (especially for someone who normally doesn't drink), the food is pretty good - definitely 4 stars good, great portions as well.  Just expect to hover over the bar if you didn't make reservations - but definitely worth a shot.
5	They have gotten their act together a bit better on the timing issue.  Food is coming out faster.  I actually think this is my new favorite place.  I can't even begin to tell you how much I love the fried brussel sprouts.  And the mushroom flatbread....heavenly.  The saffron and beer mussels...wonderful.  My friend had the pork chop....he said it was the best one he's ever had...he cleaned that puppy down to the bone.  The Gin Richard drink....amazing.  Yes....just goes to show, you need to give places a second try before you write it off.  This is now my fav place in the 'Burgh.
5	One of the best restaurants in the burgh! I've been to Meat & Potatoes close to 10 times and I have always had amazing food.  The menu always changes, but my last visit led me to the best burger of my life, partly due to the fois gras and black truffle.  The truffle aioli served with the fries is so great that you will want to eat only that, every night of the week.  Brunch on weekends is amazing as well, and there is a build your own bloody mary bar.They have mixologists on staff and the cocktails might be the best in town. The bar staff is great but the table service can be a little slow at times.  I will be back.  Many times!
4	My beau and I dined here two nights ago (yes, New Year's!) with an OpenTable reservation and coupons for two libations in tow. While I should've heeded the OpenTable warnings of limited menus and whatnot (being vegetarian and all), we head forth into the treacherous territory of carnivores.I had heard great things from friends (...aka Yelp) and felt that I had to check it out. The sole vegetarian option was limited to brussel sprout salad, which seemed fairly unsexy compared to the other items on the menu. Jaren L. (my dining partner) ordered this, while I ventured away from my beloved legumes and ordered the carbonara pasta with pancetta. (I'm used to making concessions around my family and when traveling to foreign countries.) While I certainly would've preferred visiting on a day where they offered a more expansive menu, my dish was *quite* rich and tasty.The highlight was definitely the cocktails we ordered. I had the Old Canadian - a concoction of bourbon, meringue, and maple, with a splash of vanilla and citrus. Absolutely divine! I wound up trading with my boyfriend midway through, who had gotten the Ronaldo (HOUSEMADE raspberry vodka, grenadine, and citrus), simply because both of our drinks were just so good.I will definitely be back on another day to try their "normal" menu. Service was decent, but what really sold me was their aesthetic. I'm such a sucker for good marketing, design, and ambiance - all coupled with tasty drinks and food!
4	Are you ready for manly man food served in a manly man setting?  I am!  And thankfully, so was Belle.I say manly man with my tongue in cheek since M&P owes much to chefs like Gabrielle Hamilton and April Bloomfield, both of whom have been kicking ass in NYC for a few years now.  Bone marrow on toast may be the single most ripped off dish of the last decade or so--this place takes it from Hamilton, who stole it from Fergus Henderson.  Is that a problem?  No!  Bone marrow isn't something you really expect to see on many Pittsburgh menus, so I won't call into question any cook's motives if I end up eating it.Smack in the middle of the theater district, M&P is a good date spot--the lighting ranges from "romantic" to "theoretical."  Yes, it's convenient, but more importantly it offers you many chances to put your date in situations in which you can evaluate him/her as a prospect.1. It has a good bar.  If I have to explain to a bartender on Carson St. what goes into a Blood & Sand, I don't want that guy making a Blood & Sand.  Or anything.  But that's not the case here, so you can observe what your date drinks given a wide array of options.  Guys manage to screw this up all the time and yes, girls notice.  Beer (12 oz?  Before dinner?) and lite [sic] beer (ever?) will doom you.  Ordering something like absinthe (available here) is doable, but for God's sake don't go into some overly-long explanation about the green fairy.  Absinthe hasn't been like that for ages.  That's like getting excited about drinking dairy because before refrigeration, it was a risky proposition.2. Its menu takes a small token of skill to decode.  Every restaurant is required by law (-ish) to have the following items on the menu: random, bland chicken breast dish; chocolate dessert with a lavish description (pick from: forbidden/dream/fantasy/some other erotic term that reinforces the unhealthy cultural relationship between women and food); fish with really boring sides; pasta (usually vegetarian, giving non-carnivores and the thrifty an option).  At a bad restaurant, you stick to these because it's hard to really really screw up pasta, but at a good restaurant, you skip these because the cook just put them on the menu as a nod to less adventurous eaters--certainly not you!  I have never had the salmon at M&P.  I'm sure it's fine.  Salmon is tough to screw up.  I will never have M&P's salmon.  Why would you ever go to a place with pictures of cows and pigs on the wall, a place obviously intended to be a shrine to all things pork and beef and order fish?  It's clearly not the passion of the chef and can be safely skipped.  So if your date orders the salmon, the ravioli, or even the "Plain Jane" burger, be wary.3. If your dining companion orders any beef dish from a place like this well done, make an excuse and leave.   M&P is not a pretentious place, but it takes its meat seriously.  Don't let someone insult the cooks or the food like that.  When I order something well done (once every 3 years), I'm saying, "I assume the kitchen in this diner is a festering pit of bacteria and this is the only way I can think of to kill it all."With all these lessons in mind, Belle and I ordered a sea of appetizers (marrow, tartare, and so on) and a lamb entree to split.  Aside from perhaps a little too much binder in the tartare and slightly uninspiring accompaniments with the lamb, everything was excellent.  Nothing life altering, just tasty, solid food that was fun to eat. This place takes its muscular eating seriously--steaks are served on cutting boards, wine is served in jars, everything has capers.  It's a gastropub, which means no one is going to be blown away by some intricate little molecular trick the kitchen uses.  But if you're in the mood for a plate of bones straight out of the Flintstones to be placed in front of you, this is your place.
4	Get the ribeye for 2!!
5	Bob and I went here for their brunch a few days after we went for the first time. (I guesstimate some Sunday in November...just never got around to writing the review.)Chicken and Waffles: Amazing, if not even a little intimidating. M&P takes a new twist on a Southern classic with three huge pieces of fried chicken, jalapeno/cheddar Belgian-style waffles and a bourbon-bacon maple syrup, which was still hot when it came to the table. It was so much food, I could not finish it at the table. Even better reheated the day after.Huevos Rancheros: Now, Bob and I make this dish at home all the time. For those of you that are unfamiliar, it's a baked/grilled or fried corn or flour tortilla, top it with meat  (chorizo or in M&P's case...chunks of pork), top it with a sunny side up egg or two, a mound of cheese and some ranchero sauce. It's like a Mexican breakfast wrap on steroids. And it's damn good. M&P did not disappoint, and they made it prettier. It was an amazing tower of Mexican flavor explosion.Ambiance/Atmosphere: We got there right when they opened. We were first in line, and while I'm bad a judging if you need reservations at any place, we were LUCKY we got in. We made a point to be there before they opened, just in case...and we were glad we did. The place filled up in about 15 minutes after we got seated. Service was amazing, and the waitstaff really took care of each other and made sure every aspect of the dining experience was covered. I dropped my spoon from my coffee (which was good!) by accident and 2 seconds later they'd replaced it. Even the owner of M&P was there, helping out and serving. I like that.Things we didn't try but should have: Red Velvet Pancakes. They also had a Bloody Mary Bar, but considering I don't like tomato juice, it didn't impress me. Really wanted an Old Canadian, but considering it was early, I didn't feel proper doing it.Will go there again, for realz.
5	Awesome restaurant.  Great drinks, everyone should go here.  I will be back often.
5	YUM-MEMe and a buddy decided to explore downtown on a Wednesday Night.    I read some really great reviews about this place and it did not disappoint.    We walked in to a large hallway shared by several businesses where the hostess stand was located.    We asked for a table.    The hostess made a pouty face and explained they were booked but we could sit and eat at the bar if we would like.My adventure begun.    My buddy who has lost a ton of weight was on a strict diet of salmon.    See review Yelp Review about anyone (actually the Yelper's Date) ordering salmon.I decided if he was going to order salmon - I would have to increase the "manly" portion at the bar - I ordered the large bone in ribeye (the one that feeds 2).     I was not really hungry but I knew I would have some awesome leftovers and make my buddy regret any diet he was putting himself thru.My meal was right out of a Fred Flinstone cartoon...     it was served on a large cutting board over quartered potatoes topped with a femur with fresh Bone Marrow butter.I ordered an appetizer as well of the bone marrow - I always see the chefs (see Travel Channel, Food Network) order bone marrow and spread it on toast.    It is a  meat flavored butter.  He said his meal was really good.    My meal was far superior.     Overall reivew:Atmosphere - very trendy - very crowded and next to a Cabaret Place - which would be very cool to have dinner then catch a show if I was on a date.   Prices - This place is not bad considering.     Meals were about $85 but really we ordered 3 meals (the Steak was really for 2 people) + Appetizer.     You can get pricey alcohol as well - I recommend Porkslap Beer and bourbon :-) - they have a unique 12 year - very goodService - We sat at the bar - our bartender was great.A very high recommend and a good stop if you are traveling and find yourself in Downtown Pittsburgh!
4	Meat & Potatoes ... I've heard so much, and so much of it has been stellar than I was psyched beyond all possible reason to meet you in person.  Let me tell you...I was impressed.This morning we were the first customers in, on what was a crazy morning for their staff since their bar dishwasher was being repaired on-site.  We sat at the bar and were quickly and warmly greeted by Eva (sorry if I misspelled her name!).  One of the owners who was in also came out to greet us and both made conversation with interest which matters.To eat I had their french toast ... it was DELIGHTFUL.  Fluffy...heavenly fully...like pristine clouds in the Himalayas fluffy.  The bananas were sweet but still tasted like God intended them to taste, like a banana.  Their in-house syrup and the toppings were just OUTSTANDING.  It was all nice and warm.  I had a French 76 to drink.  WOW.  I'm not a fan of champagne but this drink was out of this world.  The lemon...vodka...rosemary...it was just a really really really good drink.I definitely need to check this establishment out during dinner, to take a crack at the M&P of it all...and once it opens up for lunch...will definitely try that out as well.
5	Best meal I've had in a long time. Bone marrow, tartare, and the ribeye for two. Service was great, food was too. I can't wait to go back.
4	Expected a typical steak place, in fact, just one steak item on the menu. Started with a fantastic punch from the bowl right on the bar, drinks are unique & very good selection of microbrews. Fried Brussel sprouts were excellent as was mushroom risotto. Hubby's steak was good but lukewarm. Lose a star for hipper-than-thou staff - which I think is the concept but unfortunately came with the  attitude to match. Tables were tiny & jammed up against each other. We gave up our table, moved to the bar, and had a very good experience.
5	Headed here for my birthday amid the hype.Thankfully it wasn't overly crowded for a Sunday evening. The interior is dimly lit, and uniquely furnished, while the bar area has a more communal feel to it than most typical, "stare at yourself in the mirror" bars. That alone would make it a cheery place to spend with an SO compared to the less than accommodating watering holes elsewhere in the city *cough* Carson street *cough*This place DID in fact have prohibition era cocktails, and me being the old soul that I am, loved that aspect. The gin Richard was quite good and I look forward to other libations on the menu.As far as food, the tartar was good, but didnt have enough bread with it. Marinated olives were comprised of a variety of different types, with a simple and pleasing drizzle.My main course was the hanger steak, and it came over a potato salad of sorts. Delicious marinade and wonderful flavor pervaded the whole dish. I will be back.
5	One of my favorite top three restaurants in Pittsburgh! Heard some negative reviews, but my experiences there have always been top-notch. Cocktail list is fantastic. well crafted and balanced. Too bad Embury closed, but this is a fine prodigy of their cocktail list. I had barrel aged negroni. Barrel aging mellowed the drink out tremendously and gave it a balance that worked with a sometimes overly bitter cocktail.On one visit I had the much toted Marrow. Best presentation I've seen. Huge Flintstonian bone with garnishes you can add. Sea salt and capers were my favorite pairing, smeared on delicious grilled bread. I also got the mussels which were fantastic as well. Gotta get down into the broth.Another visit brought me the sashimi tuna. Loved the big chunks of tuna so the sauce did not overpower the flavor of the fish. also got the bone marrow again.Had a few more cocktails, which I can't remember the names of or what were in them. I left the choices to the bartenders who asked me my preferences and delivered excellent choices based on our discussion. Next trip I'll have to try the beautiful absinthe drip at the end of the bar... and the marrow again.
5	Thanks fellow Yelpers!!After reading so many amazing reviews about this place, Ive been dying to try this place. So when work offered me and few coworkers to pick up our dinner tab, I told my coworkers I knew exactly where to take them in the 'burgh! As a side note, this was all their first time in Pittsburgh by the way :)We were impressed from the very beginning when they brought us the water. I loved that they left a bottle of water on our table. I drink alot of water and am always annoyed when the waitstaff doesn't refill it fast enough at other restaurants. We ordered wings and mac n  cheese to start as appetizers. Both were delicious! The entrees didnt disappoint either. We all ordered something different just so we can try a bite of different dishes. Last but not least, we also ordered a chocolate mousse. Every bite of that dessert was heaven. It went much too fast.I want to come back again and try more different dishes!
5	This place is so freaking good I can't even get into it. I wish I could get in here more often but I just might go broke. Had some excellent cocktails, I figured hey I don't drink wild drinks that often so I asked the bartender to make me something with bourbon. Whatever he made me was incredible, I think he told me it was called pushing up daisies or something along those lines. Once we were seated, definitely need reservations here, which we had. We had some risotto as an appetizer. This actually should have been my main course. It was perfectly cooked and so creamy owww! Then next was a steak and rib entree, which I ordered medium-rare, once again on point and so delicious. The special lady ordered the pot pie, And I have to admit it was the best pot pie I have ever had and to top it off it was so large I ended up eating for another 2 days afterwords. The only thing that was sort of stupid was that I got charged $0.75 for a to go jar for my desert? What gives ?! I just spent over $100 not including tip and your going to pull a  maneuver like that. I mean what's $0.75 on top of my $40 bar tab and $75 dinner bill. It's just the point of it all. I still love this place anyway. The people and service are great and the food kicks butt too!
1	I've eaten here before and enjoyed it, but this week I had the rudest service I have had in a long time. And that was at the front desk!! We arrived early and the hostess said we should come back at the right time. I asked if we could get a table (seeing it was half full) she said she would maybe get us in after 20 minutes. We went to the bar to wait and then magically there was the worst table in the restaurant (right by the door) and it was open just for us... Imagine that.The attitude was so bad, we left and had a great nice quiet dinner at Ruth's Chris with great service. So much for meat and potatoes. Never again.
5	This place is super cool and has an industrial warehouse look to it. The place is a little small but has a very cozy atmosphere to it. The food is good and the portions are large so beware. The bar is unique because it offers a bloody mary bar (a.k.a. Sunday afternoon joint) for you to make your own bloody mary cocktail. Kasey was my server on the Sunday that I visited and she was very attentive and did a great job on picking out my food selection. I had a burger with an egg on top served with sweet potato fries. If you are looking for a great place to "catch up" or just have a simple yet filling lunch with a friend this is the place to be. I wouldn't recommend this place to families with young children, it's kind of an adult establishment. Enjoy!
5	Best.Brunch.Ever!We went this past Sunday.  We had a reservation, which turned out to be a very good idea, because they were packed and had a few walk in's waiting for their turn for a table.We got Brent again for our server.  BJ got a Snapper Head Butternuts and I got an Aloe Vera Lemonade which I thought was a perfect drink.  We started with an order of grilled bread with goat butter and rhubarb jam which I thought was perfect!  BJ got the short rib hash with poached egg and  horseradish hollandaise.  He thought the flavor was excellent!!  I got one of the specials which was chorizo quesadilla served with potatoes au gratin and pickled veggies and avocado cream.  So, so yummy.  The portion sizes were adequate, leaving you satisfied but not over stuffed.We also decided to have a red velvet cake and shared a Irish Breakfast coffee.  The coffee was served in a brandy glass with Jameson, bacon whipped cream and zest of orange.  Perfect ending to a fantastic brunch!
5	This was my second trip to Meat & Potatoes, and again I am very impressed.For those that place so much on decor, it is appropriate and fun.  It has the gastropub and butcher shop feel.The cocktail list was outstanding!  I loved the drink special "London Fog" (had 2 of them), and the Sazerac was delicious also.  Unbelievably awesome beer list.  I'm not a fan of their wine list, but I am very picky.  Also, I do not look at this place as a wine hotspot.The food was excellently prepared.  Everything was properly seasoned, and the burger was exactly med-rare!  Finally, someone who knows how to cook to temp!  The mussels were so good we took the leftover broth home.The only thing I did not like is the way the daily specials were presented.  They are so intricate and expansive that they need to be presented in writing (not on a chalkboard on the wall, because my date couldn't see them).  Instead the server verbalized all of them and after the first 2 minutes of that spiel I gave up on following along.  Please make it more accessible.All in all, I love it, and will be back!!!
4	The place was lively, pretty loud and mostly full as was the bar where I found a seat. Save for the obnoxious shrieking liberal Elvira-mistress-of-the-dark looking woman to my right ("Gio-wadge W. Booshe and da otha Boo-wooshes let the Bin-ladens Family fly right out Texas on 9/11 - Da ownlee plane dat was allowed to full-eye on 9/11 -  that's twoo!! That's verifiable!! Check it out ooh-wan line !!" ) - who was unsuccessfully trying to convince her partner that 9/11 and the Iraq war was an inside job, the crowd was friendly, laughing and a fun atmosphere. Luckily Elvira and friend left (no doubt heading to the Michael Moore film festival) soon after and M&P became a much better place to be.In town for one night only, I saw the great yelp reviews of M&P and decided to give it a try. In the mood for something light, I decided to sample the wedge salad and, as a recent convert and aspiring bone marrow aficionado decided that to give it a whirl, too. The recommended Cab was good but not great, the wedge salad was cold, crisp, and just the right amount of blue cheese dressing and fresh blue cheese crumbles. So far , I'm 2 for 2. Over my shoulder I hear "Your bone Marrow, Sir?"  Holy Fred-freaking-Flintstone, I'm served the largest portions and sizes of marrow I've ever seen - gynormous even by (my accustomed) Texas standards. Perfectly broiled with grilled bread, sea salt, pickled onions, chive and -surprise!- capers, it was amazingly good. And amazingly rich. And more than one man should eat, even Fred and Barney in their prime. I was semi-successful doling out samples to those around me  - despite the inner voices in my head from my Mom telling me to clean my plate - I had to quit after two of the three bones. This is absolutely awesome and you must try it - just bring a friend or two when feeling especially carnivorous.Five stars to you M&P - when back in DT PB I will darken your doorway again on the nearest, convenient, Elvira-less night.
5	I dined here this past weekend as part of a birthday celebration.  Upon entering the restaurant we were led through the main portion and into a backroom.  While the backroom was nice for talking to all members of the party, the decor was extremely plain and did not match the rest of the restaurant.For dinner I started out by ordering the poutine as an appetizer.  This was the first time that I had ever had poutine in Pittsburgh and it was a good resemblance to the popular Canadian dish.  I was also lucky enough to taste some of the tartar which came on top of bone marrow.  Both of the appetizers that I had were very good and I was happy to have ordered them.  My entree was the duck breast which came on top of mashed sweet potatoes and red cabbage which was topped with a nice sauce and brussels sprouts with bacon.  The duck was cooked perfectly and I even enjoyed the potatoes which was odd since I am not normally a sweet potato fan.  I also had the pleasure of trying both the bass/papperdelle dish and the three pigs.  Each was excellent!The bottom line for me is that my dinner here was the best dinner that I have had in a long time.  With that being said I am really looking forward to coming back and hope that it is in the near future!
5	If you are feeling hungry with a fellow carnivore, I recommend the Meat and Potatoes for two.  A 36oz Ribeye with potato wedges and bone marrow butter for $55.  Yummo!Burgers are also really great!
3	I want to love this place and recommend it to everyone I know, but I cant.  The food is good, great flavors, unique items with a large variety. It really is all about the meat and starches here, and they do it well.  But, if you have a sweet tooth, the desserts aren't go satisfy you.  Its okay though, you'll probably be too full from the snacks, appetizers, and main course. Now for the bad, I've been their twice and service was terrible, to the point that I'm not sure I'm going to go back.  First visit, out dinner took almost 3 hours.  The waiter was forgetting things left and right and when it came time to pay the bill, we spent 20 minutes waiting .  Our waiter was engaged in conversation with a guy at the bar, and that guy had to point out that our WHOLE table was staring at them, before he came back to grab our cards.  Second visit:  They are particular about getting the temperature of your protein right, they even ask how you would like your salmon cooked (which I think is kind of bizarre).  Given that, I ordered my pork medium.  I got a piece that I had to saw into, definitely not medium.  They right away offered to take it back and fire a new dish for me.  Great I thought.  A long time passes, I see a couple pork dishes come out of the kitchen, none of them  mine.  One of my friends is getting irritated for me that its taking so long.  The rest of my party is piratically done eating their dinner, i'm basically full from eating everyone's french fries, and FINALLY my pork comes out.  Obviously I'm not going to eat this whole meal by my self while the rest of my table, full from their meals and ready to go, is watching me. Sigh...so I pack it up.  The second piece was cooked right, but I'm upset that it so long, I didn't even get to enjoy.  =(
4	During my first real visit to Pittsburgh I had the joy of sitting down to a meal at Meat & Potatoes- being from Philadelphia people have a lot of bad things to say about Pittsburgh (not sure why, probably because we're just mean), but the meal I had here did many things to break down these rumors and start me toward thinking that Pittsburgh could be an awesome place. The waitress we had was super attentive and friendly and any place that serves things in jars basically has me hooked from the onset. As for the food, I tried the tacos and mac n cheese simply because I was having serious trouble deciding and just randomly picked, and I was not disappointed with my choice. The mixture of meat/bbq sauce/apple slaw creates quite the mouth-gasm upon eating. and the mac N cheese was so rich I had to take half of it home- it was simply too great. I suppose my only complaint might be that the neighboring table (and perhaps my dinner companion) might have heard my moderately audible moans. whoops. so impolite. but moving on...Being that I've only been here once I can't quite give them a 5 star rating only because I think I'd need to eat another meal here, but from what I've tried I can certainly say they've got my attention, and I would certainly repeat my visit to try all the other delights they have to offer.
5	This restaurant is simply incredible. I have been going here now for some time and love it every time. We have been for dinner, as well as a couple of times for weekend brunch. I strongly believe that M&P would hold its own in restaurant markets like New York (in fact, I'm always telling my friends n NYC that if this restaurant was in Manhattan you would need to reserve a table a month in advance at least to get in). The menu is full of highlights. Everything is delicious! I am in particular a fan of the brussels sprouts and poutine on the snack menu, the tartare on the appetizer menu, and pretty much all the entrees. The pub burger is a standout--in my mind one of the best burgers in the country, and certainly at the level of the famed Black Label burger at the Minetta Tavern in NYC.
4	Meat & Potatoes. The moment I saw this pop up on my Yelp app I knew I was going here regardless of the rating. We had brunch here and next time I'm in town I plan to get dinner here. We had the sourdough french toast, fried chicken and waffles with cheddar and jalapeno peppers and bourbon bacon syrup. Splooge. Everywhere. For the price, the quantity and quality of the food they serve is unreal. Too bad I do not have two stomachs, because if I did, I would have ordered more. Every item on the menu was something I would order.I ordered a black IPA but the waitress brought a regular IPA. This wasn't a huge deal for me, but when I asked her about it she said she would check on it. She never came back or offer to change it to what I ordered. I let the beer sit assuming she would switch it out but it just got warm and I drank it after realizing she either forgot or blew me off. Again, not a big deal, but this place would have been 5 stars if it weren't for that.
3	Recently had the pleasure of experiencing Meat & Potato. Very unique old style feel and design of the restraunt facility. Although you would think this would make a romantic setting you would be mostly right. The tables are crowded close together (if you like listening into other patrons conversations this is the perfect place for you) and are extremely small. Another problem with this seating configuration (includes a large bar in the center of the restraunt ) is the noise level makes it difficult to hear your dinner companions. We ate on a Saturday night and the place was extremely crowded and noisy. Service was below par-- I suspect due to the fact that our waiter had difficulty accessing our table due to the crowded conditions.We had shared the mussel appetizer and the meat and potato "special" ( 36 oz ribeye with steak fries). The quality of the food could be reasonably characterized as above average but no where near outstanding. Meat & Potato had a wide variety of beer, wine and alcohol selections. We did not patronize the bar but note that it was large and seemed like a fun place to hang out (no need to be concerned with noise at the bar).
5	This was where Darren wanted to celebrate his birthday, and celebrate we did!  So much has already been said about this place that I have little to add and nothing negative to say. The tables are close together, but it is cozy. The dim lights make the atmosphere romantic. I drooled over the marinated olives! Be careful though, as the olives do contain their pits. I also enjoyed one of their 3 flavors of mussels of the day, a beer and mustard green concoction with chunks of bacon. The bacon soaked the beer flavoring up and tasted potent!  The broth left after devouring the muscles was the consistency of a soup. The server brought me garlic bread to dip in it. This place does have coat check which helps to save space at the tables.  Speaking of tables, they are pretty small but the staff is quick to get your used dishes out of the way before the next course is presented.
4	The decor here is fun, but the seating leaves a lot to be desired.  I don't know who came up with the idea to seat couples that don't know each other right next to each other, but that is the biggest draw back of this place for me.  I have been to a lot of the steak houses in the Burgh (Ruth Chris, Morton's, Capital Grille, Hyde Park) and Meat and Potatoes is my favorite.  I have never had a better aged rib eye, macaroni and cheese, and mashed potatoes.
4	So glad this place opened up. It fills the desperately needed niche of after theatre dining. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual (unlike Cafe Zao, the previous tenant of the same space), and the food is really tasty!  I am also a fan of their unapologetic meat-lover attitude. (There are some limited vegetarian options, though true vegans are probably out of luck.) I recommend the bone marrow, the lamb, and their daily mussels. Also loved the panna cotta dessert (was salty caramel when I was last there). The service is a bit mixed, depending on whom you get.  When asked for suggestions for a non-alcoholic drink, one waiter shrugged and said "water?" while another got the bartender to make a super delicious drink (peach and ginger soda with mint and stuff). I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their dishes.
5	I know what you're thinking... Seriously, another 5 star review? Why so? Here's the deal folks. This place has consistently been awesome. Dinner: awesome! Brunch: awesome! And drumroll please... Lunch: AWESOME!There's not many places I can say that about, but they find a way to be creative and deliscious with every meal. I do hope you read all my other reviews on this place for tips on what I thought were gear choice (poutine, cough cough) but for lunch I probably had thee best fish sandwich I've ever had! They just opened for lunch today and are running a special Lentin menu with fish, fish and more fish... And one burger (seriously, if you don't like fish or a burger you might be screwed till Easter.). I had the Parmesan fish sammie, which was a generous portion of perfectly battered fish, a VERY generous portion of provolone and tomato sauce. But the crown jewel was the smoked potato salad side dish. Again, generous portion of some of the most delectable and inventive potato salad I've ever had! The smoked taste stayed with me for a while after, but rather than garlic breathe, it was actual a reminder how, oh. My. Gawd. Amazing it was! To be continued....
4	Brunch was great!  The flatbread brisket with egg was unique and runny eggs over brisket seasoned well with the crunchy flatbread really worked.  I also has the corned beef eggs Benedict, delicious is the best way to say it.Let's switch to the seating and atmosphere.  Let's say this the chairs grabbed your rear and said hello, sit and stay for a while.  The decor is very new York but in a good way. 4 instead of 5 stars due to the average bloody Mary "homemade" mix.
4	Wonderful brunch! Has a knack for being creative and serving tasty food with a nice presentation. Food is flavorful; loved the bloody mary bar, and at a reasonable price.
5	Just got back from Meat and Potatoes, and as I'm sitting here typing this review all I can think about is how I desperately want to go back, sit at the bar, and try everything. Honestly, I can't think of one bad thing about this establishment as of yet. The look and feel of the restaurant is very modern and classic at the same time.Their cocktails are inspiring and delicious. I went with the Gin Richard which consists of superb quality Blue Coat Gin, lime, lemon, soda, and some delightful rosemary that really accentuates the drink. My friend had the Old Canadian, which is by far the best bourbon concoction I've ever tasted, and not to mention gorgeous to look at and hold in your hand. It's almost a crime to consume these beverages. It's as if God himself wanted all of the Meat and Potatoes patrons to observe their beautiful and luscious nature.Food wise, I delved upon the Bone Marrow appetizer, having never tried bone marrow before, and I must say that  I was in awe of its simplistic presentation. Three huge pieces of bone marrow, some delicious, baked break, and some tasty spices, such as capers, to add to the overall taste and experience. I loved Meat and Potatoes and can't wait to go back. Do yourself a favor and go.
5	Sunday Bloody Mary bar is incredible! Try the bacon vodka as a base, its delicious!
4	Cool hip ambiance comfortable seating  nice lighting  and great cocktails especially the old time refresher.  Started with the devils on horseback which were delicious.  Then continued with the flat iron steak and braised Brussels which were both ridiculously great! Highly recommend. Mike the bartender was very accomadating!
4	Ebb & Flow...5 visitsWygu Flat IronSea BassBraised Short RibPorkTacosMussels (2 types)Fried PicklesBlack Bean SoupThe good: Service has improved since my first visit. The value for the food and ambiance alone makes M&P a winner. The portions are moderate, prices are modest. Night out at the bar or romantic dinner truly a venue for any occasion.The not so good: The menu keeps changing. The food presentation and quality varies significantly each visit.   I don't know why the menu needs to fluctuate. The presentation and actual dish itself seems to vary each visit also. Currently my favorite menu item is the pork chop (i'm not a big pork fan so this speaks volumes) However previous to that the Wygu Flat Iron was at the top of the list. It disappeared from the menu, then returned much less of a dish than it was originally.This would be a 5 star review if the inconsistency with the food disappeared. It's hit or miss presumably depending upon who works there.
4	Great spot on Penn Ave. Definitely recommend
4	I visited Meat & Potatoes while on a day trip through Pittsburgh. Sadly, they were totally booked for brunch, but we made it to an early Sunday dinner.The food was amazing. I actually preferred the starters over our main (burger).Highlights: Fried Pickles, Gin cocktail (name is escaping me), PoutineAtmosphere was cozy and cool. The tables are a bit small and cramped, but luckily the restaurant wasn't too crowded. A great spot that I will definitely be back to if I make through Pittsburgh again any time soon!
4	Now Open For Lenten Lunch!I was very excited to join fellow Yelpers for lunch on M&P's inaugural lunch.  You could call it a soft launch since the menu is "limited" but nonetheless, it was yet another awesome experience.I had a blackened fish BLT, with aioli mayo.  French fries on the side.  First off WOW.  The fish tasted amazing and was cooked to perfection.  It was flaky but moist flaky not dry.  The lettuce and tomatoes were crisp fresh.  And the bacon was a thicker cut and seasoned to achieve a nirvana-like state of mind.  Yes yes ... I ate meat on a Friday.  The fries were pretty darn awesome, although I wish I would have gotten the smoked potato salad which taste divine.I did suffer from sticker shock.  Next time I'll avoid the "drinks" and "pass on the cheese" since I did think for lunch it was well past my comfort zone and I only did it this time since it was a "first-first".ps:  The French76 was KILLER.  SO GOOD.  :-)
1	Most of the restaurants in Pittsburgh offer the regular fare, so I went thinking that this could be an exception. Yes, the ambiance is cool, good place to people watch but the price you pay for the experience is too much.I went in with 5 of my co workers. The waiter Abby, felt like she was doing us a favor serving us. The first thing any good waiter would do is to try and give an overview of the restaurant (kind of food etc) and tell us about the specials. None of that happened. In fact I had to point out and ask her if there were any specials. She simply told us that the specials were on the board behind us and expected us to read through! Such was the snootiness. I put up with it, as I didn't want to cause a scene. She took the orders and it was 35 minutes before the food showed up!! Never bothered to explain why it took so much time and never kept us updated.Pretty bad experience. Compared to certain classy restaurants like Six Penn and Habitat in Pittsburgh, this place is more pretense and less class. Food was ok, but if  you don't feel welcome, what good is the best food? Go there if you want to drop a wad of cash and ruin your evening
5	The husband and I went to meat & potatoes before seeing Puscifer downtown.  We had a great time!  5 stars for awesome food AND service.  We made a reservation, and when you do that, they ask if you're going to an event and what time it starts--so they can have you out on time.We started off with two cocktails (I got an Old Canadian and he got a black pepper manhattan.)  I was looking around at the online menu before we left for dinner, and much to my disappointment the Old Canadian was no longer on the menu at the restaurant.  However, the waitress checked and had the bartender make one for me anyway! Woohoo! It was delicious maple-y whiskey goodness. :)We also shared poutine (hey, I'm an Old Canadian, remember??) and i was great.  Not at ALL like the fast food nacho cheese fries I remember having in Quebec as a little kid...but in a good way.  Nice, crispy fries with mushroomy gravy and real cheese.  Bonus!Husband got a burger (more mushrooms) and I got fish tacos, which were spicy, cilantro-y, and amazing.  Even though he is a total carnivore, he said he'd order them next time.We loved the hip, dark atmosphere--it honestly reminded us a little of home (Omaha).  We will definitely walk down here after dinner in the summer a few times just to get a drink at the bar, and it will probably become a regular date night spot for us as well.  I don't know why we waited so long to try it!!
5	I know that I'm late to the party on this one, but I've been trying to be pescatarian for the past half year, so it's been a bit tough to come here. That being said, we break "fast" every now and then, and Meat and Potatoes is a great way to get your meat on. The name is actually quite fitting, because if you want veggies at all, this is not where you're going to find that - I think about 15% of their menu might include vegetables.The pate is phenomenal, as is the bone marrow appetizer. You'll feel full just from eating that, because it is so rich. But totally worth it. I also had duck here and it was great too. Also - try the red velvet dessert. It comes in a jar, which is really fitting because you won't be able to finish it and then you can just take it home in your purse. So, evidently I have broken "fast" a few times. But, why am I writing only now?Because I discovered Meat and Potatoes brunch - which is on both Saturday AND Sunday. Hear that Pittsburgh? Saturday AND Sunday. Some of you would do well to note that many of us aren't limited to brunch on Sundays!Anyway, I've been having a fried chicken craving for the past month or so (if you've been a dedicated meat eater for most of your life, and then go pescatarian, it catches up with you sometimes) and someone told me that Meat and Potatoes does down-to-earth goodness fried chicken and waffles. Let me tell you about the last time I had chicken and waffles. It was at midnight at the Waffle Shop in East Liberty, and the fried chicken was so bad, I left it, and the waffles tasted like cardboard. But that's another story... Needless to say, this fried chicken and waffles was PHENOMENAL. The fried chicken is perfectly breaded and cooked (you can tell them if you just want dark or light meat) and the waffle is made out of this wonderful cheese-jalapeno batter that is only the slightest bit spicy. Which comes with syrup cooked with bacon. Did you just fall over? That must be my puddle of drool you just slipped on. Sorry.
5	I was traveling and a friend recommended this place.  Food and drink was sublime!!!  A "must eat" in Pittsburgh!
2	Really good brunch food - lots of fruit flies - including ones dying in two of our coffee cups (coffee was good besides that though :-) - had French toast which was really good but at 10 it should be. Steak and eggs was also very good but at 22 it should be as well. Management should've removed both coffees from bill but tried to attribute them to open doors in the back... Which is not how fruit flies appear...
5	I came here as my going-away dinner in Pgh. I picked the place just becuase of its name (well from a shortlist of restaurants that got picked because of their menu). Libations: I had the El Segundo, which is sweet but you can smell the jalapeno floating on the drink with each sip. Truly delicious! I also stole a sip from my friend's Up in Smoke which was equally good, despite having whiskey which I am not a fan of. I decided to be good and stick to just one drink since I had to drive home. Snacks:We had the ahi tuna, fried chicken livers, devils on horseback and poutine. My fave was the ahi tuna, but I just love raw fish! Everything was truly deletable, the poutine was an experience. Dinner:I got the braised lamb shank and that night instead of the polenta, they were serving beans and greens with bacon. Mmm, who doesn't like bacon? the lamb shank was oh-so-good! the portion sizes here are huge, I stuffed my face and had enough leftovers to stuff my face again for lunch.Service/Atmosphere:Service was good, nothing to complain. The place is busy, which I love. Love the energy there!We couldn't have done dessert even if we wanted to. I almost had to be rolled down the street to home. Happily rolled.
5	The Brussels Sprouts side was outstanding. They were deep fried to a golden brown without a touch of grease and served with a ginger aioli. I had the salmon which was fresh and surrounded by a bed of kimchi.If you are looking for a "mixology" bar in downtown Pittsburgh this is the place to go. Fresh juices, brandied cherries, great selection of spirits, good craft beer list and a strong wine by the glass list. Not just your old standbys. They had a barrel aged Negroni on the menu which I had to have. It was perfectly executed. The attractive lady mixologist was more than willing to make me a Corpse Reviver and she convinced me to try a few of the house cocktails that contained egg whites.  Ryan, who I assume was the manager or head bartender, was very friendly and even took time to give me a list of his favorite places to go.  If you are a foodie or a cocktail snob in Pittsburgh for the weekend, Meat & Potatoes is a place that you have to visit.
5	Love this place. I was in Pittsburgh for a business trip and I really wanted to try a good place to dine downtown. Every body recommended the Primanti Bros, and no..I didn't want that. It didn't fit in my mouth. Then, someone I worked with recommended this place and Nola. I chose Meat and Potatoes as I didn't find it necessary to eat Cajun food in Pittsburgh. My coworker, Joe, and I had to wait about 30 minutes before we got sat. At first, they said 1 hour. But nice that they offered to call so we could at least walk around. So, I definitely recommend to make a reservation. It's definitely the happening place in town. When we were walking around, none of the nearby restaurants were half as crowded as Meat & Potatoes. The foods were awesome too, and I had a hard time ordering as I wanted to try several things. Joe was daring and ordered bone marrow for us to try for appetizer. He asked me if I had it - of course, I had. There aren't that many things I haven't tried. Well, it was his first time. He lost his bone marrow virginity that night. He liked it. I ordered one of my favorite meals ever, moules frites which were mussels and fries. It was tasty. Joe ordered gnocchi with short ribs. I loved my meal and if I were in town again, I'd come back in a heart beat.
2	The idea of this restaurant is spot on -- high end cocktails and high end comfort food. The execution, though, is lacking. I ordered two versions of a Manhattan from their cocktail list. Great flavor, but they serve their cocktails in very wide saucer glasses. This just warms up the drinks more quickly than a smaller glass, and a warm cocktail is no one's friend. They pour their wine generously, and the glass selection is great.I had fries -- fine, but the flavored mayo that came with them lacked flavor. Then I had the harvest salad, which was nice, but strangely cold, like it had just been taken from a fridge. I liked the spare dressing, however. Next came one of the night's specials -- grilled cheese with tomato soup. The soup was great. The sandwich was cold and I only ate one bite of it.Maybe with more time they'll get their game on. The space is lovely, the servers were friendly, and the central bar is beautiful.
4	This was my second time here.  The food is great -- I have had the steak and meatloaf sandwich; both excellent.  Fried Brussels Sprouts were quite good.  My wife had the short ribs which she loved.  The atmosphere is smart and snappy, but still friendly and inviting.  My  only criticism--the greeter did not greet or acknowledge everyone who was waiting.  Before she went "in" to take a party to a table, she should have at least minimally acknowledged the rest of the people there.  Hostesses are known by their hospitality.
1	Four of us ate the bar. The food was excellent - pub burger, pork chop, tacos and three little pigs- all nicely  prepared and yummy.  Drinks were good.  BUT - Two of three bartenders were rude, condescending, and just plain mean.  One in particular criticized our drinks choices, sneered a lot and was otherwise thought he was very cool - obviously too cool for us.  Compared to NYC bars I have been in this week, the service was much more unfriendly and haughtier here = the attitudes here make this a place I would not recommend to friends- has potential but some new staff is needed.  This experience was totally unexpected especially in Pittsburgh where most people are exceptionally nice.  Worst experience in a Pittsburgh bar- ever!
5	Amazing. Made reservations via open-table and were seated immediately. Ordered the bone marrow and mussels of the day for an appetizer. Both were delicious. The main course was even better--- we got the meat & potatoes entree for two. It was absolutely perfect-- I'd go as far to say better than the steak we got a Ruth's Chris for Valentine's day.
4	Very very trendy. Small quaint place with a ton of options for specialty cocktails. Make sure that you get there early. Seats are limited.
5	I didn't want to like M&P going in, as I had read reviews about rude service.  Yes our waitress wasnt warm, but it was only because the place was so packed (8pm Wednesday) that the servers were scuttling just to stay above water.  Service was outstanding, crisp and polite.Now the food.  Shad roe appetizer and tuna tartare appetizer were both perfect. I had the mussels with coconut lemongrass sauce which surpassed my prior favorite at Pointe Brugge by a mile.  Plus M&P grills their bread, which makes for better sauce dipping.  My guest had a steak, and said it was "better than Capital Grille."Finally, the frites with truffle mayo and the fried Brussels sprouts were both phenomenal sides.This is my first 5 star review.  M&P deserves it.
5	I didn't. Want to like M&P going in, as I had read reviews about rude service.  Yes our waitress wasnt warm, but it was only because the place was so packed (8pm Wednesday) that the servers were scuttling just to stay above water.  Service was outstanding, crisp and polite.Now the food.  Shad roe appetizer and tuna tartare appetizer were both perfect. I had the mussels with coconut lemongrass sauce which surpassed my prior favorite at Pointe Brugge by a mile.  Plus M&P grills their bread, which makes for better sauce dipping.  My guest had a steak, and said it was "better than Capital Grille."Finally, the frites with truffle mayo and the fried Brussels sprouts were both phenomenal sides.I intend to return to see if M&P remains a 5 star in my book.
5	I didn't want to like M&P going in, as I had read reviews about rude service.  Yes our waitress wasnt warm, but it was only because the place was so packed (8pm Wednesday) that the servers were scuttling just to stay above water.  Service was outstanding, crisp and polite.Now the food.  Shad roe appetizer and tuna tartare appetizer were both perfect. I had the mussels with coconut lemongrass sauce which surpassed my prior favorite at Pointe Brugge by a mile.  Plus M&P grills their bread, which makes for better sauce dipping.  My guest had a steak, and said it was "better than Capital Grille."Finally, the frites with truffle mayo and the fried Brussels sprouts were both phenomenal sides.I intend to return to see if M&P remains a 5 star in my book.
5	This has become my favorite brunch spot. Kudos Pittsburgh on making it difficult for me to decide. Their bloody mary bar is an adult candy store where you can accessorize your mug of belvedere's with pickled turnips, ochra, cornichons, and at least a dozen different hot sauces.Besides the drinks, the food is all phenomenal. Best eggs benedict. Pastami to die for. Be back soon!
5	Meat & Potatoes is one of the best, most original restaurants in Pittsburgh.I love how they don't shy away from using offal but they elevate it into the sublime.Was there on a weeknight (shocking that I got reservations the same day) and had the pig's ears salad and some wagyu flank steak. As usual everything was delicious!The only (minor) complaint was the high salt content of the mashed potatoes.This place embodies the growing "sophisticated" food movement in Pittsburgh, but in an unpretitious manner. Hope that never changes!
4	Now that I've tried M&P about 5 times, I'm happy to report that it's another great addition to the Pittsburgh food scene. I've had dinner here a few times and was never disappointed. I've also tried the brunch which is, after Tamari's amazing new Sunday brunch, one of the best in the city (don't forget to save room for the all you can drink Bloody Mary bar). I would have given them 5 stars, but I actually don't really love the ambiance. M&P gets a lot of the downtown pre-theater crowd and it always feels a bit too full. If you like the over-filled loud scene, you won't object, but that's just not for me. Regardless, the food is top notch!
5	Wonderful spot in the theater/cultural district of Pittsburgh. Spent a lovely evening on their porch drinking some really well-done and unique cocktails and eating a variety of appetizers. Everything was wonderful.
4	I wish this place opened earlier during my time in Pittsburgh. Gastropubs should be the new thing, and it definitely is mine. My friends and I (party of 4) went for a really late dinner Wednesday night. I made a reservation for 10pm, and we were seated at a well-located table with super comfortable chairs. The server was very personable and attentive throughout the entire meal, and eager to make suggestions.We started with drinks, my friend and I ordered cocktails (Blood & Sand/Thompson Daiquiri), and my boyfriend ordered a draft that was served in a cute little mason jar. The cocktails were delicious and well-crafted, but very strong and tiny, not to mention a bit pricey. (although reasonable for restaurants like this)Between the four of us, we ordered the Charcuterie (3.5/5), fried taters w/ truffle mayo (5/5), fried pickles (4/5), Arancini (5/5), Mac-n-Cheese (4/5), Pate (5/5), The Salty Pig flatbread (didn't try), Bolognese Gnocci (5/5), Pub Burger (4/5), and Tartare (4/5). I would recommend getting the Pate, fried taters w/ truffle mayo, and the Bolognese Gnocci. I am definitely going back to try some of their steaks and their brunch menu as well!
5	Marrow and crispy Brussels are a meal in themselves, and we almost canceled the burgers.  Wow, that wouldve been a mistake!  I luckily found my 2nd stomach... mussels were also good.   gin Richard, and  crimson tide were both really nice cocktails!
3	Nice atmosphere. Good drink selection. I love the outdoor setting. We shared several snacks and appetizers. The wings are good. I didn't care for the cheese plate because it had only very strong cheese like blue cheese and goat cheese. The wedge salad was very good. The blue cheese dressing was great and the tomatoes were yummy. I didn't care for the short rib flat bread everyone seems to love because again I didn't like the cheese they used on it.
5	Skee-Lo was wrong.  I'll say it right now.He said, I wish I was little bit taller, I wish I was a ballerI wish I had a girl who looked good, I would call herI wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a batand a '64 Impala*You know who would NOT say that?  The short ribs flat bread at Meat & Potatoes. They embrace their shortness.The Short Ribs Flat Bread has blue cheese / cheddar / arugula / horseradish.  That's all you need to know to understand this is delicious and those ribs don't need to be any taller!Very cool decor, interesting menu, pretty good beer selection (I had an IPA from 21st Amendment brewery) but the reason this is five stars is the service. I sat at the bar and the three guys behind there were awesome.  Made great recommendations, made sure I had everything I needed and provided by far the best service I've ever had in Pittsburgh.They get bonus points because one guy noticed I was wearing an Archer t-shirt and asked if I knew the Bloody Mary prayer**, which of course I did.  He said a lot of the bartenders have been reciting that.  Nice.I don't know how I got Skee-Lo and Archer references in the same review, but hey, it's Pittsburgh.  Anything can happen!  Do me a personal favor and give this place a try._____________________________________________* here's the audio track for Skee-Lo's biggest hit http://youtu.be/2s7MmcDjwek**Bloody Mary prayer- http://youtu.be/szwbdSK12hw
4	Great food, great atmosphere and reasonable prices relative to the quality of the food served.  I would call the food style gourmet comfort good.  I really like this place!
1	Bad service, gross food, bad drinks, VERY $$$. Typical for Pittsburgh. Will never go back.
5	I can see how some people might consider this an up-tight atmosphere. Sure the people look sophisticated but their friendly. The food was absolutely amazing.
4	Such a lovely establishment! Oh Pittsburgh, you get better and better every visit. Even dahntahn is flourishing!My friends and I went to Meat & Potatoes as a last stop on the latest Pittsburgh adventure. We decided on brunch, which apparently gets booked out for reservations, so you might want to plan ahead. Luckily the (very large) bar area remains unbooked and the bartenders do take good care of their customers. While I very much liked all the food I tried - including the MASSIVE grilled cheese and tomato soup, and the truffled fried potatoes. The portion sizes seem to vary quite a bit from dish to dish, i.e. the steak and eggs is tiny.The highlight for brunch was the Bloody Mary buffet bar. That's right a buffet for Bloody Marys. You order the Bloody Mary, so they pour you infused liquor (jalapeno-infused tequila, bacon-inflused vodka, etc.), and then you go up to the bar for allll the fixings. And there are A LOT of fixings, including all different types of hot sauces.I look forward to trying dinner on a future visit!
4	I'm going to need to get back to Meat & Potatoes for another bone marrow treatment soon!!  That dish is barbarically delicious.  The menu is somewhat limited, and it took forever to get our food, but all told, a nice evening.  Wasabi mashed potatoes are very good.
3	I came here to eat with my friend, there was just 2 of us. We asked to sit outside and the host gave a look like it was a crazy request. (probably because it was slightly busy and we did not have a reservation) They sat us down at a table that was barely big enough for one person let alone two. I got the Ahi Tuna to start and it was very good. I got the short rib flatbread and was not impressed. My friend got a burger with egg on it and it looked good. All in all i thought it was okay and would probably return but will demand a full table and pass on the flatbreads.
5	So we had been planing a visit to Meat & Potatoes for a few weeks now but after reading most of the BAD service reviews on here I was worried!We walk in abut 15 min before our reservation time and was greeted by a young girl who asked us our name and directed us to wait at the bar.We order a few drinks off the menu, they were good....  So we were shown to our table and my fingers were crossed that our server would be amazing!  We looked over our brunch menu noticed that it was a little different the the one we saw online, but ok.  K.C came over to our table and BAM we were off and running! She is truly an amazing server...Told us all about the specials and took our drink order, great personality and very tentative to our needs! She made great suggestions for food ideas and we ordered....  Food was fantastic and all 6 of us were very happy... I had the short rib hash and It was so yummy....So I give them 5 stars and will be back to see K.C please ask for her when you make the reservation, you won't be disappointed !
5	I was part of a party of six that came here for brunch on a Sunday. Our reservation was honored and being that we were a little early, we headed to the bar for a cocktail. The bartender blended us fantastic concoctions from their menu.I've seen reviews for the poor service at this establishment and I believe that the time it takes to make these cocktails is part of that problem. Many of these drinks are rather lengthy in execution and if there is a restaurant full of patrons and only two bartenders, drink delivery could be an issue.We were sat and our server, KC, came by and immediately got our attention. She was attentive and personable and spot on.My main course consisted of the Fried Chicken and Jalapeno Waffle. The chicken was passable but the waffle was incredible. Everyone at the table was pleased with their meal and we promised a return visit in the not-too-distant future.Good job, Meat & Potatoes in downtown Pittsburgh. Well done!
5	oh my, I can't believe I like this place.  No really, I'm not a meat and potatoes kind of girl.  In fact I'm not a meat kind of girl.  I really should be a vegetarian - but I'm not.  I'll take a piece of chicken any day slather in sauce, so I don't actually taste the meat ;).  Anyways, I met up with some friends here.  I tried everything I could eat on the menu, and I was in love.  Simply it was divine.  They have also started doing lunch on Fridays during Lent, unfortunately it's over.  I hope they bring it back and soon!  My suggestion is to come here with friends, and try a bit of everything, so you get a feel of what do you do like.  I particularly enjoy their fish sandwiches (during lunch), fried pickles, and moules and frites.  They make some killer cocktails, and the servers and owner are extremely friendly.  I even spotted the entire Steelers O-line here one evening, it's definitely a hot spot!
3	This is a very trendy restaurant - Gastropub.  The food we enjoyed was quite tasty.  We sat at the bar because it was a busy evening with post college graduation diners filling the place.  The mixologist provided much entertainment.  My only complaint is that they did not have non-alcoholic beer.
4	This place a must go to place for great drinks, great food, and a nice gastropub feel. A friend introduced us to this place and he was good friends with the owner/chef and we were able to try so many delicious dishes on their menu. The staff were amazing and super friendly (on other occasions that we've been here without our friend). We went here for many different occasions - birthdays, new years eve, just random dinner and brunch events. Reservations are a MUST - this place is getting hot off the charts. You can reserve the front room and a nice back room for FREE and they are great with accommodating your needs. Special events - they have specials all the time - try them - you won't be disappointed. Their food is amazing. I love almost everything on their menu - the pub burger, the bacon wrapped dates, fries, porkchops, flat bread.. brunch is great too - chick and waffles - oh the list goes on! Food taste is rich so if you want it a little lighter - just ask! They catered to my mom (who's vegan) and quality was not anything below 5 stars! Their portions are BIG too.Four stars - would be the servers. I love the chef, the owner (one and the same), the manager who walks around and the bartenders. The waitresses need to work on their skills a little more. Sometimes they forget you and don't pay attention to your needs.Overall - try this place and make it your next spot!
1	Beware your reservations here. Front of the house has some work to do. My sister booked the private room 6 weeks ago for combined Father's Day/birthday brunch celebration. When she didn't get confirmation, she called yesterday and was told it wasn't on file. (Reservation was taken by phone, not online.)My sis asked if restaurant could do anything to make up for the error. Hostess said no.
5	I had the mussels in white wine.  It seemed everyone ordered at least one serving of this, so I needed to find out what was going on. They were fresh, the broth was delicious, I would have preferred more garlic (but I'm a bit obsessed). The staff was so friendly and attentive. We were there before a show and it was packed, things were smooth, they ran on time and were able to provide good customer service.  It was so delicious.  For dessert: tiramisu. YUM! I'll be back... Can't wait.
5	This is hands down my favorite upscale restaurant in Pittsburgh. My boyfriend and I are regulars during their Sunday brunch and they have never disappointed. I can't comment on the service provided by the waiters and waitresses as we always sit at the bar, but the few I have chatted during a slow lunch hour with were super nice. One of the managers recognizes us because we're in there so much and he is always incredibly nice and attentive as well. The bartenders have to be my favorite people in there, though. ;) Funny, lively, and mix up some really great drinks as well. I have yet to be disappointed there.On to the food: I will admit that the first time we visited shortly after they opened I ordered a roasted chicken dish that is no longer on the menu and for good reason - it was terrible. I've had much better at other restaurants of lower scale and at home! My boyfriend wasn't much impressed with his meal, either (I forget what he ordered), and we were pretty sure we'd never come back ... until one of our friends dragged us back in. Thank God he did. I have not been disappointed since.The wagyu entree is my favorite of all the ones listed. It's so mouth-wateringly yummy. Their mussels are pretty spot on as well. I've heard people rave about the bone marrow, though I have not tried it yet (our friend ALWAYS orders that when he's in town). Their tuna tartare is also quite delicious and I love that they pair it with a seaweed salad - so good.Their cocktail and beer of the day drinks are always pretty good, at least the ones I've tried thus far. I love the atmosphere of the place and the decor. The only thing missing for me is some patio seating. Yes, I know they have that outdoor area, but that doesn't cut it for me lol. Having moved here from Florida, though, I am resigned to the fact that I may have left the days of patio/balcony seating pretty much behind, except for a few places here and there (which usually aren't very good :/). All in all, 5/5 for Meat & Potatoes for me!
4	I liked this trendy restaurant.  Some of the seating is a little close, with servers bumping into you every now and then and it can be loud with all the hard surfaces and very few soft ones.  It took quite a while for our server to show up but they were very busy.  The food was good prepared with a lot of imagination and the signature drinks were fun to try.  Great oasis in downtown Pittsburgh.
4	We stopped in before seeing a show and will be back. The restaurant had such a unique atmosphere and the breakfast was outstanding. I look forward to trying their Korean BBQ at some point. Our waitress seemed a little out of sorts and started talking to a customer next to us who was an awkward acquaintance, which was distracting for us seeing as how close the tables are. Overall an excellent experience.
4	Awesome bar! Great drinks! I like the sazerac! Delicious tartare! Love this place!
5	We have eaten here 7 or 8 times since they opened and every time we are so pleased with it. We lucked out last night (4th of July, pre-fireworks, post-Pirate game) and snagged 2 seats at the bar - I'm so glad we stopped! We hadn't eaten at M&P in a few months and some of the menu had changed. I had a fantastic drink called Pimm's Blue Ribbon - I'm going to try to mimic it at home..it was so refreshing!  We ordered the fried pickles to start - they were delicious. Think slices and the breading was fantastic - I'm not even convinced they were fried b/c they were not at all greasy or soggy - yum!  We each ordered 2 specials - the Kobe Beef Hot Dog came topped with chili and mac-n-cheese with a side of fries. I had the Pulled Pork BBQ special - topped with pickled cabbage and a delicious potato salad on the side.  Overall - another fantastic meal at M&P.  It never disappoints!
5	Tartare, sardines, gnocchi and pork chop along with craft cocktails and great service from KC... This place is great!  I will return and bring friends and family.
4	Disappointed.  I was so excited to finally try Meat & Potatoes and it failed to live up to what I hoped it would be.First off the ambiance was fantastic, I  loved the decor and the feel of the restaurant.  I thought it was modern and inviting.  My table of 4 got a bad break to begin with being seated right by the patio door.  Normally I don't think this would've been a huge issue, but it was almost 100 degrees outside.  The door was constantly being open and shut and it really made the two of us closest to the door extremely hot (how did people eat outside!).  We started with some cocktails, and they were all fantastic.  The Corpse Reviver was the standout of the group and I recommend it highly.  After perusing the menu for a bit, myself and someone at our table decided to split the Meat & Potatoes for 2.  It is a 34 oz Ribeye, Steak Fries and Bone Marrow.  Doing the math we figured that this would be plenty of food for two people, thus we only got the Grilled Bread with Goat Butter and Jam to start, it was very good and the jam was fantastic.  We were very wrong when we thought it would be plenty of food for two people, especially two men.  It might have been a 34 oz ribeye if they count the 2 foot bone sticking out of the ribeye because it definitely wasn't enough for two people.  We ordered our ribeye medium and it came out really rare, we are talking barely warm in the middle rare.  I can usually understand not getting the steak completely correct, but I've almost never been served a piece of meat as off as this one was.  Instead of cooking us a new one, they cooked the pieces we had already cut off and what was left on the bone and brought it back out.  I understand this because it was an expensive piece of meat I'm assuming, but still was a little off putting.  The fries and bone marrow were nothing special in my mind.  Neither one was especially flavorful or memorable.  We then skipped desert because of the heat radiating from the constant open doorway next to us and called it a night.   Maybe I'll give Meat & Potatoes another chance, but it's definitely not somewhere I'll be running back to.UPDATE:  After going back a couple more times and eating lunch there I'm upping my review to 4 stars.  Their lunch menu is fantastic, and I would recommend it highly.
5	Now open for lunch-lunch, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday!I just had the best sloppy joe (boar meat) I have ever tasted.  No seriously, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned into a consistency that had the expected sloppy Joe sloppiness but still inspired the high end eats of this gastro-pub.Their fries, as always, are absolute heaven.  And the service (this time we sat at the bar) was friendly, speedy, and knowledgeable.  Without a doubt an excellent experience on the service and actual food end.Pricing was extremely good for what we ate and their welcoming atmosphere and diverse dishes make it so you want to return and try something different next time around!
4	Fantabulous!!!The food by far was 5 stars.  I had the Short Rib flat bread and the smoked wings.  Both were great, but the smoked wings were probably the best wings I've ever had in my life.  Also, had a bite of the mushroom burger and wow!  Phenomenal flavor.  Definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had.  However, service could be improved.  We came for a reservation at 845 and we were not seated until 9:15.  Needless to say, we were starving!  After the long wait, our server and the table got off to a good start, but after she came back to take our orders, she seemed so annoyed to be doing her job.  I don't know if something happened in the back, but I couldn't discern anything my party did to make her so annoyed.  It ended up that we felt we had to be overly polite in order not to piss her off.  Talk about annoying!  Nonetheless, I can't wait to be back.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	Very cool place!!  Had the massive Ribeye and it was great!  It's more than enough for two hearty eaters!  Probably my favorite in Pittsburgh.  Different than most places.
4	Made a reservation at 6:30 on a Thursday night. Very glad we did because as we were checking in with the hostess, she was turning away several people. (The next opening, I overheard, was at 9:30). Lesson learned. Always make a reservation. We were seated at a very small table along the wall and ordered apertifs. As an appetizer, boy and I chose the artesian cheese board with bread and rhubarb jam. All the cheeses (one cow, one sheep, and one goat) were very tasty especially when paired with the jam and walnuts. Note, this appetizer was rather small so expect it to only feed two. I ordered the duck breast and boy chose the pappardelle pasta. I was informed that the duck was usually served medium-rare, which I thought a bit dodgy for a poultry item. I asked them to prepare it medium. The duck was very flavorful, and served with a few sauerkraut pierogies and chimicurri sauce. Yum! Boy's pasta was also good. The bolognese/pork shoulder sauce was very savory and rich. I usually enjoy cheese on my pasta, but I guarantee you will NOT need it with this dish. To finish, we shared a peanut butter parfait. It was so rich, we couldn't finish it! I saw so many other menu items I would like to try (not to mention the mussels), so we will be returning! The food is five-star. I docked Meat and Potatoes one because the service tends to be a bit slow and the atmosphere is LOUD. I wish I could give it an extra half star because the bartenders dress like they walked off the set of Newsies. And who doesn't love Newsies?
4	I went to this restaurant while visiting the Burgh with a few other people. We sat outside which was nice since inside it is a little on the loud side but I believe the restaurant is set-up that way which is fine. They had a good beer selection. We started out with the cheese plate and the wild boar sloppy joe. Both were awesome and actually when we finished the apps we were not really hungry for our meals but we plowed through. The best thing of the group was the steak which was excellent. The fish and the pork chop were good but not as good as the steak. I had a pasta dish with a bunch of meat in it that I thought was pretty good. We were way to fill for dessert but overall I thought for the money it was very good.
3	Love the atmosphere, love the over-the-top "meat culture" shtick on the menu and in the decor!  This joint, right smack in the groin of the Cultural District, has a huge lively bar yet is still comfortably appointed for foursomes on the perimeter.  We had two awesome appetizers - the Escolar (a seviche) and the Watermelon Salad, with feta, olives and a lime vinaigrette.  The main course was a nice try, but not a perfect 10 on execution: Soft Shell Tacos, consisting of soft shell crab, pickled carrots and cucumber salad, cilantro and Thai chili sauce.  The taste combination was interesting but I found the tartness of the pickled carrots overpowered the poor crab, who showed up dutifully for work, all dressed up, and ended up with a little desk near the file room.  But, hey, perhaps that's what I get for ordering crab at a "meat" place ... sometimes you have to take credit for your own poor choices.  I still approve of this joint, and I love that you can still find a meal downtown at 10pm on a weeknight amid the hustle and bustle of the Pittsburgh theater jet-set.
5	Our first pleasure of eating at Meat and Potatoes was when it first opened. It is one of our favorite places in the city of Pittsburgh. In fact, its made our Pittsburgh Favorite list. The food is unique and amazing.We had so much fun with the make-your-own Bloody Mary Bar. This is available during Brunch. You choose your vodka, and add whatever your heart desires. Mine was bacon fused vodka adding in horseradish, roasted red peppers, garlic and garnished with olives. You can check out photos at www.girllikestoeat.com/meat-potatoes/M&Ps really step up the customer experience.@GirlLikesToEat, Foodie
5	This restaurant is over the top good.  We had a large party, celebrating a birthday, and each and every one of us talked about our meals over and over again for the last several days.Personally, we decided to order a bunch of appetizers to munch on versus a full meal.  We started with the fried pickles and mussels with beer broth.  The fried pickles were possibly the best I ever had with thick cut pickles and a delicious dipping sauce.  The mussels were very good, not my favorite, but very fresh tasting.  If I went back, I would try the curry broth which we heard was fantastic.We then ordered the watermelon salad, short rib flat bread, wings and mac n' cheese.  Every item we ordered was amazing.  My favorites were the short rib flat bread and wings.  The short rib was so smoky and cooked to perfection.  The combination on the flat bread was mouth watering.  The wings were spicy and smoky at the same time.  I'm not a huge wing lover, but I would order these again and again.Lastly, the drinks were amazing.  My fiance ordered the Pimms Blue Ribbon and it was very refreshing.  I ordered the daquiri and agree that it was a very light drink.  Everyone else around us ordered the pork chop, poutine, and a number of other appetizers.  The one that stood out was the pork chop which was cooked to perfection and had a delightful pancetta topping.  We all tried a bite and it was to die for!All in all, an amazing experience!
5	I was pretty sure that no place in the 'Burgh would supplant Park Bruges as my favorite brunch spot, but Meat & Potatoes makes it close.I love the layout of the restaurant - outdoor seating, but indoors the center of the room is a large bar, with the tables in the periphery.  To top it off, the chairs have high backs, and are the most comfortably dining chairs I've sat in.  That sounds stupid, but it was enough for me to notice.The food was fantastic.  There is a nice touch to start, in that they bring an oversized, fresh, blueberry muffin.   This muffin has the perfect, sugary and crunchy top.  And definitely share the short ribs hash for the table.  We ordered nearly ever brunch entree, and everyone was happy: Pub Burger, Fried Chicken and Cheddar Jalapeno Waffles, a BPBLT (a gourmet BLT with pastrami belly).  The portions are quite sizeable, so bring your appetite.Service was equally great.  I always enjoy it when the staff are also foodies, and get excited about the menu items, have actually tried the menu and drinks, and offer educated recommendations.I'm definitely looking forward to coming back for a dinner service.
4	food was good but not enough. Service was aweful. Our waitress was no where to be found. kinda spacy.
3	I've had the pleasure of dining at Meat & Potatoes for many different circumstances--I've enjoyed drinks and small bites at the bar, I've used their side-room for a large-party Friday lunch during Lent (sweet life, a fish sandwich menu), and I've had every type of ambience, from a bustling and packed house and a table of five to a slow and early night with a table of two.I love meat and potatoes. My concern with Meat & Potatoes (see what I did there?) is that your night is entirely dependent upon your server; and, unfortunately, of the many times I've been there, I've almost come to expect poor and sloppy service. Is it really that hard to be a good server at a classy restaurant? My experience in the food industry is minimal (I waited tables at a sushi joint for about a year in high school), but I seemed to think it took more effort to be a bad server than a mediocre server...so why am I constantly plagued with bad service at this place?Cue rant? My first time was at the bar, and the bartenders were more than friendly--one of them actually recognized me from his time at Embury ("The guy who likes bourbon, yeah?!")! They'll make any drink you want, and they'll recommend drinks that you didn't know you wanted. My second time was at a table, and the service was awful--sure, it was a busy night, but ten minutes to get water, followed by a half-hearted "you ready yet?" didn't really excite me into a good meal. Further visits are plagued with memories of a server that kept attempting to up-sell ("Would you like garlic bread for the table?", or "How about  refill on your fries?", which I guess could be understandable--but then, after asking if I wanted a drink on the rocks, and then charging for ice on the check? What? Does this parenthetical even make sense?) When asking about a cut of meat, or even something as simple as a good beer, I've been told, "I don't know, its meat," or, "Yeah, I don't know, it's all beer." I don't want you to think I'm complaining unnecessarily, or that I'm being petty with my critiques, I just expect a server that pretends to care about you or enjoys the job that he/she has.In short, the food here is delicious. They make a burger with an egg on it (the name escapes me) which may be my favorite burger in Pennsylvania. The bone marrow is rich and buttery. The cocktails are delicious and the bartenders are excellent (a lot of them came from Embury and the Firehouse Lounge). The devils on horseback are perfect. The muscles are well worth the price. The meat cuts rarely disappoint. When I attended for lunch, the simple twist on the fish sandwich was excellent (that potato salad made me drool).I just can't stand that consistently awful goddamn service.I'll keep coming back, and I'll probably keep giving 20%, but at least I can bitch about it on the Internet.
4	Love it. My friend and I came on weekday evening and were welcomed very sweetly by the hostesses. The food along with the prices are pretty straight forward. We went for a bunch of snacks and one appetizer to split. We had the mac n cheese (amazingly decadent and would definitely order again), poutine (fries were a bit burnt BUT anything tastes good when it's smothered in gravy), bone marrow (largest portion I've come by), mussels in their beer sauce (huge portions and it's a MUST), and their soft shell crab tacos ( we could've done without this, it was way too sweet for my liking).    The staff was really helpful and pleasant and the ambiance was romantic minus the view. We sat outside on the patio and it would've been perfect except for the view of people waiting for the bus and the traffic line up. Not so romantic haha. If they could just put a nice wall of green shrubbery/bamboo to block that out, it would do wonders to the place.
2	I'm officially updating my review of this place. We stopped by tonight for dinner and it was not good. We ordered the tartare, soft shell crab tacos and the curried moules with frites. The moules were ok. The mussels were like warm, but the sauce was hot. The soft shell crab was not soft. We pulled out bones/shells in every bite. The frites with black truffle mayo were amazing. The tartare was slimy and fishy. We sent it back because it tasted so unseasoned and almost rancid. The manager told us the chef made a new batch. When it came it was just as bad as the first batch. We have been here before several times and have always ordered the tartare. It has always been really good. This one lacked any flavor. You could tell the didn't add an acid or mustard or anything. We sent the second batch back too. yuck. I would not return. In addition, they overcharged our bill by up charging our drinks and other orders. I would not return. There are better places to go... Like Tamari!
1	My family and I thought we would try meat and potatoes on a recent trip to Pittsburgh while staying downtown. Take a page out of what not to do at a restaurant here! We stopped by and while waiting for them to see if they had a table, they asked if we were going to the game which we were not. They basically said when asked they would get us right in if we were but put us on a waiting list which was going to be 40 minutes. We went in to wait by the bar and saw five empty tables. Ashley who took our name, came in five minutes later and basically told us there were OTHER PLACES IN TOWN to eat.  What the f?..  After back and forth, she pulled one of the five empty tables out of her a$$ and miracously got us a table. Service still sucked as our waiter rich could care less about getting us drinks let alone dinner. Food was great and my only recommendation is the owner/manager should fire rich and Ashley tomorrow   These two suck holes are costing them a lot of business.
4	This restaurant is very cool.  very nice atmosphere and the food was great.  i had short ribs..something i don't eat often and it tasted great!  appetizer...we had wings with sauce on side because the sauce was very hot!  tuna dish for appetizer also very good!!  my boyfriend loved his steak...the flavoring was fantastic!!!  the drinks were made very well..i think a place like this would do well in ny!
3	Expect slow service as it gets busy during primetime hours. My wife and I tried dining here last year and ended up leaving halfway through. We chalked it up to them being new and tried them once more. We ordered a selection of appetizers and asked the waitress to course them out. The food was okay but the dining experience was hampered by the slow service. All in all it took almost FOUR HOURS to get all our food. Lest you think we ordered everything on the menu, we ordered the following:Mussels, Fried pickles, Poutine, Grilled Bread, Devils on Horseback, and the Bone marrow.The food has definitely improved since our first dining experience. The mussels were very tasty, and I definitely enjoyed the poutine. The grilled bread came with a very good strawberry rubharb jam. A word of warning about the bone marrow, it is well executed but the individual bones have little in each (compared to most places that serve bone marrow).All in all, a good dining experience if you're looking to spend the evening. If you've got a show to catch you might want to head elsewhere.
4	Meat & Potatoes get 5 stars for food and 2-3 stars for service.  The food is great, near amazing.  Tasted everything at the table, which ranged from Roasted Branzino, to Risotto to the Pub Burger.  For a Meat & Potato place, they did fish (Branzino) and risotto some of the best I have ever had.  The Pub Burger was nothing short of amazing.  Loved it.  Maybe death row last meal good.Decent selection of beers, nothing to write home about but a few good small craft choices.  Good bar and good place for drinks and snacks as well as a meal.The service is a different story.  Our server, Emily, I think we were actually bothering her to be there.  Seemed not to want to work or take care of customers.  Also, we asked her what Devil of Horseback was (a small plate).  She described it wonderfully and the four of us all oohed and aahed.  She neglected to tell us only 3 came on the plate.  She could have told us and offered to add a fourth or tell us to get two.  She seemed experienced just full of attitude.  Based on some other reviews, may be a common theme so be forewarned.Overall small place but really good food with under attentive staff.
5	Thank god for these guys a bit of new York in the burgh  keep it up.
5	I was again impressed by the service here! I took my family here after my graduation and we were seated in semi private area that had the appearance of a farm kitchen with a modern twist.The restaurant handled our group of 7 with ease and everyone was extremely satisfied. My foodie brother from Boston was especially impressed. I knew there was a reason I loved this place.
3	The mussels with frites are AMAZING. Flatbreads are pretty good. Chairs are super comfy, thank goodness because service is pretty slow.
4	Another GREAT night of dining in Pittsburgh. Believe it or not, you can do very well here without ordering red meat. Me and my 2 guests had salmon and duck entrees w/pierogies, a delicious flatbread starter with roasted mushrooms and truffle, and watermelon and Waldorf salads. Music selection was terrible, but the food made me forget it momentarily. Really "Car Wash" from the 70s in the background?
4	Ok so we had a really bad experience the first time we went here, then a good food experience, but extremely long wait the second time, a great lunch with a new friend at the bar, and at the Great Happy Hour competition they had our favorite bite of the night! When we went back for dinner the food was definitely delicious and interesting, but for a bunch of small plates and appetizers we were at dinner for over three and a half hours. We tried the bread with jam and goat butter that was delicious!  We also ordered the fried pickles which were just okay in my opinion, but my husband is the one who counts these among his favorite foods and he enjoyed them, but thought that the spears would have worked better than the chips. We also had the fried Brussels sprouts which I loved, it came with a citrus aioli which I didn't even need because these were perfectly salted and easily pop-able! We also tried the devils on horseback, which I didn't personally like, but my husband did.  My favorite taste of the night was the bone marrow, but I have had it quite a few times, and I found that these bones lacked the filling of others that I have had in the past.  Finally at the end of the 3 hours the curry mussels came out at which point we were tired and just took them home.  Overall we weren't sure that we would ever be back.Then Quay said that she would show me the virtues of this establishment and we made plans to have lunch together. Her first tip was to eat at the bar.  She said the service was always good and you still received the same quality food.  On the Friday when we went the bar was quiet, but we definitely had great service. The bartender made many different drinks, and took personal preference into consideration and crafted cocktails that were interesting and off menu for us.  For lunch I ordered the duck which was delicious!  It was cooked to the proper temperature and the accompanying savory sides were much different than the sweet preparations I have had in the past, but it was delicious and I ate every last bite!Then last night we attended the Great Happy Hour competition and the Korean Bao at the Meat & Potatoes table was our favorite taste of the night!  Now my husband is convinced and we will be back!
4	Meat and Potatoes is a very good spot that comes with a fairly high price tag but delivers decently well for the price. The food is good and there are a great selection of cocktails.That being said don't expect to have your socks blown off. Its good but not great. With a name like Meat and potatoes I would have liked to see more steak choices. Give the place a shot.
5	Stopped in here after a strong recommendation from someone during my trip to Pittsburgh. Based on the name, it didn't sound like the kind of place I could show up in a suit, but I wasn't about to go to the hotel and change clothes. To my surprise, this place was as trendy and chic as could be, and full of after work professionals.I sat at the bar and started with an order of wings. Turned out to be best wings I've had in quite a while. I then ordered the pork chop which comes with apple cole slaw, pastrami and baked beans. The pork chop is huge! But the meal is delicious. Everything was awesome and the only reason i didn't finish the pork chop was because it was so big.  The rum selection at this place was also awesome, which in my eyes completed what was an excellent experience. Highly recommended!
2	I'm disappointed in the service and the kitchen at Meat & Potatoes. First, I usually expect my server to know what the daily specials are, but our server read the brunch menu off of a handwritten list that she was carrying around. When it was time for dessert, she again read from her list. It appeared that she either missed one of the desserts or the kitchen had run out (we saw the table next to us order a dessert that wasn't offered to us).Second, I was unhappy with the wait time. We waited quite a while for a table, though this was probably largely our fault for not reserving a table for Sunday brunch. But then on top of that, we waited far too long for our food after we ordered. We waited at least half an hour for our food to come in this crowded, noisy restaurant. Our server never stopped by our table to tell us what was going on with our order but let us sit and talk amongst ourselves about how long we were waiting for our meal. I'm not sure what was going on in the kitchen, but we waited over half an hour for our food. The restaurant was busy, but surely not any busier than any other Sunday brunch period. We ordered straight off the menu, so there was no excuse for the delay. I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup, which was fairly good. There wasn't too much cheese on my sandwich, which I took to be intentional. In fact, I was talking about how some restaurants put too much cheese on their sandwiches, thus crowding out out the deliciousness of the fresh bread! Then my chef husband pointed out where the cheese had run off the sandwich and melted onto the grill while being overcooked. The cheese had been cooked right out of my sandwich.My husband ordered the brisket flat bread and was disappointed. He thought it tasted charred ("dirty oven taste") and underseasoned. Our other dining companion ordered the short rib hash. She said it was delicious, but she couldn't eat the bottom layer of potatoes in the dish because they were sitting in a puddle of grease. There were a few other things on the menu that I was thinking I'd try next time, but after today's experience, I probably won't go back.
5	Great experience overall - friendly waitstaff and bartenders - food was delicious. We ordered the smoked wings and the bone marrow as appetizers. It was so much food - which made me very happy - and really delicious. The smoked wings were by far our favorite. For dinner my husband ordered the lamb shank with white beans and kale - very good and incredibly tender lamb shank. I ordered the duck breast - only complaint - the chimichurri sauce seemed misplaced and combated with the delicious flavor of the duck breast - would order again - but request no chimichurri. Found this restaurant when in Pittsburgh for a weekend - have already recommended to two different friends planning trips within the next six months. We weren't able to get reservations until 9:45 - but it was worth the wait. Recommend making reservations a few days beforehand to ensure you get a time slot that works for you. The decor is fun - but was very happy to see that the food out-shined the decor - as sometimes it tends to be the more hip the interior - the less quality the food - not at Meat and Potatoes!
5	The main course was just ok but that may have just been because of how full i was from appetizers which were incredible. The mac and cheese was especially amazing and a must try.
5	Everything we ate was AWESOME!!! What a cool place! We will definitely go back !
2	My review in one word - disappointing. How about two words? Very disappointing. We were so excited to try this place after strong yelp reviews and friends' recommendations so we saved our first visit for my birthday. 6:15 Saturday night reservations started off great. Seated right away, asked if we had theater plans so they could make sure they tended us in a timely manner. Seemed like a great beginning. That was when it went downhill. The two of us were seated along the wall where the " tables" for two are located. These tables are woefully small and completely inadequate for any dinner setting. And they are so close together!! They are essentially thigh width apart!! There should be a minimum state requirement of butt width for goodness sake! Even the skinny busboys couldn't wedge themselves in there. When your chair is wider than the table, you know it's bad. Makes for a very disruptive dining experience when your neighbor leaves. Plus, I think the fire marshall should have a look at this. Can't be safe. When I say close together, I mean the plates of the diners on either side of me were just as close to me as my wife's across the table! Everything was in arms reach. I wanted a table for two, not a party of six. I am not that interested in your life, trust me. Beer served in cans is not my style but I did one anyway. Arrived warm. Wanted to try the smoked wings we'd heard about so we started with those and the curry mussels. Both came out together and we literally had to stack them on top of each other on the table since it was so tiny. Ridiculous. The wings were the best thing all night - good, not great. I'm a huge mussels fan and was excited when they arrived looking fresh and delish. They were large but not delish. There was NO flavor. Bland with a capital B. No curry flavor at all - I think the steaming liquid would have tasted better.  Did the spice cabinet turn out to be empty? Nice quantity though. Just not what I would have expected. Frankly I could have stopped eating here - and wish I had. We had placed our entire order at one time. I ordered the brisket sandwich and my wife the short rib flatbread. Between appetizers and entree was at least 50 minutes. At one point I was finally able to grab our server ( where DOES she does disappear to?) and told her, if it's not out now, just cancel the order. She had stopped by 25 minutes prior and said they'd be out in one minute. Wrong.Amazingly, mine came out but she dropped the flat bread in the kitchen.  Service disaster. Let's just say 2 1/2 hours is way too long for what we had. One hour waits between courses? Absurd. Service was among the worst I've ever experienced. And the brisket? After 3 bites I put my utensils down. Not good at all. Another flavorless serving. Flatbread? Awful. Short rib my eye. If there was more than an ounce of short rib on there I'll buy your next meal. I feel bad giving it two stars but that was what my experience calls for. Oh, and the very limited draft beer menu? No Oktoberfest at all. Instead, a summer session ale? I mean, come on guys - this is October! There's no excuse for that. And at $7 and $10 each for our drafts, this is not a place I'd even want to drink.
4	Went here for a late dinner, since it was way past the dinner hour, we walked in, waited 1/2 hour for a table. The bone marrow is a must! Pig ear salad had fried pork skin!!! Would have given 5 stars but cannot for 2 reasons, portions are large, tables are not, and I understand the lighting sets the ambiance, but the menu is very hard to read, othe than that, Meat and Potatoes lived up to all it's hype.
2	We were very excited to try this restaurant and went there on Saturday night for my husband's birthday. After reading a lot of the Yelp reviews, I was looking forward to the food and was concerned about the poor service many before us reviewed.Well as you may guess by the rating, neither the food or the service was up to par. In my opinion, one of the very best things a restaurant can do to ensure its success is to make sure their servers are knowledgeable, gracious, super efficient & personable. If I'd had that, I'd probably give the food another chance. The most glaring failure during order taking was asking if we wanted bread or frites with our mussels and failing to mention when my husband said frites that he would again be served French fries with his brisket sandwich. Who seriously needs 2 orders of fries during 1 service? Our first beers we ordered off the bar menu were served in cans - that's an inexcusable restaurant decision that I wish they had made more obvious on that bar menu. Seriously, it's a gastropub not a tailgate!  Draft beers were not mentioned by our server and had we not read the board on the other side of the bar and done an online search for the beer's description, we wouldn't have known they existed or what they were. She had no idea about any of the drafts when we asked.So many things on the menu were appealing we decided to order 4 items. We started with the smoked wings (recommended highly by other Yelpers) and the curry mussels. I got the feeling if we hadn't specified to our server that we considered the final 2 items to be our entrees, that all 4 items would have shown up at our ridiculously tiny table for 2 at once. When the 2 appetizers arrived at once we had to pile everything on top of each other because the table didn't have room for 2 appetizers plus 2 small appetizer plates. The wings were actually really delicious with a nice smokey flavor and turned out to be  the highlight of the meal. The mussels were nicely sized and plentiful but the curry sauce was sorely lacking in flavor. Then our server disappeared for 20 minutes, stopped by to tell us she was sorry about our wait but our food would be up in 1 minute, then disappeared for 25 additional minutes. My husband found her scurrying by long enough to tell her to please cancel the rest of our food if it wasn't already sitting in the back. She disappeared for another 5 minutes and appeared with only my husband's brisket sandwich which came with more frites. She squeezed into the tiny space between us & the next table and informed me that my short rib flatbread had hit the floor as she was racing it to our table but that they had started another one and it would be done in 7 minutes. Not sure why the first one couldn't come out in 45 if it only took 7 to cook. Neither the brisket nor the flatbread were very good and unfortunately our attitudes toward Meat & Potatoes weren't either by the end of the evening.
5	This place is exactly what it seems - comfort food done "fancy" as the person who sat next to me at the bar said. The bar had had to find beers and a great wine selection...you know you're getting old when you start caring about that. The beef tartare I had for my app was so good it made me rethink the ones I had been served in France. For dinner we had lamb and steak and both were perfect. The restaurant is tiny so be prepared to wait for a table and get to know the people around you. Our waiter was funny, engaging and well versed on the menu so they get extra credit for a super staff. However they train them they do it right!
5	I smile just thinking about Meat and Potatoes. I've stopped in several times, but mostly for brunch on the weekends. In fact, I went for brunch yesterday (10/14). Enjoyed two make your own bloody mary's and their oh so yummy and scrumptious pumpkin pancake special. To say the least, I enjoyed every morsel of pancake on the plate. The bartender, Cecil, jokingly told me that he had to remove my plate before I started licking it. He was right. M&P is a warm and cozy restaurant...exactly the type of atmosphere I enjoy when dining for brunch. My only gripe (but a plus for the restaurant) is that getting a reservation is becoming more and more difficult. Nonetheless, I will continue dining at M&P and already plan to return next weekend. You might be wondering if I booked a reservation? You bet I did.
4	My wife and I decided to try Meat and Potatoes for weekend brunch since we have enjoyed dinner and drinks before.  We were not disappointed.  Their brunch menu is unique with great twists on eggs, waffles and french toast.  My short rids and hash with poached eggs was a very hearty start to the day and the french toast had a great mix of sweetness with banana AND bacon brittle!  Add a Bloody Mary made with bacon infused vodka and enjoy!
5	I've been giving a lot of five star reviews lately, but truly on the driving vacation I was on, I managed to stumble on a bunch of really excellent stops...thanks to Yelp.Truly innovative menu and perfect execution of the dishes.  Service was outstanding.Recommended, the bone marrow appetizer, really special.The "pork" on the main menu was a massive double cut, brined and smoked pork chop that was just amazing.
4	Amazing gastropub in downtown Pittsburgh.  We've been here for after-dinner drinks and snacks, but most recently had the opportunity to check out their brunch, which they have on Saturdays and Sundays.On a recent Sunday we tried to call ahead for reservations but were informed that they were completely booked.  However, we discovered that if you don't mind sitting at the bar, you can show up for brunch and walk right in.  We got there right at 10:30 and we had no problems.  Great atmosphere: exposed brick with a marble-top bar and old-school fixtures and weird antler-type chandeliers and things hanging on the walls, and a lot of mirrors and chalkboards where specials are written on the wall. They had many brunch specials, but we went with the Irish Benedict and the Huevos Ranchero.  The Irish Benedict had an amazing hollandaise sauce over poached eggs, corned beef, cheese and some yummy thick toast.  The Huevos Ranchero were also amazing, with a delicious tomato-chili sauce, picked onions, and black beans.  Both meals were so large that we couldn't finish them.  I also ordered the potato gratin on the side, but it was sort of meh in comparison to everything else.  And the brunch cocktails were delicious: the papaya bellini was great, but the French 76 was amazing.   They have an extensive bloody mary bar which we didn't get, but it looked really fun, with all these self-serve fixins like tons of different types of olives, asparagus, artichoke, etc. etc.Overall, great service, great atmosphere, fantastic food.  We'll be back for more Meat & Potatoes!
5	Yup,still awesome.Their drink menu still rocks, satisfying all of my boardwalk empire cocktail re-enactments. This time it was a marvelous rye whiskey and laphroig concoction with a large dose of citrus. I think the citrus might have overpowered the smokiness in the whiskey bev, but either way it was still awesome.We all shared some devils on horseback (must eat bacon wrapped figs, nom!), and some wagyu beef sashimi (double nom).My main course was the duck with chimichurri (what a fun word, perhaps my first born son will be named chimichurri). It was very good, and did not have the typical fatty-gamey flavor of duck and had a more roast beef consistency. My girlfriend ordered the lamb roast and, whew, that was a hit. She continues to perpetually make superior orders to mine. M  and P is still one of the best restaurants in the 412.
5	SO utterly pleased with my experience at M&P. We reserved with OpenTable through Yelp for an 8:15pm seating on a Thursday, so although we arrived about 30 mins early, we were seated within 15 minutes. i would recommend doing the same, as the other yelpers seem to have long waits otherwise...Drinks--creative and delicious (my choice: Moscow Mule in its own self-titled copper mug)Food--also inspired. i loved the devils on horseback and could've eaten another two orders on my own. Mussles tasted fresh and well-seasoned. the pasta i ordered was a bit undercooked, but the 3-meat sauce it came in more than made up for that shortcoming. charcuterie board was delish and enough to satisfy, but not fill 2 people up before their meal.Service--attentive but busyVibe--industrial, cool, funky; great for an intimate group of friends or a date.Can't wait to come back to Pittsburgh one day and return...Walk to nearby Andy's at the Fairmont hotel for a nightcap, and enjoy the fab jazz trio and sophisticated atmosphere :)
5	This restaurant shined like a gem. Candle light twinkling glasses clinking.Right now my mind equals blown.  This restaurant has thee best ambiance of any I have ever dined at. I was so blown away by Meat and Potatoes I want, no I need more. I ordered the fried pickles with spicy ranch and the sweetbread tacos. The food was so good I wanted to weep tears of joy.  The sweetbread tacos.  I could tell some one who loves cooking made my food. The bartenders were so sweet and oh so handsome, Meat and Potatoes have some nice eye candy...and even better food. My waiter held a conversation with me, which for me went a long way because I was tad nervous dining alone at a new upscale place...and a bit intimated.  I have found my new favorite restaurant it's such great a feeling like falling in love for the first time.  I want everything on the menu.Meat and Potatoes you've got it all, you're sexy from your head to your toes!
4	So went back the very next night, this time accompanied by my boyfriend. For a quick bite after work at 10pm. Eating at Meat and Potatoes was like a dream the first time. I had to go back a  second time to make sure it was real and that I hadn't only dreamed it and now we have reservations for dinner on Saturday. They read me the specials!!! It's just the little things. He loved it! As I knew he would.  He commented on the music and even sang along to some of the songs. They were playing music that was just his style a lot of old school, R and B. As if some one  at the restaurant had plugged his iphone to speakers lol.  I am a creature of habit , I got the fried  pickles again and the sweetbread tacos again, he ordered a pub burger.  The burger was a bit charred on the outside, but was topped with smoky pork belly pastrami and a fried egg. He said the yolk from the egg made a nice sauce on the burger. My complaints.  The hostess took a little longer than I thought was necessary to find us a table even though half the tables were empty. There was less meat in my sweetbread tacos tonight then there was the previous night and the table was so tiny it made me nervous that something would go crashing to the floor. Also the drafts were written in white marker on a mirror that was 15 feet away from our table.  But I suppose I could have just asked the waitress.Meat and Potatoes is so dim it's hard to read the menu. I am enchanted by Meat and Potatoes.
4	Visiting from San Diego we stumbled along the Meat & Potatoes website. The options sounded great and the other Yelp reviews made up our minds for us. We paid for parking, walked a couple of blocks and were NOT thrilled to hear there was a 4 hour wait - are you kidding me! We were told we could check the seating around the bar, we did. Squeezed into 2 end seats and were quickly greeted by the bartender complete with page-boy cap, suspenders, white t with sleeves rolled 3/4 of the way up - really added to the decor.My hubby started with the Dunquesne Pilsner beer, and I started with an iced tea. The beer, in the words of my hubby, "it was a good drinking beer". Our starter was the Artisanal Cheese Board, and it was super yummy! The local cheese was tasty, but my fav was the local strawberry preserves! Fresh dates, apple slices, candied pecans and toasted fresh bread were great accompaniments to the cheese.Our entrees: Pappardelle for my hubby and the Brisket Sandwich. My mouth still waters when I think of my hubby's Pappardelle pasta! The pasta was fresh made, the short rib and pork shoulder were perfectly tender and tasty, the bolognese sauce was the perfect addition, not too overpowering, just right! My Brisket Sandwich was good, very big! The slaw was a little different than I expected, not in a bad way though. The overall taste was good, a solid 3 stars, but the Pappardelle deserved a solid 5 stars!The overall place gets a solid 4 stars, but the pasta dish and our bartender service gets a 5!
5	This is hands down my favorite brunch spot in Pgh. Great spot to bring visitors from out of town. I've been 4-5 times, ordered something different each time and everything is always absolutely delicious. They have a bloody mary bar...but I usually go with ordering mine from the bar because they are SO good and I don't want to ruin it trying to make it myself.Awesome atmosphere, comfy tables (could hang out for hours) and really amazing soundtrack. Make a reservation...it gets packed.
3	In short, very disappointed with both the service and uninspired kitchen.  As a business, M&P lacks true character by trying to fulfill too much and does not hit any of the marks correctly.If you are a person who shops via brand name itself, this will be the place for you.  If you are a person who says this chartreuse and maroon tie I'm wearing would go great with a black IPA, head elsewhere.1. Pretentious.Having lived in Austin and Portland, you get a sense of style about a place.  This has the sense of going too over the top in many areas such as the decor and music choices.  The bartenders have "prohibition era" hats and some obligatory hipster beards while the music was a bouncy jazz song that played on repeat trying to mask the noise from the crowded place.   As others mentioned, the tables are extremely tiny geared for a lounge and go type of place.The menu calls canned bear as "Tin" .  With all that room on the menu, should it not simply say "Not on draught" or "Bottle".  Why not "Aluminum"?  Personally, go breaking bad and just put the scientific symbol "AL13".  But as others mentioned, a PUB means beer on draught; put the bottles on another list - in fact, just put the drinks on another list.Refer to Peche in Austin, TX for the right way on how to focus on a "theme" (in Peche's case, limited french food, Absinthe and Prohibition cocktails)2. Basic Stewardship underwhelming in a cultural district.Sorry to say, but the staff did not seem to engage with customers more than a basic order taker.  The server did not have knowledge about the beers and could not articulate the flavors of the specials on the menu for us to care; you were left to do the addition.  e.g. Mussles + Curry + White Wine = "Oh yeah, a light spicy flavor with a salty twinge"When asked about the wine and drink list it was a similar reaction.3. Menu needs loveThe menu was fairly large and had multiple sections to work with.  There was nothing that called itself out as "I'm why they call it M&P bitch" other than the also obligatory (Amarillo Texas Styled) Big steakLike many early gastropubs, they try focusing on the (fancy?) ingredients more than the mood they're trying to hit with the food.  Give it a condensed description and useful name.  "Flaming Firey Wings of Damnation" is a good example.With a name like Meat and Potatoes, just lay it out there on one side in big letters of MEAT.  Show off the proteins in bold.4. Food is uninspired. Had the smoked wings (per other recommendations) and as a self-identified wingman, these were lightly smoked but could have come from Quaker down the block.The sweetbread tacos were interesting as a different meat but it too lacked a palate definition.I tried very hard to interrogate the server on other options.  Even to suggest a place with "Meat" in the name should try different styles of beef.  Refer to Victory 44 in Minneapolis, MN for the right way.With a name like Meat and Potatoes, you expect hearty.  With a floral patterned menu and jazzy beat you get not gastropub but "new American"
2	My dreams have been dashed. I have this theory about resturants that the later in the evening the worse off the service, the cooks/ wait staff are more tired I'm more tired...that's my  way of rationalizing poor service. I ordered fried chicken livers and the mac and cheese I nibbled on these bits while sipping on a beer at the bar.  I then ordered the three little pigs to go.  The bar tender took my food away and boxed it up, then another waiter came with a bag that had my to go sandwhich in it.  I asked, "Is all my food in here"? He said "yes".  So I paid and left . Well well well when I got home  only the sandwhich was in the box.  I always do the bag check when dining at say Wendys ...but I didn't think I would have to do a bag check at Meat and Potatoes. What a let down I wanted to finish my mac and cheese.The buddy waiter/bartender system they have at the bar is confusing and I must say I don't like it. The Mac and Cheese was so yummy too with smokey pulled pork through out. Gosh I wish I had checked that darn bag for the rest of my food lol.
4	If you love meat then this is the place for you!I have been twice. The first time was for a work lunch. For lunch I had the black and blue burger which was on special that day. It was freaking OUTSTANDING! It was one of the best burgers I have ever had. The fries are so damn good too! Service was perfect. Most of my co workers got watermelon salads and they loved them as well but all said the salads needed more watermelon. Also I love the big, comfy chairs. They make you fill right a home. I wish I could take a couple sets home with me!The second time I went I took my girls for Sunday Brunch after church. (Reservations are a must on Sundays!)  Stupid me did not make reservations so we had to wait almost 45 minutes and scored an table indoors. Initially we were told the wait would be an hour to an hour and a half for an outside table so that wasn't so bad.We started off with the fried taters as our app. My wife and I had the Chicken and Waffles and our daughter had the Grilled Cheese with some delicious Tomato Soup. For drinks we all had iced tea.We enjoyed the chicken and waffles but they weren't what we expected. The chicken was defiantly over coated as you had to really work through all of the crunchy skin to get to the moist chicken. The cheddar waffles were more of a corn bread consistency with a surprise kick of Jalapeno. The saving grace was the bourbon bacon syrup. All I can say is wow! Service was just as good the second time as the first. Sarah P. was great again as she was our waitress both times. My only complaint is that there is no kids menu and there were a ton of kids there for Sunday Brunch. All in all a great edition to the Pittsburgh Fine Dining Scene.
2	First visit; tries too hard and misses on basics..my wife and I had lunch and she had fish and chips, I had pork sandwich. too many salty chips...why is salt have to be used at such high quantities? sandwich was very messy ...do chefs ever to try and eat their meals with business attire on? Fish was average and also made mushier  by the cole slaw bed. a great fish and chips is balanced and crisp...the basics need to be fixed before the "innovative gastromics" can be appreciated. oh and way too expensive for what u get now.
5	Food was outstanding! The pork chop which is smoked was ridiculously juicy and flavorful. Curry mussels were delicious, I could have licked the bowl clean. Tres leches cakes was perfect. Cocktails were just ok, a bit overpriced for how much they give you. Service was great. Will go back for sure, but will stick with wine.
4	This is a review ONLY for the burger.That's because I love burgers. I seek out good burgers. In fact, the other day I was told a good chef in Memphis (whose restaurants is allegedly not doing well) commented he would *never* put a burger on his menu. That's a really silly idea. There are people like me who travel for work and check yelp for a great local burger. People like me read reviews of good burgers and then travel specifically to the restaurant for the burger. Which of course adds to revenues and grows business.Meat & Potatoes is trying very hard to be a trendy gastropub in downtown Pittsburgh. Located in a "new" building the restaurant was created to feel like it's been here for years. They focus like any gastropub on good food and good alcohol, using every part of the animal they can. I visited for lunch, not dinner, but the burger was of course on the menu.This was a very good burger. Topped with caramelized onions, havarti cheese, tomato jam and arugula, the well-proportioned meat sat squarely between a freshly baked bun. The bun was out of this world. A bite was an explosion of flavors. I would absolutely come here again for the burger.The fries were fine. Freshly cut, lots of salt, and served with a small serving of ketchup. Four stars for a really good burger.
4	Excellent food but the service was lackluster.  I felt as though any request took approx 10-15 minutes to fill and my party is not hard to please.
5	I arrived with a couple friends for a Sunday brunch.  The menu was very intriguing and I ordered the Irish eggs benedict (corned beef) on the basis of a recommendation from the bartender.   A monstrosity appeared as my meal and at first I was quite worried due to the size that it would not be great.  Fortunately, the dish was succulent and despite my better judgement I finished all of the huge platter of 2 poached eggs and corned beef, although I did leave much of the hollandaise sauce as it was too much.  The wait staff were attentive and I was able to try a number of microbrew Stouts with the Irish eggs benedict (these went together quite well) as my glass never was quite finished before they asked if I wanted another.  There is also an incredible scotch cabinet as you walk in the door.  This is one of the best collections of scotch that I have seen outside of NYC.
5	Have been several times for dinner--always excellent--short rib flatbread is magical.  I went to brunch here for first time.  Short rib hash with 2 perfectly luscious poached eggs.  Perfection.
4	We arrived 20 minutes earlier than our reservation, so we decided to indulge in a dirty martini before dinner. For $21 we got two less than 6 ounce martinis, excluding the tip. As a Miami Beach local, I am used to overpriced cocktails but was surprised by this in Pittsburgh.Afterwards, we were seated at a very comfortable table for two closely nestled between two other tables. I tend to avoid seating situations like this, but it wasn't overwhelming. In fact, it gave us an opportunity to see what other diners were enjoying. To my surprise their signature appetizer is bone marrow, which is literally served in the cow bone, which is then spread across bread. We weren't feeling adventurous enough for that and decided to try the fried pickles, risotto, and Mac n Cheese instead. We split our entree - a flat iron flap steak, which was perfectly cooked and jam packed with flavor. The wine list was simple and in comparison to the cocktails, very affordable, I had a bottle of Malbec while my boyfriend went with a bottle of Pinot Grigio - both under $34. Overall the staff was pretty attentive but we still had to hunt down our waitress every so often. I absolutely hated their choice of glassware. Wine served in tumbler glasses and martinis served in a weird sort of snifter. I'll pass on that. I would recommend this place to friends.
5	Oh my, the cocktails!!Hold up, Pittsburgh. How lucky are you to have Meat & Potatoes? VERY lucky, I tell you.Strangely enough I only came here for cocktails - but got numerous whiffs of the nearby plates of fellow diners. While I can't comment first hand on the plates, dear god, if they tasted anything like they smelled (or looked!) you're in really good shape.Now onto what I did experience: The hand-crafted, creative, top-quality cocktails made by extremely knowledgeable bartenders who care about the craft itself.If you like spicy drinks, try the El Segundo immediately. Tequila, yellow chartreuse, pineapple, cilantro and the real kicker, jalapeno. It was perfect. Meanwhile, if something doesn't tickle your fancy on the menu, ask your bartender! My counterpart and I had a blast being the "test drinkers" for the staff!Great, great, great place!
5	Gastropubs are an up and coming experience for the diner and drinker :) but the concept of meat and potatoes in the burgh has identity, individuality and unique appeal.This place resonates with you well after you leave in positive vibes!  The decor is welcoming and warm with a successful blend of early 20th century artifacts and hip contemporary design and color. The menu is intense and truly a carb fiesta! Beers in the house are plentiful in selection and the service was outstanding. The server knows the brews, recommends wonderful ales that accompany whatever choice from the menu . This is now a staple for me on each visit to the steel city. Try it, you will not be disappointed! Excellent experience and meal.
4	I really want to give this place 5 stars, but I'm having trouble. I'll try to break down my thoughts about this place, but overall, I loved it! It's a unique place and very few restaurants in the city have a similar vibe or menu.Atmosphere: Awesome! It's right downtown and in the midst of the cultural district happenings. It's also a little dark inside, but very eclectic, with a trendy, gastropub vibe and drawings of cows (which I enjoy).Food: Here is where I love and also a little torn. I loved what I had, but I felt like there was a bit of an identity crisis involved. The food was eclectic, but also kind of random. They are called "meat and potatoes" but didn't really have the menu that reflected that name. Maybe that's meant to be the irony, for which case, they did fine. For example, if you wanted just a steak (I'm not a steak person, btw), then you'd have to order the steak offering that is for 2 people. You'd think that a simple option, like steak, is what this place would own. Otherwise, the mussels for an appetizer were great and I also loved my entree (but to be honest, I don't remember what I got now).Service: Pretty decent, although our server seemed to be in a bad mood and the others around us seemed to have a server that enjoyed what they were doing. This may have improved the experience quite a bit.
5	I love beer and good food. I was looking forward to eating here for awhile before i go my opportunity. The food was great, the bone marrow was better than anticipated. I was a little, okay really sad that all their beers in bottles and have none on tap. That being said Meat & Potatoes is by far the best restaurant in the Cultural District. Surrounded by upscale restaurants that serve bland food, in corporately designed dining rooms, with mediocre service M&P shines as genuine and brilliant. This place is always busy every day so either go early for lunch/brunch be ready to wait your turn.
4	Food was good and atmosphere was great... But it was WAY overpriced!
4	Came here on two separate occasions - once for dinner and once for drinks and appetizers. This place always seems to be packed no matter what day of the week, so be sure to make a reservation!I highly recommend the mussels of the day! The mussels were really clean and fresh, and well-prepared; didn't have a bitterness that bad mussels can have, like at the all-you-can-eat chinese buffets (bleh!).The poutine appetizer was a real disappointment. After having poutine for the first time earlier this year in Toronto, Canada, I was looking forward to see and try Meat & Potatoes' take on the dish. What ended up coming to the table looked more like wanna-be gourmet cheesy fries than actual poutine. Definitely would come back for the mussels, skipping the appetizers.
4	I went here for lunch with a friend, and it was a pretty nice experience.The high rating is due to the food - it was really delicious.  The food had enough ingredients to make sandwiches etc. more upscale, without going over the top.  It's a place I can take my foodie friend to, and also my, for lack of a better word, meat-and-potatoes boyfriend.  The interior was lovely - dark brown and white coloring, a little cramped (but pleasantly so, if that's a thing), and intimate.The dessert was a pomegranate rosewater cheesecake.  I think that's all that needs to be said.The reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is the price and the service.  The price is a bit higher, which I have no problem with if the experience is worth it.  Although the food was delicious, the overall experience just wasn't up to par with what we paid, in my opinion.  The service was also painfully slow for lunch.  Most restaurants open for lunch downtown move at a faster clip than dinner, since most patrons are taking a 1-hour lunch break.  Eating there took almost 2 hours.Overall, I would still go back there in a heartbeat.  The food and atmosphere was great, if you don't mind paying a little bit more and have the time.
4	Overall: An excellent lunch and dinner experience. The service accommodating, the drinks well-balanced, and the food savory, if slightly rich. An easy choice for Pittsburgh fine-dining.__________________________________________Ambiance (4/5): One room and large, so it doesn't get to "chill", but otherwise very relaxed, festive, and modern, if a little chatty from the other guests and expansive from the very-large bar.one room and a small private table with door, industrial feel with pipes and low-power lights hanging from the high ceilings above. bar of 20. high ceilings, rustic wall mounts of deer heads, greens hang from lights for Christmas, tree lit in corner. Soft ambiance play from above, hum to the place.__________________________________________Service (4/5): Prompt, if stand-off, arguably "know it all" in delivery, but exceptionally accommodating during lunch and overall very genial and helpful.Immediate water and refills, long list of suggestions with general portion sizes indicated. Recommendations were as described. Took a bit of time delivering between appetizers though restaurant fairly packed.I returned for lunch the next day.. 35 minutes after the kitchen had closed! I placed an order at 1:55, they cooked it and put it at the bar. It was still warm, waiting, when I arrived at 2:35. I never felt rushed sitting down this late, and they accommodated me perfectly.__________________________________________Drinks (5/5): Mixed drinks have a fantastic balance of flavor, alcohol, and texture. Small craft beer selection.1) sloe gin fizz - awesome lightness with gin and citrus, juniper a bit lost but consistency creamy with egg. Fantastic stuff.2) Sgt peppers old fashioned - bitters and orange work well together, pull out bourbon oak and heat while tempering. Pepper keeps drink light, very low sugar presence compared to sometimes over sweetened profile. One of the best old fashioneds I've drank. Another winner!__________________________________________Food (4/5): Aside from a few textural shortcuts and missteps, this is excellent cuisine, both lunch and dinner. Rich and hearty yet balanced and inventive, I look forward to trying another round.1) tartare - spicy from the chili bowl-glaze and Jalapeno crunch! Soft boiled egg sits atop (done perfectly). Seaweed definitely noticeable. Light onion as well. Quality meat, lighter smoke unnoticeable unless you separate from fixins. Peanut adds a distinguished crunch though the flavor contrasts a bit. Lighter, more conflicted from so many ingredients, not as rustic or simple. I prefer softer texture of bittering agents like arugula, black pepper, and capers to the harsher texture here, and the spice heat slightly hides meat, but very good stuff.2) Bone marrow - rich, fatty melt in mouth, nice use of salt, white onion, caper to cut richness though still a lot. Bread is hearty, absorbs marrow easily, but could be a bit crisper, though richness may overpower otherwise and sopping marrow out of bone is made easier. The coarse sea-salt is a textural issue against the marrow. It's gritty and cracks as the marrow melts in your mouth while you attempt chewing the bread.3) Tort sandwich - really crunchy bread. Light! Avocado cuts jalapeno sting, pork fat, radishes maintain levity. Waves of flavor, first light jalapeno and pickled radish, then brash mango aioli and avocado, light pork and smoke following as spice builds, before the toasty crunch finish. Really subtle, in control. Lightly dry without aioli.4) Mac and cheese - served in mini cast iron! thick! Lightly sweet, little burnt aspect so low textural contrast. Light influence from chorizo, hearty lightly stinging. Really solid and rich, though texturally a bit boring. She agreed.. "thick, rich".. just how I like..
4	We were in from Los Angeles for the holidays and wanted to find a restaurant to celebrate our two-year anniversary.SERVICE: i called earlier in the day to find out if i could make a reservation. the hostess said that the ONLY reservation was at 4pm. I didn't book that one, as it was way to early, but we decided to take a chance and drive into the city anyway. When we arrived around 7pm there were several empty two-tops and the bar was about half empty. we chose the bar. EXCELLENT service from the three or so bartenders!FOOD: so beyond good. i wish i had three stomachs so i could have tried everything. we shared the shortrib flatbread, tartare, fried brussel sprouts, and creme brulee.....COCKTAILS: again, excellent. i order a Manhattan everywhere I go and this one (ahem....two) were superb. also had a couple of cans of the Sofia Blanc de Blanc (bubbly in a cute little can! don't worry, they provide a champagne flute too)overall, i wish it were here in LA.read a full review with photos over on my blog: http://hourglassandbloom.wordpress.com/2013/01/07/meat-and-potatoes/
4	Cool trendy little spot in downtown Pittsburgh. We started with the fried brussle sprouts which were different but suprisingly good. For entrees my wife and I had the Pork chop and the chicken. The pork chop was very well prepared and definitely not recommended for someone who's not hungry as its huge. The chicken was tasteful tender and juicy. My only complaint is the round tables tend to be on the small side and can make eating slightly uncomfortable if you have more than two plates and drinks.
5	I love Meat & Potatoes.  You'll love it, too. Make a reservation!I've been there a few times now and it's been fricken awesome every. single. time. The first time I went there, it was Pgh Restaurant Week and they offered a 5 course tasting menu. It was the first time I'd ever had marrow. And if you are thinking, "Ew! Marrow??" Believe me. I was the same...until I ate it. And it was delicious.  Everything else we ate that night was also delicious. Fried chicken and jalapeno waffles. Sweetbread tacos. Grilled bread w/ goat butter and rhubarb jam....Sweet baby J. Can I tell you about that grilled bread??  GET IT.  It is offered as an app at brunch AND dinner, so no matter what time of day you are there, you can get it and you should. It's probably what God eats for breakfast.Spare rib hash for brunch? DO IT.So basically what I am saying is...The food is great. The service is also great - every time I've called to make a reservation (and I'm always last-minute b/c I'm a procrastinator), they've gone out of their way to fit us in. If I could marry a restaurant, I'd marry this one.
2	I can't review the food here but am disappointed in the service I received because I made reservations for 7 people a week in advance for a Thursday night dinner. We showed up to the restaurant with 1 more person and they told us they couldn't accommodate our party until at least 1030 when it was only 730. We told them we would squeeze the other person in and didn't mind if it was tight but they told us no and to try Six Penn down the street. Not very good customer service in my opinion, so 2 stars.
5	How has this place been open for two years and I haven't been there yet!    There was honestly not one bad thing about this visit.  From the amazingly interesting and tasty drinks to the perfectly plated duck, I really need to go back - now.Our trip there was my birthday lunch and since I was not going back to work, bring on the drinks.  I started with the glenshaw sour and was a bit disturbed by the egg whites that it contained, but all of my fears were alleviated with that first frothy lemony sip.  I followed that up with a brandy buck - how many birthday lunches does a person get?  Applejack brandy and pungent ginger were a perfect combination.M had the thai steak salad that was piled high with thin strips of skirt steak.  It looked amazing.  J had the mussels.  It might have been the biggest pile of mussels I have ever seen - and we eat a lot of mussels.  The pancetta in the sauce definitely differentiated these mussels from others around town.  I had the duck.  Perfectly medium rare duck slices over spaetzle with massive saurkraut pierogies.  I was in heaven.We finished it off with some of the creamist creme brulee I have ever had. Awesome birthday lunch.  Can't wait to go back for brunch, dinner, more lunch, drinks....
4	I went here with a group of friends to socialize and catch up as one of them was visiting. Parking is easy enough as there's parking garages close by, but the location between a Cabaret theater and a music hall means it can get busy before or after shows. Inside is dim with atmosphere and small, but it has a nice feel to it, plus the seats are very comfortable.Appetizers of flatbread pizza, fried pickles, and mussels were a great way to start. The pizza was very flavorful and I really liked it. The fried pickles were done in a way that the breading stuck with the pickles and didn't come apart when eaten. It wasn't that sour either, but just the right amount. The mussels by themselves could have served a meal. There were quite a bit as an appetizer and split nicely between the five of us. The soup base was an interesting mix of bacon and salmon roe, which worked extremely well with the mussels and bread on top.For entrees, I ordered the salmon along with another friend while other people ordered a burger, lamb shank, and pork chops with apple coleslaw. The salmon they had was a fusion of sorts where they mixed the idea of Korean bibimbap with an egg on salmon cooked medium. The salmon was cooked nicely, but combined the rest, it was a bit of a miss. The kimchi under the fish and the sauce used for bibimbap completely overpowered the whole dish. The black rice they used is supposed to be soft and sticky when cooked traditionally, but they seemed to have pan fried it to give it a crunchy texture. It could have worked, but tasted more like uncooked rice. The cucumber was slightly sweet and went along with the dish, but the kimchi/sauce still overpowered everything.Trying some of my friend's dishes, the lamb shank was soft and smooth, which I enjoyed. The pork was cooked well and my friend really enjoyed it. The serving size for both of these were large and filling. The salmon was a good size and filling as well. I didn't get a chance to try the hamburger, but my friend enjoyed it.For dessert, I decided to try the tiramisu they had. The presentation in a jar wasn't what I was expecting as tiramisu is usually presented as a small block on a dish. Once I dug in, I realized why it was in a jar:  The texture of dessert was more like pudding than bread-like, most likely due to the alcoholic content in it. Other than that, it was normal tiramisu in a more pudding form. It was okay, nothing impressive, but nothing bad either.Overall, with good service and good dishes for the most part, I would recommend people to try this place.
4	We stopped in last night.  I couldn't get reservations when I called earlier in the week, but we were going to Heinz Hall right across the street so we figured we might be able to get a seat at the bar.  Luckily we did.  It was packed and now we know why.  Good drinks, fantastic food.  We had the Brussel sprouts, Tartare, and the Mushroom flatbread.  All delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  Service was smooth and Chef DeShantz is a genius.
4	Meat & Potatoes has really yummy food.  My wife and I tried the specialty mushroom risotto, bone marrow flat bread, mushroom flatbread and the salmon.  They were all delicious.  This restaurant reminds of me a similar restaurant in Los Angeles that Iron Chef Mario Batali owns, called Mozza.  I must say, the server kept making mistakes with our food and brought out things that we didn't order, but that wasn't a big deal.  We loved this place and can't wait to go back.
5	I have to update this review. Even though I can't give it more than 5 stars, I just have to. I love this place that. much.I have to call out two of my favorite bartenders ever (of any place I've lived!), Blake and Mikey. The amount of awesome that they are is hard to describe. So I shan't. Just make sure you visit M&P some time on a weekday as they generally don't work weekends anymore and request a cocktail like the tequila old fashioned or the Honey Boo Boo.Also, the kobe beef corn dog. Omg, that corn dog. Best. Corn dog. Ever. The only reason I would consider not moving out of Pittsburgh (besides my boyfriend, of course ... ) is Meat & Potatoes. Now I'm sounding like the obsessive girlfriend, but damn y'all, the food is bombtastic.
5	I really wish I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars. My wife and I travel an hour and a half a few times every year just to eat here. It is definitely geared towards food savvy customers. With food coming on half sheet trays, and kitchen towels for napkins it makes restaurant employees from anywhere feel right at home. The servers and bar staff all seem to enjoy their jobs and take pride in everything they bring to the table.     First was the alcohol- They have an excellent list of spirits including many prohibition cocktails, which in my experience have all been delicious. I'm a bourbon drinker, and anytime I find buffalo trace on a menu it's a sign of good things to come. Their barrel aged manhattan was sweet and smooth, and had exactly the right amount of bitters and an imported cherry to boot.     Getting appetizers is far and away my favorite part about coming here. The chicken livers are out of this world, and I always get an order of bone marrow.I've never had anything here that was anything short of fantastic, but if I were to make a recommendation for an entree I would totally suggest getting into what ever offal parts they have on the menu, or any form braised meat ( shank or short rib).    Always remember to save room for dessert. I am not normally a fan of dessert or sweet things in general, but I always save room for that last course here. On our most recent visit I tried tiramisu which was one of the best I've ever had, but the toffee cake was to die for. It was served warm with a side of house-made whipped cream and pomegranate seeds, and I would have ordered a second one had I not been full to the point of bursting.All around great place, with refined drinks, fantastic appetizers, delicious meals, amazing desserts, and the most comfy chairs you could ask for.10/10Joe MacklinPS. To all the jag-offs out there who are complaining about things like being told you cant have more people than you made your reservation for, please stop going to restaurants all you do is cause headaches, and no one wants your business. Also to those who hated everything they tried, it is not the fault of the restaurant if you have poor taste.
5	I can not say enough good things about this restaurant. I took my mother, mother in law and sister in law here for brunch this morning and I think I had one of the single best meals of my life. We each ordered a bloody mary and thoroughly enjoyed the huge bloody mary bar with endless fixins and various infused vodkas. Absolutely delicious.I ordered the french toast breakfast and it was sublime. The sourdough bread makes for a substantive yet fluffy toast. The warm bananas and bacon almond brittle added a sweet/savory contrast. I couldn't get enough. The chicken and waffles were ginormous. Half of one chicken fried and served over a cheddar and jalapeno waffle. You'll take some home. It's that huge. Sister said it was phenomenal. MIL ordered the quiche of the day. It looked like a slice of cheesecake. It was huge! The eggs were fluffy and the quiche itself was flavorful. Mom got the lobster omelet. It looked amazing and mom sure cleaned her plate! We had vanilla creme brulee and maple tiramisu for dessert. Both dishes were rich, creamy and delicious.I will be going back for brunch very soon and very often. This is now my favorite restaurant in town!!
3	I've been to Meat and Potatoes three times over the last few months, with the most recent time being about two weeks ago, and the summary message is this: I've been unhappy with my last couple meals.First time Dinner: Appetizers were great --- unique and tasty. Drinks were great.  My wife and I shared the awesome 34oz Ribeye for two. This ribeye is served with a 1ft bone protruding from the edge of the cutting board style serving platter.  It came with huge steak fries and their bone butter (bone marrow and butter, spices, basically)  We could not have been happier with our meal.  Service was great.  This led to me trying them for lunch.Lunch: I had the soft-shell-crab sandwich.  While I knew I was being somewhat adventurous ordering this, I was completely turned off by the texture of the crab. I ate less than half of it and threw it away.  Bad experience.  I chalked this one up to bad menu selection.  (I did notice, however, that this item has been removed from the lunch menu.  I wonder why?!)Second Dinner:  This time, a different couple joined us for dinner before "Holiday Pops" across the street at Heinz Hall.  This time I ordered the Roasted Branzino, which is basically European seabass.  While the presentation was very impressive with basically the whole fish served in a skillet with potatoes, capers, tomatoes, fennel, and artichokes there were problems with the execution.  They remove the bones by slicing the top of the fish and removing what they can through the top.  Long story short -- there were still plenty of bones in my fish.  Next, the fish was relatively small and hardly made a dinner meal for a big guy like myself.  The taste was ok, but playing around with pulling bones out of my mouth (with company) is not an experience I look forward to.All four of us were underwhelmed with our meals and there are plenty of other alternatives that do a better job.My overall impression is that service is generally good, and the cocktails served are inventive, fresh, clean, and tasty!  The food, however, seems to be style over substance and I'm just not happy at the end of the day!
4	Me and the hubby went to a show at the Benedum.  We were intrigued and decided to get a brunch reservation.  Wow, so glad we did!  The banana and bacon sourdough french toast was devine!  It was more dessert than breakfast but oh so very worth it!  We got a side of their fried taters...some of the best fries we have ever had!  The hubby got one of their specials.  It was a crispy chicken bisquit.  It was good but not as good as the french toast!  They are on the list to try for dinner at some point!  We loved it and will definitly visit again!
5	We went here on a Sunday for brunch and loved it!Great atmosphere and yummy food.The fries with truffled mayo are a must.My favorite part was most def. the bloody mary bar.  They have several house infused vodkas to choose from. Off the top of my head I can recall- garlic pepper,  bacon, and dill.  They were all great!   For $5 they bring you a pint glass with the vodka of your choice, and then you make your way to the bar to create the bloody mary of your dreams.  All kinds of awesome garnishes, spices, and hot sauces to choose from.    Ahhh take me back.  :)
4	Having been to Meat & Potatoes at least ten times now, I've had some really amazing meals here, definitely worthy of 5 stars. But I also think things can be a bit inconsistent here. Although it's definitely one of my favorite spots in the 'burgh, it's just short of perfection.Just like everyone else in the world, I love love love the ambiance here. I find the chairs a little uncomfortable (probably because I'm short and can't reach the table...I should really consider bringing a booster seat) but other than that, everything is gorgeous speakeasy chic and is a good match for the upscale comfort food theme. It also has a great vibe for some classy drinking, and I'd certainly visit the bar more often if I had the $$$Also, in love with the brunch. I really do think this is the best brunch in the city. The shortrib hash and the korean brisket & eggs are my favorite dishes, and who can resist a $5 DIY bloody mary bar with house-infused vodkas in flavors like bacon and shallot?? I know I can't...though I wish I could so I could try the various flavors of bellini they offer. If you only eat one brunch in Pittsburgh, this is the one you want to try.The dinner is where I've had some mixed experiences. The steaks and other mains are usually awesome. The mussels have been less impressive, and on the last visit I ordered a version with "balsamic pearls" that I expected to mimic the texture of the salmon roe in the dish. Instead there were just clumps of chewy, stale-tasting balsamic vinegar interspersed among the shells. Something is also off in their steak tartare, and trust me...I LOVE tartare. I just think the flavors they choose in trying to be creative don't always work in harmony. But the simple things, the "meat and potatoes" if you will, are done wonderfully, and that's what you should come here for.
5	It's a surprisingly small space and despite a number of bar seats it still appears impossible to get one.  Make a reservation, don't count calories, and enjoy.  Artisan cocktails are outstanding, definitely the best I've had in Pittsburgh and they easily measure up against my home town of New Orleans.  The wine and beer lists are also very well chosen so just about everyone will be happy (other than my colleague who always orders Bud Light, which they don't carry here).On the appetizer menu, poutine is fantastic (and this is coming from someone who worked in Montreal for a year) if you like the combination of fries, cheese curds & brown gravy.  The lobster spring roll was really good, and the tartare was also excellent - let's just say there are very few places that I would ever order tartare but this is one.  The Fall Salad is also great and the sashimi was fine but didn't blow me away.  In terms of main courses the signature 34 ounce ribeye (which most restaurants would call a "Tomahawk" or "Cowboy" cut) was shared by my table on my initial visit and I have to say the meat was cooked perfectly and had great flavor but overall it just had way too much fat.  Of course, the accompanying fries and bone marrow gratin were also good.  The surprise hit of the meal however was the pasta - great homemade papardelle with a perfect short rib bolognese sauce and very good agnolotti with a brown butter sauce and some veggies although the shape & size of the pasta wasn't typical for agnolotti.  The short rib flatbread was also very good and the only real miss on 2 visits so far was a mushroom flatbread that had a strange ricotta spread for the cheese and just didn't have much flavor.  Nothing is perfect but everything from the decor to the service to the food are done well at Meat & Potatoes and I'll definitley be back - assuming I can get a reservation.
3	Rather disappointed in their brunch. I joined a few friends at 11:30 on a Saturday for brunch. I was excited to try MNP since everyone raves about this place. We arrived on time and were taken to our table by the bar. The restaurant was busy but not packed. We ordered our drinks and then waited.  .  And waited. . .  And waited. It took our server 30 minutes to take our order. Having 7 years of restaurant experience I was dumbfounded that it took this long. I'm honestly still in shock. When our server finally made his way over to our table, I ordered the special pancakes- cornmeal with lemon and blueberry. Our food also took quite a long time so our waiter provided us with monkey bread to share as an appetizer on the house. The monkey bread aka glorified cinnamon roll was a sugar explosion in my mouth. Yummm. I liked it so much I took one to go with the intention of giving it to my husband but ate half of it myself later on. As far as my pancakes were concerned, I wasn't as impressed. They tasted like cornbread with blueberries. I wasn't able to find the lemon at all. Another disappointment, the syrup. I was given standard maple syrup. The dish could have easily become 4 stars with a warm blueberry sauce or lemon creme anglaise. I also ordered a side of the peppered bacon with my pancakes. The bacon was delicious and savory. It added another dimension of flavor to an otherwise bland meal. All in all, I would not return to MNP for brunch. But, I do want to give dinner a try for some (hopefully) delicious meats and potatoes.
4	I don't eat meat, nor do I care much for potatoes, but I love Meat and Potatoes! It's the bar. Central to the bustling restaurant, with a classy marble top, a beautiful absinthe fountain in the corner, Fernet Branca taps, exemplary cocktails...it just feels really good to drink here. I would not want to sit anywhere else, as the table seating is close together and seems to always be packed. M&P is very stylish and "cool" making the bar a fantastic post for people watching. Just make sure you don't put off your trips to the bathroom, as there is only one for the whole place - it has both a toilet and a urinal in it, so you can bring your date along with you to the most exclusive intimate seat in the house.
5	Excellent drinks and food. Service has always been friendly and professional. Very comfortable atmosphere to eat and drink. I prefer to sit at the bar. If you sit at a table, your table might be right beside the next table. The drinks are some of the best in Pittsburgh. They make their own simple syrups. Brunch is fantastic. I love the Bloody Mary Bar.
5	I went here on a date last night and, as much as I loved my company, I may have considered leaving him for whoever prepared the duck. Delicious. Not too game-y but just enough. Perfect at medium-rare and teamed up wonderfully with the accompanying pierogies, etc. The only thing I wasn't terribly keen on was the dressing for the greens. The flavor was a tad overpowering/bitter. And I tend to like bitter. My date and I also split the prosciutto mac n cheese and the fried pickles before the meal. Both perfection, although in retrospect we ordered waaaay too much food for just the two of us. This is also a really nice date spot - great ambiance - as a lot of previous reviewers have mentioned.
5	First let me say that any restaurant that has fried pickles listed on the menu piques my interest.  Then to read on the menu that they make their own pickles in house was an extra bonus.  These pickles were thick cut and so favorable that I could probably have eaten a whole serving of just the plain pickles, but everyone knows that frying something gives it a little extra savory flavor. The coating they use was perfect, crunchy, and complimented the pickle itself.  The spicy ranch used as a side for dipping when added made this treat, for lack of a better term, perfection.  My god, my mouth is watering even now as I write this.  Enough with the pickles though.When we arrived at Meat & Potatoes a show was letting out at the Cabaret, so we weren't sure we would get a seat.  If we didn't there were more places to choose from in the Cultural District.  Luckily for us, when we walked in and were greeted by the hostess and asked if we had a reservation and our answer was no, we weren't turned away.  We were told that we could wait for a table or walk in and find a bar seat.  We opted for a bar seat, good choice.  Once we sat down we were basically tag teamed by the bartenders.  One was handing us a menu and telling us the drink specials as the other was pouring us a glass of water.  The menu is small, but that didn't make the decision making any easier...at all.  It was easy to pick the appetizers, fried pickles as mentioned before and we also got an order of poutine.Since I've already salivated all over myself, the keyboard and the floor because of the pickles, I really shouldn't write more about them.  I will focus on the poutine.  As it was said before by other reviewers, these are spiced to perfection and as I am going to say, melt in your mouth.  Imagine if you will if you decided to go to Kennywood to get some Potato Patch fries and instead you walk up and they were substituting Meat & Potatoes version instead.  Just take the Potato Patch fries and miniaturize them.  Fresh cut, fried up to a nice golden brown and tossed with some of the best spices you can imagine.  Cheese curd melted throughout and topped with some of the best gravy you can find.  These and the pickles could have been a meal enough for me, but you know I didn't stop there.While we waited for our entrees to show up, we had a libation as well.  I opted for the Erie Oatmeal Stout while my friend had herself a Moscow Mule.  Both were so satisfying, but I can tell you that the Moscow Mule was by far tastier with the combination of food we were having.  While we also waited for our food to come out the bartenders made chit chat with everyone that was seated around the bar. Recently I have been on a quest to find the perfect burger in the Burgh, so of course I opted for their Plain Jane burger.  I can say that this is one of the few places that can cook a burger to medium well and it tastes like it's cooked medium well.  Perfect portion of burger too, the patty was a little thicker in the middle but I wasn't worried about that.  Romaine lettuce, tomato, red onions and more house pickles to top the patty.  I also opted to add cheese, a nice white cheddar.  This time the pickles were sweet pickles and the mixture of taste with all the toppings was like a mouthgasm.  From the bun to the pickles I was very happy.  The burger was definitely an excellent decision to make that night.  More pomme frites were a side here and sadly, after all that great food, I could not finish them.Definitely a return trip to this place, and definitely a bar seat again for me.
5	A friend and I popped in to Meat & Potatoes for brunch on Saturday and ended up having one of the best meals / food experiences of my life!  We didn't have reservations, but they were able to comfortably accommodate us at the bar.  We had some of their specialty cocktails, which were all expertly mixed, aesthetically appealing, and delicious.  For brunch, I had the chicken and waffles and my friend had the flatbread salmon, both from the regular menu.  The chicken was quite possibly the best fried chicken I've ever had, and my friend's flatbread lox was so fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere was interesting and trendy without being uncomfortable, and the service was good as well as friendly.  Additionally, the waitstaff and bartenders all seemed to be enjoying their work, which always speaks volumes to me about they way an eating establishment is run.I highly recommend Meat & Potatoes to anyone looking for a fun dining experience with original food ideas executed perfectly.
4	Very chill place to have a great brunch! Chicken and waffles were amazing!!! Sweet with a hit of spice! Juicy chicken! Big portion. Bread with rhubarb jam and goat butter was awesome!!! Great music!
5	I have only eaten there twice once for dinner and once for breakfast. It was amazing. I tell people to try it all the time.
5	I must say....I adore this place!!! The food is always great...staff fantastic. I went 2x's in one week...that's how much I enjoy this place. The fried pickles and brussel sprouts.....yuuuuummm!!!! The drinks fun...strong...and delish. I cant rave anymore about this place. I took friends last night and they want to go back.....they drank the kook aid.
4	Had lunch while in town for business and loved it! The fried pickles and thai beef salad were great. Service was top notch as well! I did not get to try the cocktails, but the list looked well done! I definitely recommend it!
5	What a meal! Started with a sampling of the black truffle fries, the 'Devils on Horseback' (best dish of the night, chorizo wrapped in a date wrapped in bacon), and a pile of wings that were spectacular. I had the Wagyu filet for dinner - very good. My friend had that pork chop that was almost the size of my arm and it was delicious as well.Ended the night with a creme brulee that was perfectly done (warm center).The ambiance was great, only complaint would be a lacking wine list.
5	Wow!  This place was amazing!  Had the mussels of the day, 1 with curry the other with bacon and salmon roe.  If i wasnt with ppl from work i would have drank the broth.  Also had the chicken livers and fried pickles and both were very tasty.  My personal favorite was the roasted bone marrow.  It came with parsley garlic, sea salt, capers and pickled onions.  It was so F-ing good!!! For our main courses i had the pub which had pork belly a fried egg and havarti cheese.  It was messy but so good.  After all the apps i couldnt eat the whole thing and didnt touch the moutain of fries it came with.  Other entrees were the wagu flat iron with wasabi mash.  Def the 2nd best thing on the menu besides the marrow. The pork shank was as big as a football and had great flavors.  It literally melted in your mouth.  At a place called meat and potatoes we did have someone order pasta!!  What a sucker!  The papperdelle was very very good tho.  Our server did a great job and drinks were great too.  They dont have bottled beer which while that seemed wierd didnt take anything away from the great time we had.  Atmosphere was awesome and ambiance matched.  We finished with coffee and choc mousse.  Winning!!!
3	I went to dinner at Meat and Potatoes expecting great things given all the reviews.  I was very disappointed.  The fried pickles were average at best.  The sauce container was so small, the pickles didn't fit inside to dip.  The fall salad wasn't bad if you ignore the abundance of radicchio lettuce and too much dressing and soggy pears. To cap off the night my flat iron steak came after waiting 1 hour.  The mushrooms and onions were a nice addition.  The steak was cooked perfectly at medium-rare but was definitely lacking flavor.  The french fries which the hostess raved about were small pieces of potatoes (nothing special - D+).  To charge $28 for a flat iron steak and a potato side dish is on the high side. It definitely needed a green vegetable.  I can get a nice strip steak for $30+ at McCormick and Schmick or Grand Concourse or even a basic ribeye for $28 at the Cheesecake factory.  For $40+ Morton's, Ruth Chris or Capital Grille is more appealing.  They offer a 28 ounce ribeye for 2 for $58.  Why not offer a smaller version for 1.  They need bread for the meals and ice cubes for the warm water.  Glasses for iced tea are too small.  I didn't bother asking about desert, I just wanted to get out of there!  The music had a loud repetitive beat.  I do have to say the burgers looked really good.  For some reason they don't open for lunch on Monday and Tuesdays.
5	I don't know what they could possibly improve. Been there a few times now and find...- the atmosphere was warm, interesting, stylish (but not too cool for school)- the menu was really interesting (in a great way)- the food was really, really good - the staff - we sat at the bar - was awesome. They were really nice, attentive without being annoying, and incredibly knowledgeable at what they do- drinks, amazing selection of beer, cocktails, the works.
4	Handsome bartenders!  Indulgent bone marrow that was fatty, salty, herby goodness.  Sweetbread tacos and brisket sandwiches were ok but I won't have them again.  If I go back I will be getting a real meal.  It was super crowded on Thursday evening.  I don't like my coat hanging in the entrance area.
5	love love loved this place! i'd heard about it before but never had the time to wait. yes, if your'e going on a whim be prepared to either scope out a seat at the bar or wait roughly 3 hours for a table. but it's worth it.my date and i stood at the bar and had drinks while we waited for a seat to open up. we didn't even quite finish our drinks before we were able to sit. and the bartender was super helpful with helping us scope out seats. both bartenders were very nice, personable, helpful, and friendly. i was pretty impressed.once we sat, we ordered food as well. i had the cheese board and split the pate with my date and he had the corndog. everything was super tasty and i'm eager to try more. i tried 2 different drinks. the first word (or last word? i don't remember, but it was a gin based drink) and the glenshaw sour. both were super tasty-- a twist on the gin and tonic and an old fashioned vodka sour.trust me, the drinks and food are both worth the wait if you have the time. and the prices really aren't too bad. sure, it's pricey, but i expected that. it's not overpriced, i wasn't upset about it, and everyone needs to check this place out.
3	Interesting menu, crowded energetic bar and dining area.  Cool area.  Seemed over-hyped on here.
5	Walking into this place I thought here we go again another run of the mill funky "gastro Pub" that has a couple beers and is trying to have some cool food for the hipster crowd. Well let me say I was wrong!! I went on friday during lent so they only have fish but they have it in some ways I have never seen. I stayed on the safe side and just got the fish and chip. Having never been here I thought I better stick to the standard fare.Best fish I had in a while and I have been to most of the pittsburgh places that claim to have "the best fish sandwhich in town". Will definetly go again!!
5	Inner quote: "it's like, what am i going to do after this?  Just go home and back to my mundane life.  I just want to live in eternity ere, eating bone marrow."This is one of the most wonderful restaurants in the whole western side of the state.  It's pricey, but for what you get, it's a steal.  Go here,  take your friends, take your family, take your girlfriend.  Bring your appetite!
5	This place is a great addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene.  It's been on my list for quite awhile and I finally got there on my recent visit to the burgh.  A friend and I risked it without reservations and met at 6, we were lucky and easily snagged 2 seats at the bar.  This place is small - it took me awhile to realize that the mirrors on the walls around the place were just that - mirrors and that the place wasn't huge.I started with the Old Fashion and she went with the Brandy Buck.  Both drinks were delicious.  We both had a hard time trying to decide what to order because everything sounded great.  Finally, I was sucked in by the brussel sprout kim chi on the Koren Ruben - and boy, I'm glad I was.  This was hands down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  First of all, it was gigantic - I swear the sandwich weighed about 3 pounds.  Thick pieces of some sort of bread - it was hard to tell with all the goodness sandwiched between the bread.  A big pile of delicious corned beef, swiss cheese and then that brussel sprout kim chi.  I think I could eat that stuff by the bowl.  Not only was the sandwich massive, but it was accompanied by a huge bowl of pretty good fries.  And it also had some sort of delicious sauce on the side - I think it was supposed to be thousand island, but it tasted suspiciously like the sriracha tzatziki that came with one of the daily specials.  I didn't really care, it too was awesome.My friend opted for dessert while I went for another drink.  Her lemon passionfruit cheesecake was amazing.  My wine was pretty good too.  The service was great and the food was amazing.  This place has earned itself a stop on my regular rotation.  Yum!
5	Great place to be on a Sunday afternoon.  Their short rib hash is delicious and their bloody mary bar is worth trying with one of their infused vodkas (e.g. bacon!).  My friend had the Irish benedict and the hubby had the huevos rancheros which they both liked.  The smoked brisket flatbread was only okay and lacked flavor.  Make sure you make reservations, this place is small but always packed for brunch.  There are different DJs that play on Sunday and when the weather is warm they have seating outside.
4	Belated review! Birthday dinner for 9 in their private room. We had everything (including a monster hangover the next day). Cocktails are pricy!!! Bring your carsh & your credit card. Mussels bone marrow devils on horseback - oh my! Mussels were huge hit. Pickles were a good choice too. Flat iron voted awesome. Pork chop ordered by hockey-playing bro-in-law was giant & envied. Burgers were all around tasty. I blew it & ordered the brisket samitch which was soggy. Shoulda had the Wagyu. Stupid stupid stupid!! The Langer had the duck & said it was delicious. The bill was enormous & worth it.
4	Everyone was raving about the bone marrow so we ordered that first without even looking at the menu. It was definitely an experience but boy was it fatty! The texture was enough to gag at, and the taste did little to make up for it. I would not order this for an appetizer again, nor would I recommend eating lumps of fat on an empty stomach! For my entree I got the flat iron steak. Most expensive entree on the menu and I knew why! It was delicious. The steak was a melt in your mouth experience and the wasabi potatoes and shittake mushrooms complimented it perfectly.Cheesecake for desert was a knock out also. Of course, we had to ask for extra berries and the manager obliged. I wasnt absolutely amazed by meat and potatoes. It was a good restaurant and an experience to try, but the space was slightly crammed. 4 stars though bc good food and great service. I'd go back again to try the rest of the menu!
5	It doesn't get any better than this. Unless you could get a table without a reservation!  My favorite cocktail is the Moscow mule.  I can't start a meal there without one.  Then there are the chicken livers. That amazing crunch followed by the velvety middle!  Pulled pork chorizo Mac and cheese is comfort food at its best. Three little pigs sandwich is this foodie's guilty pleasure.  No one could finish this in one sitting. The muscles of the day are always an adventure.  House made corned beef...Bravo!
5	I have now been back numerous times sitting both at tables and at the bar and I am convinced that this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Returned with my husband, my sister and her boyfriend for dinner. We were seated at a large table by the kitchen which would usually annoy me from the noise, but the chairs were so comfortable, and it really wasn't that loud!  We couldn't decide what to order, so I suggested we order a bunch of appetizers and small plates and share (a genius call according to my sisters boyfriend) and a few cocktails.  The cocktails that were ordered: First Word: my new favorite and have ordered each subsequent visit to the restaurant! Desperado: delicious tequila cocktail, but a definite punch! The Food: Fried Pickles (these were good, but my husband has had better) Fried Brussels (a must order.  Delicious!)Bone Marrow (absolutely amazing!)Tartare (I wasn't a huge fan of the peanuts featured in it, but the beef was delicious) Risotto (delicious, but more toothsome than other versions I have had) Caesar Salad (absolutely delicious with a perfectly cooked fried egg and delicious pig ears!)Mussels (delicious and huge!) Went again last night and had: First Word cocktail (I can't say enough about this delicious drink!) Caesar Salad (awesome) Meat and Potatoes for two (ordered rare and it was spot on!  The bone marrow, mushrooms, and confit potatoes were great accompaniments!)We will be back over and over again!
5	What a delightful brunch!  It took a reservation made several weeks in advance to finally make it but once we were seated in the special "group room" and the menus came out, it was clear that the wait was worth it.To start with, we were enticed by the make-your-own-bloody mary bar with a variety of pickled vegetables and sauces to complement one of the many unique bases.  This was good, but others were happier with their expert-prepared cocktails.All of the dishes ordered by our group were excellent.  True to the restaurant's name there were about 15% of the items on the menu which were vegetarian options.  However, we enjoyed our meaty offerings:  Chicken and waffles with a uniquely cheesy jalapeno savory waffle, light pancakes deemed "the best pancakes I've ever had," short rib hash, etc.  Come with a group so you can mooch off of others' entrees!
3	A famous restaurant. Good service, very juicy and tender steak. While, the beer collection is not so good. Almost only canned beers are available (I just saw one beer tap there, which is not on the menu).
5	There aren't many places that make me want to try every item on the lunch, brunch, and dinner menus. Meat & Potatoes is exactly that. I could honestly write a three page paper on how amazing it is, but I'll spare you all! Just get there. ASAP. You will not be disappointed and will be longing for more! Side note - make a reservation. Like 2 weeks out. Maybe that's an indication of how much Pittsburgher's have fallen in love with this gastropub.
5	This place is a carnivore's heaven on Earth. Last month my boyfriend and I took a mini road trip from New York to Pittsburgh to visit my sister and brother in law. I did some research about the places I wanted to visit while I was there. This was at the top of my list.We called around 9pm to see if there were any tables open. We were told the wait was only 10 minutes and we were seated right away when we arrived! I don't believe this is something that happens frequently; we were very lucky. We were seated right near the kitchen. Normally, I wouldn't be too fond of this, because of the foot traffic with servers and busboys etc, but with these huge, comfy, throne-like chairs, nothing was going to get me down.We started with drinks, my boyfriend ordered the First Word and I ordered the Desperado. Both were really unique and enjoyable, with a swift kick. I suggest the Desperado only to people who really enjoy tequila, like me. Otherwise, I think it may be too much for people to handle.Instead of ordering full meals, we decided to order a bunch of appetizers and eat tapas style. It was the best decision we've made, to date.We had fried pickles (well, everyone else had fried pickles since I don't enjoy them, but they loved them.) We also had the fried Brussels. Oh my god, so good. And the dipping sauce was great, too! The tartare was different than any I've ever had before, probably because the meat was chunky rather than super ground down, but I really enjoyed it. The egg that accompanied it made the dish. The risotto was good, but probably the least successful of all the dishes. Texture wasn't that of an amazing risotto, but it tasted good. Lastly, the bone marrow. Oh my god . 3 huge half bones filled with creamy meaty goodness. I have dreamed about it quite often since my encounter with it. It was incredible. Also, it was only $14. Are you kidding? I'm from New York where this can be upwards of $30 and people would still pay. I was in shock.For dessert we had some sort of cheesecake and bread pudding. They were good, also! Prices are on point, the food was incredible, drinks were good, and the atmosphere was great. This is a destination I plan on visiting every time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	This is by far my favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh. I have gone more times than I can remember. Every single time I go, I try something different and I have never been disappointed. The brunch on Sunday with the Bloody Mary Bar is ridiculously fun, awesome and delicious. I had fried chicken with jalepeno waffles the last time I went and they were the best! Drinks are always different, interesting and amazing and I love the beer selection as well. They have wonderful specials on the menu board. The atmosphere is beautiful and relaxing. LOVE this place. Cannot speak highly enough about it.
5	I was excited to go to Meat and Potatoes for some meat and potatoes.  Unfortunately, I came on 'fish fry friday'.  The place was packed 5 minutes after it opened so I'm assuming their fish is amazing.  I went with the 'I'm not catholic' burger (real name) and it was outstanding.  I could barely finish half.
4	Good food...great Bar
4	While I was in town, I wanted see what all the hype was about - and it definitely was worth it!Meat & Potatoes is a must on your list for any night out. I headed out with a few of my gal pals, and we had so much fun. The food was amazing, the drinks were fantastic. I'm always a little weary about drinking beer out of a can, but it was okay with the atmosphere.The Fried Pickles were spectacular as was the Kobe Corn Dog - it just sounds intriguing, right?  The Mac 'n Cheese was excellent too - hello, chorizo!My only complaint was that we had reservations, and we had to wait for another 30 minutes and there were open tables. Not sure what was going on...but worth the wait. Overall, awesome evening in my book.
1	Very disappointed. Poor service and unimpressive foods.First, poor service. There was a waitress who kept hitting my father's chair in order to serve some foods to our next table. Because of her, he had to move his chair to the other side but she'd never apologized until we asked to do. Their service was also very slow. Second, unimpressive foods. We had stakes and Bo Ssam there. Stakes were not bad. However, Bo Ssam was awful. Bo Ssam is a Korean traditional dish. Since I am a native Korean, I'm really well aware of how the dish should be. It is NOT the Bo Ssam at all. It is not even close to the original dish and there is nothing close to the original dish. So disappointed. Actually, I tried to find anything positive about this restaurant and the only positive thing is the location. That's all.  Will never go this restaurant again!!
5	Not sure how I could have been happier. Awesome place. It was packed when I walked in on a Wednesday evening, but found a place at the bar and Molly took great care of me from the beginning. Others pitched in as soon as I needed anything. I had a veal cheek special over kale with pickled vegetables, and fried okra . It was awesome. Great teamwork, outstanding service, fresh, interesting food, good beer specials and well chosen wine list. Highly recommend! Short walk from where i was staying at the Doubletree.
5	Met some friends from out of town and we were not disappointed.Appetizer - Grilled Bread, Fried Pickles, and Wings.Grilled Bread - served with freshly made preserve and butter - quite yummy to counteract the next appetizer.Fried Pickles were approximately 1/2 inch thick.    The batter was thicker than I was used to at other establishments.   Very good to eat with my Porkslap Beer!Wings were smoked (I honestly did not try).   My friends loved them and could not stop eating them before their entree came out.I tried to the Pork (Fred Flinestone style) with baked beans and bacon served with a side of cole slaw.    The pork chop was approximately 2 inches thick and cooked perfectly.   The entire dish was awesome.My friends ordered the Lamb Burger which received high marks.     Another ordered the Flank Steak which received a meh... due to seasoning.Desert was followed by Rasberry - Oranged Cheese Cake and the ever decadent Chocolate Mousse Cake(?) Both were very good and a great contrast.   The only minus was the serving of the cheese cake (which seemed to be served in a shallow Jar.   It made it very hard for sharing.If you want the experience but not the cost - sit at the bar.  Order a PBR for $3, split a flat bread or some wings (good portion) - You will have a good experience.    The bar is crowded but patience and PBR's go a long way :-)Atmosphere - Crowded and Trendy.Food - Very good - Cooked correctly.   I will be trying more of the appetizers and flatbreads in the futurePrice - Snacks (Grilled Bread and Fried Picklets) - $5-$8 range, Appetizers - $12-16, Entrees $16-25 (average) besides the meal for two.Enjoy!
2	We came here for lunch based on all the rave reviews here on Yelp, and were seated at the bar as we didn't have a reservation. The place was packed to capacity on a Thursday afternoon around 1PM. There was one bartender on duty who was also acting as our server. While cordial enough, she was obviously overwhelmed. After a while she took our orders, and we sat at the bar being bumped up against by fellow patrons and wait staff. After waiting almost 30 minutes for a sandwich and a salad, we ran out of time and asked the bartender to make our order to go. She assured us twice that it would be right out. Another 10 minutes later and the order finally came out. Overall the food was nothing to rave about, and certainly not worth having to wait 40 minutes for. No utensils were included and a side was missing. We certainly didn't get what all the hype was about.
3	Over all a great experience. Food was very tasty and served in a timely manner even though the place was packed. Menu is the most unique I have ever seen. Very interesting spin put on some timeless classics. Only negatives for me were the place is tiny !! Get a reservation unless you are okay with eating at the bar. Also not really my scene. Bartenders and everyone else in there looked like overly trendy hipsters.
4	This place is AMAZING! Whatever you do, get an item of food with bacon. I got the Pub Burger because I'm a sucker for a fried egg and was more taken with that meaty slab of bacon than the egg! Meat & Potatoes is quite small, so be prepared to sit next to a stranger while stuffing face with meat, meat, and more meat. This is the only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5.
5	I LOVED this place. Found it on Yelp and went with a friend for dinner two nights ago and I am still dreaming about the flavor party we had. Wow. We ate at the bar as all tables were full. Great, great service. Yes the bar tenders are kind of this 'dork' trendy for the gastropub scene but they were quite knowledgeable about food and drink. If you were unsure about a draft beer they would give you a taste to see if it's what you wanted to go with.Started with the pulled pork flatbread. YUM. Arugula, blue cheese, cheddar, horseradish, pickled onion - all delicious. My friend and I ate it up. I had the Salmon with black rice / kim chi / cucumber / korean hot sauce / chinese sausage / fried egg / ginger scallion relish. Mind blowing. I mean really, really creative dish. The salmon had crispy skin and that is the first time I've ever wanted to keep eating the skin. Everything just had a really great marriage of flavors. My friend had the hanger steak and was also impressed.
5	Fantastic meal, great decor, and excellent drinks - need I say more?.?.?  Ok here goes.  The Caeser Salad had Pig Ear, Pickled Okra, and a Fried Egg that gooed out to make a warm compliment to the light dressing... Fantastic.  The mussels had bacon, salmon roe, and fennel... What how do those thing go together, extremely well that's how.  Hangar steak had some nice bitter micro greens, uber crispy potatoes, and a nice bright sauce to pull it all together... Drinks were unique, especially my barrel aged Buffalo Trace Manhattan.  Booooom.  If you are in Pitt, go here... the end.
3	Ugh, as much as I want to love Meat & Potatoes, I just can't seem to buy into it.Highly creative food, great drinks, and although there isn't much space, the restaurant manages to create a great ambiance for most occasions.May just be a personal dilemma, but every time I eat there (Brunch/Lunch - haven't ventured for dinner yet), I roll out feeling like I got hit by a freight train.  Although I'm always a fan of bacon fat, butter, and general grease in good moderation, everything from the pancake specials, fried chicken and waffles, lunch sandwiches, etc. have left me needing a beach towel to clean my hands by the end of a meal.I'll definitely never turn M&P down if offered, but I don't find myself keeping it high on my list of must-eats.
5	I almost can't articulate how wonderful my brunch was at Meat and Potatoes this past weekend, but I will try.I went with a friend who I was visiting in Pittsburgh and we both got the Irish Breakfast Coffee, which was Jameson, Maple Whipped Cream, and Orange Peel. It was really delicious, not too boozy, just enough to tingle a little bit with the citrus when you took a sip.We also shared the grilled bread with goat butter and rhubarb, and honestly I would have been sold at just bringing me the jar of rhubarb. It was so, so so good. And the perfect portion to not fill you up before your main dish.For my main, I had the PBLT. I love BLT's as they are, and I've had other iterations of them with avocado and what not, but I don't think I was prepared for this. Pork belly, bacon, arugula, tomato and truffled mayo... AND it came with delicious fries?Everything was fantastic all around, if you don't give this place a shot you're doing yourself a disservice.
4	I was only there once and it was great.A menu that has lite bites and real apps. ....awesomeHad the pork and it was thick and juicyDessert was a warm banana bread and it was great.Would love to get back there....if you live in Pittsburgh your blessed !
4	Probably a 4.5, only because I wasnt thrilled with my Old Fashioned and I thought the menu was a tad minimal...would have liked have seen 2-3 more entrees (I am not a hanger steak or flat iron guy...give me traditional cuts. I also saw short ribs on other items, would have liked to see a short rib entree)...I am having a hard time deciding on 4 or 5 stars....I think it is really close to 5, but a couple small things, like the drink, the pastrami (see below) and a friend saying the steak was a ittle tough are making me  go 4 instead of 5. But honestly, this was probably the best sit down meal I had all week in this town and wouldnt hesitate to suggest you try it.We had a group of 8, so we started with a bunch of the small plates, or whatever they call them. The Fried Pickles...oh my....I am not a huge fried pickle person, but if everywhere that has them made them like this, I would be. Best. Fried. Pickles. Ever! The Poutine...being from the west coast, I had no idea what this was. But I am now a fan. Very tasty. The grilled bread...meh...it was fine, but not exciting to me, but a buddy with me said it was his favorite.  The Brussel were also very tasty. Im not usually a Brussel guy, but it was outstanding. I wanted to love the corn dog....it was good, dont get me wrong, but it just wasnt as exciting as I was hoping for. It was solid though.The bone marrow....wow...what can I say? It was extravagant, decadent, rich, buttery goodness. And my buddy that lives in town said his dog loved the bones...Soooo...I had the pork chop....holy crap was that thing huge! It was very moist and tender with a nice smoky flavor. The apple salw had a nice little kick to it, and the cool spicy crunch of the slaw with the tender smokey-ness of the pork and the sweetness of the beans was a great combo. The only thing I felt that came up short was the pastrami. It was just this really fatty piece of limp meat that didnt have much contributing in the flavor dept and wasnt the best texture, to me. Overall, the dish was a big win though. I really enjoyed this place and would like to give it a 4.5....if you are looking at yelp trying to decide where to go in Pittsburgh, this is the place...I just wished I had more time there to try more of their menu (like lunch...the sandwiches and burgers sounded great). I think it is really close to 5 stars, it was just a couple really small things that cant let me do it (btw- I hate when people give good reviews, but not 5 stars and dont explain why)
4	Came here for brunch and left with pounds of meat in left overs (I ordered the Korean BBQ Brisket), a happy tummy and a smile. My girlfriend had the smoked salmon flatbread and commented that she enjoyed it. After taking a few bites, I could see why. So many capers! The cream cheese tasted house-made as well. Amazing.The portions are large and the brunch is great value. The service was also prompt -- our water was always refilled and the waitress served us well without being overbearing. My Korean BBQ Brisket had like 6 pieces of beef, two eggs, jalapenos, kimchi and pickles. It was very flavorful, but the meat could have used more BBQ. The taters / frites here are incredible, crispy, fresh with dashes of salt. Delightful (yet too filling) with the mayonnaise they serve with it.For brunch, Meat & Potatoes is a fantastic choice.
5	We come here for date nights and love the ambience. We always order the meat for two which is a 34oz slab of meat with a side of bone marrow and potato wedges, plus a glass of red wine and you have the best meat and potatoes in town.
5	Two Martinis, Waldorf salad (bacon / walnuts / apples / grapes / celery / green goddess dressing / aged cheddar) and Mac & Cheese (chorizo / pulled pork / government cheese).At the bar.Perfect.
4	One of my all-time favorite restaurants to go to in downtown Pittsburgh.  Their menu has a very nice selection of food.  Everything from fancy corn dogs to marrow (I have not yet tried the marrow, but some of my family has and they really enjoyed it).  The atmosphere in the restaurant is quite nice, though the lighting is quite dark so if some people have trouble with that do be aware.  The cocktails available at Meat and Potatoes are also phenomenal.  I personally really enjoy their barrel-aged Manhattans; I don't know the last time I had a Manhattan that good.Do be warned, you are most likely going to want a reservation, as it gets quite crowded, and you might otherwise have to wait.
3	This place is impossible to get into without a reservation. And even with a reservation we had to make one at 10pm at night. We came on time for our reservation but for some reason they still made us wait 15 minutes to be seated. As when we walked in there were several tables empty, so I'm not sure why we even had to wait, especially when we made the reservation a week in advance.I came with a group of 5 and we wanted to order finger food that we could share. We ordered mostly the snacks and flatbreads. Fried pickles - just as it sounds, pickles with a layer of fried batterButtermilk Fried chicken livers - didn't like this as much, I guess I'm not a big liver fanFried Taters w/ Mayo - tastes like regular cripsy, thin french friesThe Salty Pig flatbread - very very salty, couldn't taste anything but very salty cured meats, we didn't like this one as muchMushroom Flatbread - this one was great! more delicate than the Salty Pig, you can really taste the mushroomsThai Mussels - loved the Thai mussels, mussels were freshOverall, I was a little bit disappointed by the food but it's probably our fault for ordering the fried foods, which is really nothing special. I wish we ordered the bone marrow or something from the main entrees, which is probably what Meat and Potatoes is better known for. I would come back here again to try more than their bar-type foods.The servers were friendly though. I wish they recommended items to us, but they were nice enough to cut our flatbread for us when we asked them to.
3	I ate at Meat and Potatoes Sunday evening after the Pops.  We were able to get in without a reservation, if we sat on the patio.  The hostess was pleasant and our server was efficient.  My friend had the pork chop.  It was HUGE and looked very good.  My pot roast, on the other hand, was a little disappointing.  It tasted good, but it was literally 50% meat and 50% fat.  I expected a little better for the price.
5	Being an IUP Alum from Philly; I have made MANY wknd trips to Pgh over the past 10 years to visit my college friends.  We usually frequent South Side for our dining pleasures but my friend took us to Meat & Potatoes for brunch after our marathon style Saint Patrick's Day rage-fest last year.Not being a huge breakfast food person but still looking for something to "soak up the booze"; I opted for the five-cheese grilled cheese and tomato soup! It was HUGE and DELICIOUS! I'm pretty sure someone at the table had Chicken & Waffles and another had Huevos Ranchero which were also amazing!  I also remember diving into someone else's left over fried taters. Yum!  I needed a nap after this one.It has been a while since I was at Meat & Potatoes but I remember a large make-your-own bloody Mary bar.  Great for the Sunday Funday hangy cure.Next time I am in Pgh, I may request a return visit to Meat & Potatoes!
5	I was actually REALLY surprised by this place. I always assumed it was going to be really expensive and nothing but red and fatty meats. I was really surprised at the fair prices for the quality of food. I'm not downtown much but plan on going back
4	We went with a big group of people, and were a little late in getting our reservations, so we had to eat at 9:30 at night.  They had us in a small room off the bar which was nice, so we could talk easily to each other.  The decor was pretty amazing, I really liked the ambiance they were setting up.While, I did not order cocktails, most people in our group did.  The first person to get his drink, had a decent sized glass, which led everyone else to feel okay that theirs would be a decent size as well.  Unfortunately, that was not the case, the cocktails came in 3 different sized glasses, none of which were large.  I believe that was where most of the disappointment lied with our group for the evening.  Don't get me wrong though, everyone enjoyed the flavor of their drinks immensely, but they were overpriced for how much you got.    Just to say we did, we got the bone marrow appetizer, and while only half our table tried it, those that did seemed to enjoy it - I know I did.  I also ordered the waldorf salad, which was amaaazing.  As far as the meals went, they were fairly reasonably priced, but the portion sizes were pretty scattered.  I ordered the 3 little pigs sandwich and got a fat-heads sized sandwich, and my boyfriend ordered the pork - which was also massive.  No complaints on our end on flavor or size.  Unfortunately our friend ordered the salmon, and was disappointed in the size of his meal, and ended up finishing his wife's french fries (which were some of the best I've had in the city).  Everyone else got what I would deem, an appropriate sized meal, with no left overs, but also no hunger pains at the end.  Overall, a good meal was had by all
2	Hello Meat and Potatoes Restaurant, Can you please add seasoning to your dishes? Thank you.(Note I went here in April 2013 so they could have turned over a new flour de sel flake and season the meat and potatoes but I don't think I'd take that bet.)
3	I just went to Meat and Potatoes this weekend with a group of people. We made the reservations over a month in advance because it is such a small restaurant that it was hard to get in with a group of 10. Between all of us we tried a variety of different things on the menu. Appetizers- the Devils on Horseback were surprisingly good. I didn't think I would like them, but they were probably the best app we had. They has a fried Mac and cheese appetizer special which several people tried and it was nothing to write home about. The corn dog was pretty good, but had some kick to it! For entrees - I got the pot roast, which was pretty good by pot roast standards. The hanger steak was too small of a portion for the meat lover in our group but they said it was great. The pork chop was GIANT and really juicy, but the slaw side that came with it was too spicy for me. And the duck was excellent. Our service was pretty good and the drinks were delicious, but pricey. All in all an exceptional meal, and will go back, but maybe not worth the month and a half of anticipation!
4	I recently met several co-workers for lunch and the food was fantastic! One co-worker had the cold fried chicken sandwich and the other co-worker had the burger. Both co-workers raved about their meals. My only complaint was that the food that I received (Beef Short Ribs and Grits) was served somewhat lukewarm. The flavor was great and would rate 5 stars if the food would have been warmer. I would have asked that my food be re-heated, but I was starving and didn't want to wait. Other than that, everything was wonderful!The short ribs were like butter!
3	Everything was fine, but not necessarily worth a repeat visit. Two of us went on a Friday night around 10:15 PM and were seated outside with no wait -- but there were still plenty of people around eating and enjoying, which was pleasant. The staff was friendly and accommodating, and I can be a pain in the butt sometimes (gluten) so it was nice to feel taken-care of. We ordered: Bone marrow appetizer: delicious. Waldorf Salad: surprisingly boring and iceberg lettuce-y, given the description on the menu.Tartare: meat was fresh, they had to leave a few things out for me because they were not gluten-free so it was missing a bit of something. They brought a sauce out for my dining companion and he said it made a big difference. Hanger Steak entree: nothing wrong with it, but it didn't taste as interesting as the menu made it seem like it would be. For a "we're hungry, let's grab a bite" it was fine but overpriced. Had we gone for a celebration meal, I would have left feeling disappointed.
3	1.0 / 5 - Fried Tates4.0 / 5 - Kobe Tartare
1	Went here for a nice dinner before a show. The bartender decided he knew girls better than we knew ourselves and insisted on making us fruity martinis rather than the dry martini we requested. Finally he agreed, and he made the two worst martinis ever. When we didn't drink them and ordered wine, he made fun of us for not liking our drinks.  He was the most annoying bartender I've ever experienced. Then our Red wine came in HOT milk glasses.  It was gross.  And the food? Mediocre is too generous of a description.
4	I love this place. Every single dish my friends and I tried was great. But some of them are like small portion and some of them are huge. I love the duck breast.
4	Good place for a pretheater meal. Very crowded even at 5:30.  Make reservations. Well dressed crowd for the most part, with a big bar sceneHad the bone marrow. Three huge bones. Felt like Fred Flintstone. A very good version (very reasonably priced). Was saturated (at least fat-saturated) after that, but still managed to have the hangar steak (very good, and fortunately very lean). In my fat-induced haze couldn't remember what my wife and daughter ordered. Something healthy no doubt. They seemed to enjoy it. Had the Aviation and Sazerac cocktails which were quite nice.
4	While looking for a restaurant that's open on Sunday night, we remembered that we had not yet had dinner here, so made a quick reservation (a must) and made our way to the Cultural District (not Squirrel Hill, as it erroneously says here on Yelp). My first impression was positive, as I like the decor and look of the place, with its high ceilings, plush velvet banquet seating and streamlined, Steampunk vibe; kind of butchery meets 19th century cafe. The bar is in the center of the room, and it was lively, even on a Sunday evening. Service was prompt and helpful, and we decided to each have the caesar salad and share some apps. The caesar here is non traditional and delicious, with both cracklins and chicharron standing in for croutons, pickled green tomatoes adding zest and a fried egg on top for richness. This is a fantastic salad, considerably more hefty than the original version with all of the protein and fried elements, but playful and surprisingly well balanced. We shared the fried chicken livers, the ahi tuna taquitos, and a special of the night, pork belly with mole, corn esquites and pickled cabbage. The fried chicken livers were delicious...perfectly cooked and served with a rather spicy dipping sauce. The ahi taquitos were good too, and provided a little relief from the richness of the other two dishes. They feature ahi ceviche stuffed into tiny hard taco shells and topped with cilantro and a yummy drizzle of their sauce. These are spicy and rather addictive. The special was excellent. They achieved succulent perfection in the preparation of their pork belly, which the server told us was braised, but which had a lovely caramelized exterior, so perhaps it was finished under the salamander. The fat had not been rendered away, and was meltingly soft. A decadent indulgence. I am sometimes loath to order mole at any restaurant, as I'm so often disappointed, but their's was very good, not too sweet and not overly spicy. The pickled cabbage provided a nice counterpoint to the full bodied pork and sauce, and the corn was delicious. Overall, excellent food served in a fun atmosphere. This is not everyday food for me, as I treasure my arteries, but you can order fish here, and you don't have to eat fried food, beef or pork belly to have a good meal. The drink menu is interesting and not overly pricey, and the wine list is well thought out. I'll be returning.
5	There can't be a better restaurant in Pittsburgh than this one. As good, maybe? But not better.Also, make-your-own Bloody Mary is a good idea, but much better when three kinds of vodka (including bacon-infused) and dozens of enhancements (many types of olive, anchovy, etc.) are offered.The meats were spectacular. The burger, alas, was overcooked (medium-rare is difficult to find around these parts), but rescued by the pastrami and egg that covered up.Go to Meat & Potatoes, right away.
4	This is probably the only bar in Pittsburgh that can make a proper Last Word, not to mention that they have a couple of barrel-aged cocktails on the menu (Manhattan, Negroni).  Nice program, wasn't expecting to find that out here.  However, a bartender took my order and then proceeded to never serve it up.  I eventually just took my seat at the table when the party arrived.  Seriously, how hard is it to serve up a barrel-aged cocktail? -1 star.Food wise, here's what we tried:- Kobe Corn Dog (Solid)- Chorizo / Pulled Pork Mac-n-Cheese- Pub Burger (The menu here is confusing as it says pork belly pastrami, when really they just meant thick sliced bacon... come on guys let's stop watching so many episodes of Mad Men)- Korean Reuben- Fish-n-Chips (fried skate)The burgers, sandwiches, and fish and chips were all great, but damn the portions were big.  If Jon Taffer ever came to this place he would say that the food costs are probably out of control.  An upscale place like this should be serving share plates like sliders, not giant deli sandwiches.  I can't complain about them for giving lots of food to us, it may be that they have to do that to compete for local business for all I know.  Just saying that I would have preferred more small plate options.
4	First, the negative. My entree arrived an hour and ten minutes after we sat. Our server was nice enough, but was too busy and distracted to get our full order until the appetizer was on the table and half gone. We ordered the appetizer as soon as he greeted us, and it came quickly, so that was quite a long wait for the main course.That was my only complaint, and if the service had been on point, this would be a five star review. A few quibbles follow but didn't change my enjoyment of the experience.For an appetizer we split fried brussels spouts. Delicious. (The sauce was pretty bland, but not needed.) My cocktail was also damn tasty. I ordered and aviation, but John recommended something different - whatever it was I liked it. Our entree was the meat and potatoes for two. What that looked like was about a pound of steak fries, cooked in fat or tallow. On top was a cowboy ribeye about the size of a cow, cooked right to temerature, covered with a slew of mushrooms sauteed in garlic and more fat, and a nice sized marrow bone split in half and roasted with cheese. This was served with ketchup and the house steak sauce which was delicious, even though I like meat best unadorned. All of the above was executed amazingly. My bf also ordered a side of mashed potatoes. These were tasteless. Also, the table was too small to hold both the huge platter of meat and potatoes and plates, so we ate from the serving tray. This made it awkward to eat in a civilized fashion, but the food was so amazing I would have eaten with my hands if I needed to.Executive summary: delicious food, but served too slowly.
5	Have been there for brunch several times and it's as good as it gets!    From the Bloody Mary Bar with your choice of infused vodkas to the Bellini's of the day, brunch starts off right.  Have tried most of the menu between ourselves and our friends that we keep taking there and haven't been disappointed with anything.  My/our only complaint is that the music is a too loud and makes for a difficult conversation...but guess we don't  need to talk when the food is so good!!!!!
5	Only been here for Brunch and I am sold! I will be back. We had the Irish Benedict and the Brisket & Kimchi. My boyfriend and I shared. We literally could not decide which one was better. Service was great, always attentive and never pushy. We started with the Bloody Mary bar. It was very interesting but I don't think I know how to make a Bloody Mary as a good as a bar tender. But a great idea in theory. Also, they are only $5, can't beat that. As for the other libations, spectacular! Especially the Irish breakfast! I'm already planning my next visit!
5	Meat & Potatoes is in a primte location caddy corner from the Benedum Center and in the same building as the Cabaret Theater.  It's a gastropub, which can be bad is done poorly, but this is a pretty good example of how it can be done well.  They normally have a burger special, which is usually what I end up ordering.  They had one that was basically a burger and a pulled pork sandwhich combined together with an onion ring on top... Wow.  The craft beer list is long and reasonably priced.  Great location and good food.  Enjoy!
4	Good eats here.  Hit this place several times before even thinking about Primanti's sandwiches (soggy, bland, etc.)The sandwich (3 pig) tasted great.  The meat was moist and flavorful.  The egg was also a tasty addition.  I enjoyed the thick cuts of bread, which were grilled.Probably top five sandwiches I have eaten anywhere.  Thick. tasty. satisfying.  Of course, this place isn't cheap and I certainly wouldn't mind paying less.  But the cost was justified.
4	The food was AMAZING! One of the best duck breasts I have ever eaten. The service was impeccable. The ONLY reason my rating is not a 5 is because I was with a group and we were in a small room and it echoed and got pretty noisy between my party and the rest of the restaurant. But other than that, it was amazing!
4	Man was I glad I was able to score the one remaining seat at the bar for dinner. If you'll excuse the NY-centric description, M&P represents the middle ground between Brooklyn and Midtown. It's spacious and people stop there before the game, but it has chalk menus and interesting light fixtures and fresh craft cocktails. I can't recommend reservations enough, especially if there's anything going on across the river.
5	Loved it!!! The food was really good and unique, the decor was beautiful and there's a great outdoor seating area!!!
4	Great atmosphere.  Meat&Potatoes has the best and the most interesting cocktails in town (and they are consistent at that!).  The food was superb - she had the agnoletti, and I the pappardelle (bolognese), which was much improved from the first them I had it.On the downside, their facilities (washrooms shared with the cabaret club next door) are below par and simply do not go with the rest of this place.  The solution they used to have was much better.  So, one star less.
5	Great cocktails.Great food.Great staff.What more could you ask for!!
4	Sorry guys - I have to remove 1 star because of the lunch menu.  Compared to dinner and brunch it falls way short.  Also, this was one of my first food experiences in Pittsburgh that wowed me.  Since then, I've had the opportunity to dine in a variety of awesome places.  Therefore, I had to re-evaluate my 5 star reviews.  Don't get me wrong, I'm still a fan and will still frequent the restaurant!
4	Brunch was very generous.  I consider each 'entree' big enough for two people...and I'm an eater =).  I had Brisket and Eggs (Korean BBQ) and I forget what H had.  But I made him order a bloody mary so I can snack on items on the Bloody Mary bar while we waited.  He found the bloody mary (beets version) just okay.  The food was rich, delicious.  It was so rich that we found it difficult to finish both our meals - rare!  The atmosphere is great, decor reeks of rustic elegance.Also had dinner here one time.  Had short ribs flatbread and Hudson Valley Duck Breast.  They had to switch it to some other type of duck that was even more tender, but the duck just melts in your mouth.  Again, the food was so rich, that it was hard to have so much.  I was really tempted by the mussels, but the only non-pork flavor they had was curry, and I wasn't in the mood for curry that night.Will try to post pics soon!Enjoy!
3	Good cocktails, and good snacks. Not a huge fan of their steak or their mussels.
3	This was my fourth and least favorite visit, so I'm treating this as an anomoly for M&P.  We started with the Tartare (his choice) and Ahi Taquitos, followed by two specials: Lamb Belly (his) and Mahi over chowder.  We finished with a shared chocolate pot de creme.  From the cocktail menu, the Aviation and the barrel aged Manhatten were ordered.  I usually order the delicious Fried Brussels, but passed on them this time to try some new items...note to self ALWAYS get the Fried Brussels!!  The cocktails were very good, but, also very expensive...they so well made that I would order again!The Tartare was okay, but, the main flavor was salt...loved the soft boiled egg on top.The Ahi Tacquitos were overwhelmed by the dense mini corn tacoshell and the entire appetizer just tasted of corn taco...the corn taco shell tasted like like a store bought, big brand name, taco.  The Lamb Belly entree was ambitious, but, it didn't have a huge amount of flavor; the Mahi, over a thin layer of potato/sausage chowder, was a much better choice, but, still only ~4 stars due to a disconnect between the mahi and the chowder.The chocolate pot de creme is a standard, and was delicious, as usual.The service was fine, no complaints there...but the mirror behind us seemed to be a distraction to our server, as she often watched herself attend to our table.We will be back, as the menu is so varied and the flavor combinations are always fun...we will just choose more wisely, next time!
4	If you go, you must get the bone marrow. Drinks are solid. As far as a date place, probably not the best choice as it's extremely loud and crowded.
3	Had reservations on a Saturday night and was seated on time in the private room (we were there for a bachelorette party).  The fried pickles were AHmazing!!  Split the steak and it was also delish.  Only drawback was the service......our waitress only came to check on us once.  A party of 6!  I'd definitely go back but hopefully it will be better service.
3	Food was great. I had Irish eggs Benedict and bf had brisket flatbread. Absolutely delicious. And decent price. Decor in here is great too. Service was ok. Nothing outstanding. Atmosphere- tables of 2 behind the bar are very tightly spaced. I felt like I was dining with the couples next to us. Also the bar directly behind us and in line of sight had all the dirty glasses stacked in a corner. At least 15 of then just sitting on the corner. Bar patrons seemed to take note of the unsightly stack too. More and more got added and none were picked up to be cleaned.
5	We were in town for an event last weekend and this place came highly recommended for Sunday brunch and it was a fantastic recommendation!  We had an amazing brunch on Sunday and the bloody mary bar was also top notch. I got the chicken and waffles and they were delicious! Not to mention the fact that you get, like, a mountain of fried chicken to go along with the cheddar an jalapeno waffle with the bourbon bacon syrup.  It was a ton of food but I couldn't stop eating it.  It was one of the best means I've had in a long time.  My wife had the Brisket & Eggs and it was equally delicious.  I only tried a bite as I had a lot of work to do, but I would have no problem ordering that dish next time we go there.  To go along with the fantastic food was the music!  Vex was playing some very appropriate, nice music that stretches well beyond Top 40 standards.  I was impressed by the stuff he was playing and I think the music was perfect for Sunday brunch.  I will recommend this place to anyone that asks...or doesn't ask.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Amazing meal. Happened across them on a walk from my hotel and returned later with friends.The atmosphere is fantastic, and the drink menu would be worth a visit in and of itself.I sampled three flatbreads, all were excellent flavor combinations.We split small plates as well, and I sampled the mac and cheese and the poutine... Both were amazing.My only caveat would be to be cautious when ordering - the dishes are so rich we took half of our food home!If I make it back to Pittsburgh, Meat and Potatoes is on my must-do list.
5	What a great place.  We had this place on our "wish" list and finally got around to it last night.  Sis & Bro were to meet me there at 6 - but I decided to get a head start.  Hopped on the T and made it Downtown a bit before 5.  Headed to the bar and ordered one of their Barrel Aged Manhattans.  Great bartender waited on me and shame on me for not getting her name - red head with suspenders.  The drink was excellent and I ordered the Kobe corn dog to snack on while I was waiting - highly recommend it - great hot dog and just the right amount of coating.It was fascinating just sitting at the bar and watching the bartenders at work.  They are true craftsmen - not just pourers.  Fairly large bar which kept four of them pretty busy.  Sis & Bro showed up a bit before 6 and we were seated right at 6 per our reservation.Dinner was great...- the wild mushroom risotto is a must have...- the Mac and cheese was right behind it.   Very yummy- Sis & I split the rib eye - and it was one of the best I ever had - the seasoning/rub was perfect - it was done just as we ordered and I think the size was even bigger than promised.- plenty of really yummy mushrooms served with it...Since I was not driving I decided to try the...Sazerac - had heard about them - but never tried one - good but the Manhattan was better ;-)Old Fashioned (Sgt Pepper's) - again very yummy but not quite as yummy...Rachel was our awesome waitress - very helpful and just the right amount of TLC..By 7:30 when we left the place was packed and two or three deep at the bar - so be sure to get reservations.We plan on a return trip soon - lots of things left to try
3	I had kept this place bookmarked for the longest time and I finally got a chance to go here! So lets start off by saying that It was okay. The more I think about the meal the more I realize that I don't think I enjoyed it as much as I thought. The place itself was really nice but parking was a bit tough downtown at night. The atmosphere was definitely something different but it was quite crowded and noisy.  I actually loved the "snacks" that they had, we ordered buttermilk fried chicken livers and fried brussels. The livers were perfectly soft and the dip that it came with was perfect.  The brussels also came with a dip that I was pretty happy with as well.  For the main course we ordered a lamb burger and a korean reuben.  I thought  that the fusion was a creative idea but the execution was nothing spectacular.  The burgers also came with a bowl of fries and as a huge french fry fan I was delighted.  I liked the fries better than the reuben but my boyfriend didn't have a taste for them because they were a bit on the salty side.  They definitely didn't skimp on the portions like a lot of other pricier restaurants do which was a huge plus for me because I was working up an appetite.  They didn't have a menu for desserts but the waitress listed them off to us and none of them sounded particularly appetizing. As we were leaving I caught someone ordering a bone marrow and that looked like it was definitely worth trying! TLDR: Meh, I'd go again but not anytime soon.
4	Tried this place for dinner earlier this week on a biz trip to Pittsburgh.  I did not realize it was in the theater district of the city, which makes the location busier and more commercial than I was expecting.  I was hoping for something with more of a neighborhood feel, which this place definitely does not have.  It's right in the middle of a touristy part of downtown, so keep this in mind if you're trying to eat before a performance at one of the nearby theaters.... waits for a table seemed to be high, even on a weeknight.Having said that, I found a seat at the very busy bar (just after 7:00pm on a Tues night), and proceeded to order one of the house specialties, the smoked pork chop, with baked beans and spicy apple slaw on the side.  This was probably the best damned pork chop I've had in my life, and was about 3" thick (two ribs worth of the loin)!  Very tender and flavorful.  My bartender/server warned me it wasn't the fastest item to come out of the kitchen, but it was not a long wait.  I had the summer salad before, which was just OK.  All of their beers are either served on tap or in cans, and they have a decent selection.  I finished off with their coconut flan, which was outstanding.  My bill was $56, with a nice tip.  Service was fairly quick considering how busy the place was, and very competent and friendly.  I would try it again, but probably with a reservation.
3	Nice place for drinks.  However, I was not impressed with the food.  Had chicken and found it to be a low quality meal.
5	Went at 8pm this past Thursday night with my husband and Meat and Potatoes was still full out busy. We got seated right away and I started off with a signature drink called Blood and Sand... which was pretty good (anything with Dewars is pretty good). We got the cheese board for an appetizer which was excellent with sugared walnuts, pecans, dates and homemade peach jam. It was so good I thought my husband was going to get another board so he could eat that as his meal. For dinner I had the salmon with black rice and my husband had the duck. Both were really good and for dessert we had their custard which was extremely rich... so you could only eat a little but...very worth it. Our server was also helpful giving us details on the food and recommended a great white wine to pair with my salmon. The wine was light and spicy, and ended up enhancing the spices and flavor of my meal. Over all, we had a great experience at Meat and Potatoes and we cannot wait to go back.
2	Our family had dinner here before a Pirates game last night.  We had been looking forward to eating here after reading many positive reviews.  The service was excellent and the drinks were good.  Our kids both had Mac & Cheese with the pulled pork (no chorizo) and it was ok, but too much cheese for the mac, and the pork did not work well with it.  My husband had the Korean Reuben, and he said it was way too salty, as were the fries.  He also said the pungency of the kimchee overwhelmed the sandwich, and he couldn't taste any of the other flavors.  I had the fish and chips and they were awesome.  The fish was skate, and it was really delicious - lightly breaded and fried, but not greasy.  The taste of the fish dominated, and that was a good thing.  The chips followed the theme of being too salty.  Overall, it was disappointing.
5	We had heard about this place from many people so we decided to go and try it out ourselves. The very first impression when we walked in the restaurant was great. The environment and ambiance were amazing. The place has a nice atmosphere that prepares you for the food experience to come. Service is nice, fast and helpful. Everything we tried was great and I have to recommend the three pigs sandwich. Also the plates we saw in other tables seemed delicious as well. We will definitely visit this place again and I am highly recommending it!
4	A friend from work highly recommended this gastropub. I am thankful for the open table app because making reservations was a breeze. We were seated immediately and everyone was surprised by how busy the restaurant was. The massive beer selection was written above the bar. My cousin and my dad ordered two appetizers for the table the bone marrow which was grilled bread, gremolata, and onion relish. The mussels of the day was the second appetizer. For our main course the guys ordered burgers, my mum ordered a salad, and I ordered the short rib flatbread pizza. The food and brews were excellent. We were all satiated and I  will be checking out meat and potatoes again!
5	There is this weird thing here in Pittsburgh where a lot of people seem to not care about the quality of the food, as long as the price is right and they get a lot of it. Meat and Potatoes, IMO, blows that out of the water. The portions and the quality more than make up for what some have called pricey. Personally, I don't think this place is expensive, it all depends on what you get. Everything I've had here is on point, and even if you are stuffed, make sure you leave room for dessert, as their rotating lists of desserts are all so delicious. Most recently I went for my birthday dinner, which happened to be during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week. The chef's menu theme was Southern, and every single course was exceptional, particularly the Chicken Waffle Tacos and Pecan Bread Pudding. If I had been home, I would have licked those plates!
4	We made reservations for 7 and were seated very close to that time. However, when we walked in the 2 hostesses at the station were both on the phone and did not acknowledge us until a third hostess came to the station. Once we were seated our waitress came and got us started pretty quickly. My husband got a beer and I just stuck with water (pregnant but the alcohol selection looks awesome!) and I have to say it was poured out of glass bottles but is clearly warm (yes, no ice) tap water. We ordered the special (meat plate) and the devils on horse back and both were fantastic! I do wish the waitress would have explained what each meat was but it didn't matter because they were all delicious! We got the rib eye for two. Best steak I have ever had in my life, loved the house made steak sauce. All in all great night and food. We will definitely be back!
3	This review is based on my experience through several visits to M&P (1 dinner, 2 lunches, and a Sunday brunch).Overall, the food is decent (good quality but does not always hit the mark for taste). At dinner I would suggest the mussels (delicious). At lunch, avoid the fried pickles appetizer (not as good as the waitress suggested) and fried chicken sandwich. Do not order the brisket on flat bread at brunch (what was I thinking?).Service is generally slow. On my most recent visit at brunch on Sunday at 1:30 (today) we waited 45 minutes for our food. On the other hand, the waitress was great about making sure my mug was always filled with coffee.My last complaint is that the furniture is very  uncomfortable. It looks great but makes the legs sore. It's also too low for the height of the tables. The decor is nice.Overall, M&P is a nice place to try, but I would certainly not call it one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. It does not live up to the hype.
2	Condescending staff at reservation desk, rude waitress Great mac n cheese appetizerTuna tacos were overly salty and inedibleSalmon was cooked well but the seasoning on the kimchi was odd and distracting Very overrated restaurantSpend your money at one of Pittsburgh's better restaurants with more considerate staff
4	Great line up of bourbons & scotches. Flat bread (i.e. pizza) was fresh and tasty! Mussels were fresh and plentiful and great.
5	This one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The menu features a variety of interesting options and changes on a regular basis. Their brunch is also one of the best in town. The chicken and waffles is amazing and the breakfast cocktails are unique and different.
2	Meat & Potatoes... I can think of few places that I truly, truly want to enjoy more!  It's a cool place, with a great patio, and awesome food.  BUT TERRIBLE SERVICE!! Having gone several times and even having waited over a year to go back, we continue to leave disappointed.  Especially when management doesn't seem to care enough to respond to feedback...  Maybe if I wait another year or try the new place they're opening I'll find what I'm looking for.
4	It was virtually impossible for us to get a reservation for two while in town for Labor Day but the stars somehow aligned and we got in. And it was delicious.We started with drinks from the bar, then kept ordering food. The tuna taquitos for him to start and the moules of the day for me. The ahi was delicious and a creamy spread of fresh avocado inside the crunchy shell made for a nice handheld appetizer. My mussels were packed with flavor and unique. We also had an order of the chorizo mac 'n cheese, which we both managed to eat quickly. Atmosphere is fabulous. What a cool spot. Our server was okay - he wasn't overly helpful when I asked about a few of the specialty cocktails nor did I feel he was good at recommending items. Oh well. We still had a great night at M&P. My man ordered the burger (medium rare) and fries and loved it. Full from the mussels I ordered the devils on horseback appetizer which were the most perfect trio of stuffed dates wrapped in a slightly salty bacon. For dessert we shared the dirt pudding, reminiscent of our childhood years with layers of chocolately rich pudding and crushed oreos. The adult version was so good. One of our favorite dining experiences while in Pittsburgh. Kudos, Meat and Potatoes!
3	I love the food and drinks at meat and potatoes. I started going to this restaurant as soon as it opened and have been a loyal customer ever since. However, I must say the past 2 times I have been there I had the same waitress. I usually give wait staff a fair shot because I used to be a waitress, so I know it can be stressful. However, our waitress was not pleasant or friendly at all. She made us all uncomfortable with her non-friendly attitude. While the food was excellent the service needs to be improved a lot.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times, the most recent being last week before a Pirates' game.  Superb gastropub food.  I have had the poutine (great), the fried chicken livers (very good), the bone marrow (outrageously good), and the Pappardelle (really excellent).  The bar tenders are great and make some fabulous drinks.  I would, and will, eat here again the next time I am near there. It is a popular place and seating can get difficult, so reservations are recommended.
5	Soo good!!! Love the Bone marrow, yummmmm. Deff should try if in Pittsburgh. Can be a bit expensive but hay, you get what you pay for. I recommend making a reservation because it is a very popular place. I typically just sit at the bar but even that can get crowded.
4	The El Diablo drink was great, also enjoyed the 3 little pigs sandwich
5	Rachel C and I feasted like champion eaters at Meat & Potatoes. We started with the mussels, which were a very generous portion. They were served in a peppery curry sauce and we received some bread for dipping. Then the kitchen sent out some fried pickles and brussels on the house - both were great! Next up was the mac and cheese with chorizo and pulled pork (!!!). The cheese was definitely very Velveeta-esque (pretty sure it was Velveeta). Delish. I was so stuffed at this point that I really couldn't eat much of my main course. A shame because it was also awesome. Hanger steak with all kinds of veggies and potatoes. Our server was great and very knowledgeable about the menu. When she brought over my slightly-dirty martini, she immediately asked me to let her know if it was too dirty. It was, and I appreciated that she recognized that right away. My replacement martini was just right. Next time I find myself in Pittsburgh, Meat and Potatoes is definitely on the agenda!
5	If it was legal to marry a brunch menu in the state of Pennsylvania, I would propose to Meat & Potatoes. Instead, I will continue to live in sin with the short rib hash.
5	My friends and I made a reservation for Saturday night, the earliest they could take us was 10 so we had drinks downtown before dinner. When we arrived they sat us right away, luckily, because the bar there was completely packed.So the lighting is very dim with dark walls and floor to ceiling windows. Wonderful for a 10 o'clock dinner. We started with cocktails. The Boyd & Blair sours cocktail was frothy and smooth and it tasted like fall. My friend had the Slow Gin Fizz which was also delightful.We ordered the mussels in a lemongrass sauce that was reminiscent of a thai curry and they were spicy but not too hot. Definitely try this out!For entrees we ordered the Salmon, the Pot Roast, Fried Pickles and Waldorf Salad. I loved the salmon, but after trying the pot roast I will order it next time. My friend said "this is the best pot roast I ever had... sorry mom..." The fried pickles were crispy and seasoned well.For dessert we had the buttermilk panna cotta and the vanilla bean pot de creme. They were both amazing but I would definitely recommend the panna cotta if you must choose. Service was prompt, we were never waiting long for anything, not even our waiter. I can't wait to go back!
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would. The cocktails are wonderful. The atmosphere is buzzing and fun, never obnoxious. And the food... The food is amazing! Always love stopping in even if just for a few drinks! The bartenders are fabulous and always make the evening enjoyable!
2	I am very saddened to have to give this place a poor review. Mostly because of the wait and the food it just wasn't what I was expecting from a restaurant that has 4 positive star reviews. I was really looking forward to bringing my hubby to a great steak place for his birthday but I was just not happy with the meal. When we first arrived our reservation had been for 8 o'clock but i asked to move it to 830 so that we can sit at a bigger table as opposed to one of the small roundtables. The hostess on the phone told me that that would be no problem in that 830 they would have a rectangular table ready for us to sit at and dine. We arrived early and sat at the bar waiting for our table to be available I looked around and seen at least three or four Open tables at the time but I assumed maybe they had already been reserved for other couples. As we waited we both ordered an appetizer of mac & cheese and fried chicken liver.It took about 15 minutes for appetizers to come out and by the time they did our table was ready. We grabbed our drinks and the woman guided us to a small roundtable I looked at her and said well we requested a square table and that's why we waited until 830 as opposed to 8 o'clock.  She stared at us as if she had no idea what we were talking about she said okay well just give me a minute. She came back two minutes later and decided to sit us at one of their 4 Seater square metal tables as opposed to the two-seater woodblock table. I didn't mind sitting there but when we sat down there was an awfully weird smell almost like mildew and the seats that we say in still had crumbs in it from the guest that were sitting there before us. I wipe down my seat and didn't bother to complain. The waitress gave us menus and asked us if we wouldn't know what we wanted to order. of course after having waited for 30 minutes we already knew. We decided to get that 34 ounce ribeye meal for two. I was very excited about ordering the ribeye especially after seeing all the beautiful pictures on yelp about how tender and juicy was. But to my surprise when it finally came to the table and I tried to cut into it it wasn't as tender as I had first assumed. We ordered the steak medium and it was very pink on the inside so I knew they didn't mess up the cooking process. Once I had tasted it it lacked flavor tremendously as if they had just brought the steak from the store, cooked it up and threw it on our plates. I assume the steak in itself would be full of flavor and bursting with with with taste but it just wasn't it was flavorless and bland and the only thing that made me eat it was a steak sauce that accompanied it. The mac & cheese wasn't too good either it lacked that very delicious cheesy taste that you get from most creamy mac & cheese dishes. I did however enjoy the chicken livers they were very soft and not too hard to chew but the breading kept falling off of each piece that I picked up which only defeated the purpose of it being fried in the first place. A few slices through the steak I was so disappointed that I just decided to stop eating and just stuck to the potato wedges and mushrooms that came with the dish. It was a Monday night when we went so they had a guest DJs come in and also a group of people advertising Pimm's gin liquor. There is another issue I had with this restaurant. The music should go according to the Environment. The DJ that they had hired to play music was playing it way too loud I almost felt like I was in a club even though I looked around and saw people casually dining. It didn't make sense to me at all. the free samples of gin may have been the only upside to that evening. I had informed them over the phone that it was my hubby's birthday soon but before we received the check we never even heard a mention about it.  Once I brought it up to the waitress she asked if we had any desserts in mind. I wasn't too excited about the regular food so dessert wasn't really an option for me. My hubby on the other hand really enjoyed the steak so he decided to get a dessert to maybe save the evening for me. the vanilla dessert was very delicious. i scraped the inside of the glass container just to savor  each bite.By the end of the night after a few beers a cocktail in all the food we had ordered my bill was about $140 including the tip. I was very disappointed that I had spent so much money and was so dissatisfied I should've just stuck with my regional got it went to capital Grille where I have never been disappointed. Maybe this place has better options for lunch or brunch or maybe I should just order something else but either way I probably won't be returning to meat and potatoes anytime soon.
4	Nice Gastro-pub in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh: good decor, good selection of wines and beers, interesting menu resulting in tasty and well presented food, friendly service.So the only thing that causes a miss of full marks is that music levels are OK for its -pub persona, but too loud for the Gastro- part ...
5	Another awesome meal - the aged Manhattans were great, decided to give the wings a try, they were great.  Slightly smokey and the sauce was not very spicy - a bit on the sweet side with a hint of Bourbon.  Great service and lots of fun watching the bartenders work.
2	I am not sure what all the hype is about this place.  The service leaves you starving -- literally.  I was here once when it was packed and once when it was about 50% full.  Both times it took 45-1 hour for the food to come from the kitchen.  The food was alright, but not worth the wait.  While drinks are good, they are certainly follow the restaurant theme of sloooow.  If you are not starving or in a hurry, you can check out the atmosphere and stare at the people next to you while you both endure the down time between drinks, food and the next visit from your server.
1	Walked into an empty restaurant on a Sunday at 4 pm and were told they were booked solid. The outdoor seating area with 10 or so tables was completely empty, but without reservations, we'd have to wait at the bar for an hour and a half. I thought that the idea of this place was a gastropub, i.e. a public house. Instead they came across as condescending, pretentious pricks. Way too many other high quality restaurants in Pittsburgh I'll be voting for with my dollars.
5	I've been to Meat and Potatoes a few times.  This last time, however, was the best.  I had my nephew (8) in town for his birthday to see Lion KIng and per his request Bone Marrow.  So, off to Meat and Potatoes we went.  Our waitress was AMAZING, especially when having a child at one of your tables  for the as my nephew put it "fanciest restaurant" he'd been to.  We got Chicken Livers, brussel sprouts, mussels and the requested Bone Marrow.  Not only did he love it, he devoured it!  Our waitress kept asking him what he thought, etc.  Even the hostess who sat us came and checked on him.  I was so grateful for the service they provided.  Most folks groan when they see a kid being seated at their table - if our waitress groaned, she never showed it.  I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant!  Not only for the amazing service, but the food.  The food is amazing.
4	T and I followed the great Yelp reviews to Meat and Potatoes for a Saturday morning brunch. Wow. First of all, I want to move in to this place. If I could choose a restaurant's decor, this would be it. Sexy velvet, white ceramic animals, metal curio cabinets, and a gorgeous white fireplace. Yes please! We made a reservation but wound up getting there about 15 minutes late. (We called to tell them we'd be late.) We expected a bit of a wait but were happy to be seated immediately upon arrival.While perusing the menu, the waitress brought over big mugs of coffee and described the specials which included a Pastry of the Day. Tip to all brunch restaurants, have a Pastry of the Day. This particular day it was described as a criossant monkey bread with a Krispy Kreme glaze twist. Needless to say, we ordered it. I could have had this and a cup of coffee and walked away satisfied. It was fresh, soft, crispy, sweet. Exactly as described as a Krispy Kreme monkey bread. Holy cow. They should put this on the menu permanently. T got the huevos ranchero and I got the French toast. The huevos ranchero were great, cheesy and spicy. I found the black beans a touch bland but that was my only complaint. My French toast was amazing and came with bacon almond brittle. Yum! My only complaint was my own doing. I had sweet upon sweet and I should have ordered a savory breakfast since we got the pastry. But that's my own fault. I definitely want to go back the next time we're in Pittsburgh to try other dishes, in particular the chicken and waffles. The owners of this place are opening another spot soon and I'd definitely like to check that out as well!
4	I don't usually like fancy, hyped up brunch spots but Meat & Potatoes was actually very good. My girlfriend and I shared an assortment of dishes: short rib hash, Irish benedict, carbonara, and fried taters. Everything was delicious but my absolute favorite was the carbonara. You can't go wrong when you combine creamy pasta with eggs. Yum! We also shared dessert..a white chocolate pretzel cheesecake (?) which was really good as well. Total cost for all that food was about $50. Not bad considering how popular the restaurant is and the quality of the food.
1	First impression at the front door are the hostesses. Regretfully for this restaurant they must not have ever learned that first impressions are everything and these people at the front door are obnoxiously rude. Despite my better judgement I have eaten here three times despite this fact. Each time was about an average to below average experience. The food is good for the most part with exception to the poutine. It was very disappointing. They basically brought us french fries with cheese on top which is not poutine. The service is normally slow. One of our visits was on my birthday and the waiter spilled drinks all over myself and my wife. The manager did comp us a round of drinks, but in my opinion he should have comped us anything except the cheapest part of our bill. Unfortunately for this place they will be missing out on my business. Good food, bad service and not worth the wait. C-.
4	Only had take out, but the interior is cool if you can find a place to sit. I ordered the duck and took it back to my hotel room, pretty pretty good.  Get the duck medium rare.   Nothing to dislike.  End of transcript.
4	Everything here is delicious. Get the devils on horseback, you will thank me later! Also, if you are a fan of fried pickles they are really good here as well. I have never had a bad meal at meat and potatoes and have have eaten here way too many times to review all of my meal choices. Just go with the fried pickles and devils on horseback as an app then order anything off the menu for a great dining experience! A+ (it's really dark here so bring a flashlight to read the menu )
3	Wait staff was friendly. A group of us ordered the following - bone marrow: delicious, ahi taquitos: disappointing, Mac and cheese: awesome, BBQ wings: just okFor our entrees- the pork: so disappointed by this. The place has a pig as a "mascot" yet their pork offerings have almost no flavor. They give you a giant portion of food but it's almost a waste because when you take your first bite you'll wish you had ordered something else. The chicken: the chicken was bland also. It was smothered in all kinds of toppings but the chicken itself was absolutely bland. Three little pigs sandwich: this was the most acceptable entree. The only reason it was good was because of the egg on the sandwich. Otherwise it was just more bland meat with cheese and heavy bread. Overall I was disappointed by meat and potatoes. Why are the meats not seasoned? Everything was so bland. It's odd because I have dined at meat and potatoes before and really enjoyed the food (I had the chicken and waffles). They knocked it out of the park with the bone marrow but everything else I tried (besides the Mac and cheese, which is impossible to screw up) was so underwhelming. I would go there again but only for the bone marrow or the Bloody Mary bar.
4	The deco is very post-modern, clean, sexy, and cozy, all at the same time.  We ordered all appetizers to satisfy our always-seeking-for-new-stuffs pallets. The duck liver pate was just so unbelievable amazing--It does not sound too appetizing, but it is just so good. It got a texture of peanut butter and a aftertaste of sesame paste. The bread is all right, not as amazing as I think it would be. But it is certainly a very special treat. The famous bone marrow is fun to eat. It comes with various small cups of condiments and you can dress it anyway you like. It is however very heavy and greasy, the way it is supposed to with bone marrow.  We also ordered the mussels with garlic sauce. It was nice. I would not say it was amazing, but it is a very decent dish with plenty of great sauce to go with more bread (extra charge for additional bread). The fried tarter is just your regular fries. The special part is the black truffle mayo that goes with the fries. Slight sweet with great aroma. It goes so nicely with fries. The buttermilk panna cotta is heaven. I don't particularly like the presentation --- it was just a jelly jar full of the custard, which makes it difficult to share the desert. But it is so creamy and smooth and soft and lovely. It is a great ending of a very nice meal!!
4	On a whim we decide to walk in to this highly recommended restaurant in the theater district of downtown pittsburgh later on a saturday night with no reservations and surprisingly did not wait long to get a table.  It truly lives up to its name because the meat and potatoes were epic. The hanger steak was perfectly prepared and absolutely divine laid out on top of delicious fingerling potatoes.  However, the soft shell crab tacos fell short for me.  I love soft shell crab and these really missed the mark.  They weren't in any way complimented or highlighted in their presentation.  Our appetizer, the devils on horseback or dates wrapped in bacon with sirhachi, were delicious and the bacon made desire...well, more bacon.  It was so good.  A+ to the staff and the ambiance but not a huge fan of the up close and personal seating arrangements.  I find that most modern and trendy spots seem to want you on top of the couple next to you and everyone walking behind you.  I also was a bit put off by our server bringing a can of beer and a glass to the table and pouring it table side.  Maybe it's just me but I don't want the illusion there's a bunch of igloo camp coolers in the kitchen labeled with beer types they're fishing our libations out of.  All in all, it's not always about the food and with good company any meal can be a positive experience.  I would return again soon as the menu offers a wide array of choices I just couldn't get to that night.  Great place.
4	Only negative thing I can say is that I hate the name.  The old Amy wouldn't even go to the bar because of the name, but I'm glad that I'm always evolving.Really awesome cocktails, and you can tell that they don't skimp on ingredients or presentation.  Have been here twice for cocktails, and last night we added food.  Unfortunately the Manhattans made me lose my ability to recall what we ate at the bar.Cute and friendly bartenders!Highly recommend for night out on the town in Pittsburgh!
4	A fun, hip, young adult locale with good food.  It's a bit cramped though with a bar in the middle and slightly louder music.  Wife and I split the charcuterie and corndog as appetizers.  I was surprised by the amount of meat you get!  Kobe corndog was also good with the wasabi mayo.  For entree we split the lamb burger which was my first time having lamb as a burger. It was good juicy and had a really good sauce.Overall it was a good place and I can see it being fun to go for drinks and hanging out with friends.  Reason for not five stars was although it was good, it didn't completely wow me.
5	Best restaurant experience in Pittsburgh! Food is delightful, and not too expensive either. The bone marrow and the duck liver pate are delicious. My wife had the wild mushroom risotto and was in heaven. Extra points for a super friendly staff, and the manager of the restaurant comp-ing us 2 free desserts just because we complimented him on the food. Everything was amazing!
5	The service was great, but the food was even better.  I would go there in again in a heartbeat.  I have food allergies and they were great about handling them.  The atmosphere is nice as well.  I ordered the flat iron steak, hands down it was the best steak of my life.  It was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly.
3	I think this place takes itself overly serious...when your restroom is in the hallway of a neighboring theater it's time to take yourself a little less serious and deal with what you are. As a appetizer we had the Kobe Corn Dog (which was very mediocre {didn't have the proper crisp, flavor was off}) and the Poutine (gravy was good wish there was more cheese curd).I was going to order the Bone Marrow but the couple next to us said "you have to try the Mac-N-Cheese it's amazing" so we did....it was really good. There is Chorizo and Pulled Pork in it so it is very hardy....(we were both going to order entrees but after this we shared one).We finished with the Hudson Valley Duck Breast. The pastrami duck was cooked a medium rear and was delicious with the chimichurri.  The pierogies it came with were good but nothing special.Our server was fine....with us! He was seemingly short with the couple next to us who (the female was a vegetarian) seemingly asked questions about every dish. You got the vibe that maybe he's been spoken to about this by his managers....i.e. quipping back.Highlight of the night might have been the two Spanish guys (in "wife-beaters") who sat themselves at a table to "just get some drinks." After two Corona's they left but clearly the restaurant did not have the proper procedures in place to deal with this....(It shows I have 4 check in's here.....I've only been here once. Verizon network was having issues that night into the morning.)
5	If you can get in, this is the most consistently delightful dining experience in Pittsburgh. The specialty cocktails at the bar are extremely interesting and varied. If you're into more traditional cocktails, the best old fashioned I've ever had is from here. Essentially every piece of food I've had from my few trips here has been delightful. The bone marrow is fun and well made, the goat-butter and jam appetizer is a wonderful combination of flavor, the mac-and-cheese is extremely good, and the spicy stuffed dates were so good I've tried replicating them at home. For entrees, I've had/tried burgers, chicken pot pie, mussels, and a few other dishes I'm forgetting. Not a single one has let me down. Bottom line is: If you want a meal to remember, get a reservation and try as much on their menu as you can. You will not regret it.
4	I really do love the atmosphere here. They serve you food on metal lunch trays which super cool. Although I'm a vegetarian, I still like it here. There are a few options for me on the menu for us non meat eaters, not many tho and a good wine selection.
2	We came here per an out of towners rec cross referenced with yelp. From the start it was a bad experience. We put our name and number down for our 40 minute wait. We asked if it was okay to walk down the block to check out the bridges. We get a call 10 minutes after we left telling us that it's going to be an additional 30 minutes as our table was just "given away." We were literally down the street so we walked back to ask what the deal was, something about her forgetting to put us on the list (yet we were there when she did Plus it was right next to the phone number they called us on...) The three ladies up front suggest we might have better luck at another spot down the street. But we were determined to eat here. So we stand around. 10 minutes later we're seated. The hostess really needs to learn some time estimating skills.The meals: the French toast was good, not amazing. The candied bacon was a nice touch. The rancheros were nothing to write home about, pretty boring and not a lot of flavor. The chicken and waffles were about the same, there wasn't a whole lot of meat on the chicken so it was basically fried skin and waffles. I didn't try the pub burger as I'm not a red meat eater (I'm new to the meat eating game.) we ordered some bread to start as we were all pretty hungover from the wedding the night before, it took forever to come out.The Bellini was decent, apparently the Bloody Mary bar is "amazing" so if you're into a boozy brunch bar, there's that. The staff were pretty lax, had to ask a few times for coffee and water refills. The space it self is huge, but there was a live musician which cramped it up slightly. That being said, it was rather loud, we couldn't really hear the folks at our table chatting. The bathrooms are not even inside the space itself, but outside to the back in the lobby. Overall, I'd slip it, but I think I just have higher expectations from places with 4 stars
5	Sunday Brunch... OUT OF THIS WORLD.I had the French Toast.. topped with Almond Brittle, Banana and Bacon.. Best I've ever had in Pittsburgh !
5	Wonderful Dinner and Great Service!!Four of us arrived for our reservation and we were immediately seated. We did shared seven dishes and two desserts. Everything was great. Mussels and Frites, Pork Belly Tacos, were just two entrees we thoroughly enjoyed. Both Desserts, the Panna Cota and the Pot of Chocolate were excellent. They have a Great selection of Micro Brew's on Draft, as well as a nice list of Wines by the glass.  We really enjoyed the evening and highly recommend Meat and Potatoes to All. Enjoy!!
5	Second time here this week! Have been trying to get in at a table for a month now but found eating at the bar a better experience than waiting a week with a reservation.Threw caution to the wind & asked Jason, craft  mixologist, for an adventure & what an adventure it was. He created the Duaghter Maitland for me, named after the Boardwalk Empire actress he first served it to, & as described it starts out with a hint of sweetness, moves into an herbal adventure & has a spicy finish. Loved every drop & highly recommend enjoying any concoctions created by the staff here!I would also recommend the Waygu flat iron I enjoyed the other nite served with wasabi masked potatoes, pickled ginger jicama & heirloom tomatoes...Really? Why go anywhere else! I'll see you there next week.
4	Great brunch! We heard a lot of great things about this place from locals, so we had to try when we got to town. Even at 1pm it was still packed, but we got a table quickly. The food was totally stellar and we got to take advantage of the bloody Mary bar. The atmosphere was cozy though small, but who cares what the place is like when you can get the best chicken and waffles in town?!
5	Best brunch in Pittsburgh. My friend took advantage of the Bloody Mary bar as was blown away. You have four vodka choices, and then you add the toppings of your choice, such as fresh asparagus, celery, mushrooms, garlic, and multiple choices of hot sauce. There are plenty of breakfast cocktail options as well, and they are quite creative. I had a champagne cocktail with elderberry liqueur. Delish!My friend had the omelette special that came with their signature au gratin potatoes. They were outstanding. I had the short rib hash, and I would go back again and again for that dish. The eggs were perfectly poached, and the short ribs literally melted in my mouth.I love the atmosphere. Rustic with lots of wrought iron, yet modern. I can't wait to come back and try their signature chicken and waffles. I kept watching that dish go buy and my mouth kept watering even though I was already stuffed!Our waitress was just ok, but honestly, I didn't even care because the food was so good.
4	Meat and potatoes are as ubiquitous as mac and cheese. I think it's safe to say that this is the new "trendy" place in town. There was no wait, as I made a last-minute reservation for right when they opened. The interior threw me off a bit - it's very plush, to say the least. I wasn't expecting it, especially since they share bathrooms with the theater, and they're more, um, pedestrian. Cocktails were good. I had the Cane and Able (10 cane rum, Ardbeg 10 yr, lemon, vanilla, jalapeno, angostura). I was afraid it would be too busy, but it was pretty well-balanced. The soft vanilla and smoke from the Scotch really rounded off the peppery edges. As for food, it was mostly good. The fried pickles and poutine were solid. I had the pot roast, which was very tender and flavorful, and went well with the whipped potatoes and veggies. My friend got their take on the Fish and Chips (country fried skate with yukon gold chips, malt vinegar aioli, mushy peas and pickled green tomatoes). It was an overwhelming mess. All the components were done really well, but the flavor combinations seemed very disjoined and overworked. Just too much. We opted for dessert elsewhere, so I can't comment on that. Overall, a good experience.
5	Amazing brunch. The bloody mary bar is like a five course appetizer bar. If you like meat, the cuts here are fantastic and cooked to perfection. The only downside is that the place takes reservations and if you come without one, you will have to sit at the bar (if you are lucky) all the while watching as tables around you are mysteriously empty. It's also a tiny bit too expensive, making it a special occasion place, not an everyday affair. For those of you worried that this place isn't good for vegetarians, they usually have something on the menu to satisfy those who find meat unappetizing. If you ask for them to make a dish (such as the huevos rancheros) without meat, they will oblige. While they do love meat, last time we went in, our server also reminded us that "potatoes is also part of our name."
3	Food ok....Not worth the hype, charcuterie was decent but some of the meat overly salty, had the Wagyu beef which was good but accompanying sides were meh. Personally I wouldn't go back and deal with the crowds and insanely small tables.
5	Came here for an event last night. They had a nice room in the back. The staff was extremely friendly and greeted us genuinely when we came in. The food was amazing as well. I would definitely recommend the fried pickles they were amazing! Also the atmosphere is something totally different that your blah basic Pittsburgh restaurant
4	I like Meat & Potatoes. I've been there several times but I just went for brunch, so let me write about that. I had a daily special which was the pork belly with savory oats, fruit kimchi and a fried egg. This is one of the more unusual dishes that I've tried there, and it really worked for me. The rich pork balanced well with the acid in the kimchi.I sampled some of my dining companions' choices as well and enjoyed most of their dishes. I tried the brisket flatbread, which was excellent; the eggnog French toast, which was good but didn't really excite me; and the sausage and biscuit (another daily special). That last one. Man. It was oversalted. Like: Dead Seas oversalted. It was sent back and quickly replaced with something more enjoyable. The coffee was good too. Service was good but sort of... hover-y. Plates were removed from the table as soon as the last bite was consumed (or prior to in one case) . Almost all the serving staff has an earpiece which gives the place a bit of a Secret Service feel---not the most relaxing vibe for a lazy Saturday brunch.I will definitely be back.
4	Meet and Potatoes is a nice place in a great location with very tasty food. No wonder they are almost always really busy which may make it hard to get a table or quick serivce. However the food is always worth the wait.
3	Living in New York, I have really high expectations for food (especially brunch). So far I've been disappointed by a lot of places I've tried in Pittsburgh. Given all the great reviews, I decided to try out M&P for brunch, keeping expectations low.We didn't have reservations on Sunday, so we showed up exactly at 10:30am when the restaurant opens. 4 groups were already ahead of us waiting for seats at the bar. Tables were not available for walk-ins. The waiting area was dimly lit with ample seating which was great! Fortunately there were plenty of seats at the bar so we only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Honestly, I think I prefer to sit at the bar - the bar table is quite spacious, there's a place to hang my bag, and there's much more excitement going on at the bar.The food was really hit or miss. Brisket and egg (1/5): Super disappointed. This dish got such rave reviews on Yelp. I was expecting a Korean BBQ flavor but it was completely lacking in the brisket. The burnt edges were super dry and chewy. The brisket otherwise was so fatty both my bf and I had to spit out the fat. My bf liked the kimchi which was mixed with gochujang (I absolutely love gochujang!). It was extremely spicy so be sure you can handle it. The egg yolk was almost completely cooked and barely runny.Grilled bread (1/5): First, my bread was burnt and dry. Second, the raspberry jam was way too sweet. I've had the best fresh jam in NY (Beth's Farm Kitchen jam), and this jam at M&P tasted like Smucker's compared to that. Fried taters (3/5): The fries were really good, however the seasoned fries at Winghart's are much, much better. Also it seemed like our fries were from the bottom of the bag, meaning they were all short instead of the long strings you see in the photos. These fries should've never been served.French toast (4/5): Now here's the saving grace. I am extremely picky about my french toast. I like it crispy on the outside and soft on the inside without being too eggy. I've had the best french toast of my life at ABC Kitchen and have tried it at a myriad of other restaurants in NYC. I've even been disappointed in some of the highly rated french toast dishes in NY. The french toast at M&P is absolutely delicious. It beats the banana french toast at Extra Virgin in the West Village, NY by a mile. I don't even like banana but it is delicious here. The portion is humongous. The sourdough is exquisitely caramelized on the outside and chewy on the inside (but not fluffy). The bacon almond brittle is a bonus, but I barely touched it because the french toast stands on its own. Definitely, definitely recommend this.Regarding drinks, my bellini was also ok, but my boyfriend's diet Coke was flat! Overall, I would definitely come back for the french toast and to try the chicken and waffles. I might even try dinner but not expect too much.
5	Meat & Potatoes is my favorite go to brunch spot in the city. It's mainly reservation only but you can always wait a 10-20 minutes and they'll seat you at the bar if nothing is available, which is delightful. I've tried the Irish Benedict and Short Rib Hash. Both amazing but I like the Benedict better for brunch. The short rib hash is unbelievably flavorful in a amazing way. The eggs are always poached to perfection and hollandaise on both is superb.
4	Brunch here was a real treat! 5 friends and I decided to treat ourselves as late semester pick me up and it couldn't have been much better.We had a reservation (highly recommended, as the space is small and popular) and were seated relatively quickly. We each ordered something different and passed plates:-Brisket and Eggs: Delicious, the meat was a little tough, but the kimchi made up for it.-Irish Benedict: Hearty but a bit bland. It also was really heavy. Definitely the least favorite.-Short Rib Hash: Pretty good, is a somewhat small portion but apparently was filling-French Toast: Absolute perfection. It was a bit sweet but all of the flavors worked well together.-Omelet Special (Sundried Tomato, Cheese Curds, Roast Beef)-Pretty good, but the real star was the potato gratin that came on the side. That was divine.We also decided to share 3 desserts. They were small so it worked out:-Black Bottom Chocolate Pecan: The presentation was awesome-it came in a jar with whipped cream on top! It was really warm and rich. Definitely delicious, but probably couldn't have eaten one by myself.-Pumpkin Tarte with Cranberry Sauce-Yum! Very festive and not too heavy. It was also less sweet which was pretty good considering the other 2 desserts.-Mudslide Tiramisu: Light, flavorful and just great. This was probably the table's favorite. I would definitely order this again, no matter the time of the year.All in all, Meat and Potatoes was a delicious treat, and  I hope to go back soon!
4	Lively place to get a goo meal. Service was great, and the food was even better.
5	PBLT - pastrami belly on a BLT. Even better than it sounds; the arugula complements the fatty meat well. And the bread (thick cut) is excellent.
4	Amazing Food.  I am a big fan of this place.  They also have awesome beer glasses.  I recommend buying one!
3	Just got back from a downtown b-day lunch, and alas, I have to once again confirm the 3 star rating.  Maybe I'm just missing it.Ordered the grilled bread appetizer, which was in fact pretty tasty.  But everything else simply fell flat.My fish tacos had no flavor whatsoever.  With Penn Ave. Fish Co. right down the road, I would have rather saved myself some dough and gotten a far better spread.  The corn tortillas were bland, the mahi had no taste, and I ended up drinking an entire pitcher of water as the lack of garnishes left them dry as a 20 year old sponge.I did have half of my wife's wild boar sloppy joe, which while significantly better than the tacos, didn't really impress.  I far more enjoyed the house pickles on the side of the plate.While I'd go back if someone wanted to, I don't think I'll find myself venturing on my own in the future.  Judging by the reviews, I feel like I'm missing something, but then again, maybe it's all the hype.
4	In November we decided on meat and potatoes for a friends birthday dinner. They reserved the room to the left near the entrance for our larger group. Arriving early we had a cocktail with Wes at the bar who answered all of our questions with enthusiasm. For our dinner Yves was very patient waiting on all 12 of us to decide. When the chef Dom saw our group he came over to welcome a friend of his that was with us. What we didn't know was that in between courses he would bring out some of the delicious specials. One course was quail in a hot and sweet sauce and it was amazing. Even though 2 at the table split the enormous meat and potatoes for 2 they were still raving about the quail. Our marrow app was interesting for a first time taster but I enjoyed the richness and complimenting accoutrements. I split the pub burger and game hen with my guest and each were delicious. Other items with rave reviews were the pork chop (huge)!! And the rum tiramisu. The only drawback for the evening was the stuffiness and temperature in the private room, we were all a bit warm. The staff and food and general atmosphere were all spot on however. Will be returning!
5	Absolutely go here for a meal.  Sat at the bar.  Bartender was lovely, entertaining and could make a great drink.  That evening it was a negroni punch.  He recommended the pork chop -- it was the size of my head!  Cooked at medium, it was tender, juicy, succulent...can't say enough about it except next time, bring a friend a share!  The slaw was delicious and had the right amount of acidity and freshness to cut thru the richness of the pork chop.  Nom nom nom!
5	I had eaten here before, so I booked an alumni event here for roughly 40 people. I could not have been happier with the result: amazing food, delicious drinks and a fun, private atmosphere (back room). They even created a custom drink for us based on an Ohio bar's recipe. The restaurant was extremely accommodating and flexible with what we wanted for the event. I highly recommend booking a smaller event here for something casual yet sophisticated.
5	This is my first time in Pittsburgh to see a football game and decided to go out to Meat & Potatoes for dinner our last night. We completely dominated the food here. It was phenomenal. Ordered the muscles with cured bacon they were very clean and delicious, I hated muscles for the longest time and tried them here and are half the plate. For the entree I ordered the Hudson Valley Duck Breast when I've never eaten duck before and I loved it. It was cooked perfectly with pastrami and chimichurri sauce. Great combination of art food and people! Next I will trying their second restaurant, The Butcher and the Rye.
3	Gave this restaurant a try on the recommendation of a few folks and Yelp....and ended up a little disappointed.  It's nicely decorated, but quite dark and very cramped.  (The staff recommended moving the candle so we could read the menu.)  Had the Three Little Pigs sandwich and thought it was good, but nothing spectacular.  Maybe I missed something, but this establishment didn't live up to the hype.
5	Stopped in on a Wednesday night! Not a table to be found. Staff were all very friendly we sat at the Bar until a table became available. Jason at the bar was fabulous. The bar had a great selection and Jason was able to secure an Irish whiskey that my friend wanted me to try. The ambiance was great, food was very good and it is now our place when we get together in Pittsburgh.!
4	The music was several notches too loud which distracted from our dining experience. Drinks were out of this world. 25 th hour, bramble and  buffalo negra I recommend. ,Fod well prepared, the Reuben was terrible, we sent it back. I liked the fact that no children or strollers were here, this is an adult environment. Salads very nice, presentation nice. The place was really darkSERVICE WAS POOR , Ashlee was too busy for us. Mac and cheese served almost cold, forgot to ask for our drink orders, didn't offer us a desert list, was impatient and    2 items made it on my bill that we didn't get.A disaster for us. NEXT TIME I WONT COME ON A SATURDAY AND I WILL JUST TAKE A BAR SEAT TO ENSURE SERVICE
5	So we were seated directly next to Jbaby S, whose review you can read below. Not only did our experience vary wildly from what they reported, half of what they said was patently false.Our drinks arrived promptly and were delicious - it's worth noting that the drinks here aren't your standard Jack and Ginger, and perhaps when you have to add an egg white to a mixed drink, it's going to take some time. The food was good and came to our table quickly. Pro tip, if you wait fifteen minutes after your food is served to eat it, it will be a) cold and b) not the restaurant's fault. The service - we had Ashlee, the same server - was attentive and friendly. The music was a normal level for a hip restaurant. If you're expecting secluded silence you won't get it, but it wasn't distracting at all.All in all, we had a great experience from start to finish.
5	I have to say that since moving from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh, I've been disappointed with the restaurants I've tried so far. Philly made me a total food snob, which happens easily when you can eat any cuisine at any time on any street corner and have a great meal, whether it's $10 or $50. I know, I know there are great places in Pittsburgh and everyone tells me I just haven't been to the "right" places yet.Meat & Potatoes was one of those places! My faith in Pittsburgh food is restored. This was easily the best meal I've had here and definitely up there for one of the best meals I've had anywhere. From my phone call making reservations to dessert, we had an amazing experience here.I called to make reservations and was connected with Matthew, who was extremely helpful and very pleasant! I had to call back soon after to make changes due to a change in our party number and he was overall very accommodating.  We arrived a bit before our reservation and got drinks at the bar. They have a nice selection of beers, some drafts and then an extensive bottle selection. It was quite crowded, so we took our drinks out to the lobby where there are large, comfy couches and tables to wait for our table. When we were seated, we were introduced to Josh, who was a magnificent server and made our meal very enjoyable! He took great care of us throughout the night, from making sure we had everything we needed to making menu suggestions at our request.Everything was delicious. We started with the Curry Mussels and Wild Mushroom Risotto. They were a great indication of the quality of the food we were going to have and we could not stop raving about it. The risotto was creamy and cooked perfectly. I am a huge fan of Mussels and loved something other than the traditional red or white sauce. Curry, coconut milk, lemongrass...YUM!Each of us ordered a different entree and shared so we could sample everything. I could not have been happier with my selection. I ordered the Agnolotti pasta. It had pecorino romano cheese, greens, sweet potatoes and a maple bourbon foam. I was intrigued right away. A sweet, savory pasta dish that was definitely one of the most delicious and unique I had ever tasted. I am to stop myself from devouring it just so I could savor the leftovers!The other dishes were equally as delicious! (Some of the best steak I've ever had.)Pappardelle pasta with bolognese sauce, short rib, pancetta and pork shoulderWagyu Flat Iron with heirloom cherry tomatoes, pickled jicama, wasabi mashed potatoesHanger Steak with pulled potatoes, romesco,  water cress, green onions, jalapeno vinaigretteOh and it didn't stop there. We decided to indulge in dessert because we knew it would be amazing. We shared an Eggnog pot de creme and a chocolate mousse that were both out of this world!!I will definitely be going back because there were other menu items such as the Korean Reuban and  Lamb Burger that definitely caught my eye as well!
5	It is a very quaint atmosphere. It's very nice for the bar and the service was excellent. We had the mack and cheese appetizer which was delicious and we also had the fried pickles which were also very good.  I had the pot roast and was delicious and fell apart with A fork.  I suggest you call ahead for reservations because getting a table will be very tight during dinner hours. I still have to say I think it's one of the better or best restaurants in the downtown area
4	You did it again Jason! Just visited my fav spot in Pittsburgh this week...again. Love the handcrafted drinks at this place! Jason made me a Daughter Maitland, an original created by this interesting fella! When you're there ask for him & just try it..you will not be disappointed! Cecil is another mixologist that is super nice & enjoys engaging in interesting conversation! Just a great experience overall! Merry Christmas & I'll see you in Jan.!
5	Took my girl here for her 21st, wrote it on the online reservation. They gave us both free glasses of Champagne. The beer I ordered tapped out when my glass was 3/4ths of the way full, they let me have it for free.It was PGH restaurant week. Had strawberry watermelon gespatcho, pulled pork on cornbread, pork tacos with pickled cabbage and maple syrup, and a hot pecan desert. All courses were fantastic. I like the atmosphere, steampunk/industrial/country blend, with info graphics on cuts of beef. If your in the cultural district I'd check it out.
4	Loved this place! I was in Pittsburgh for a wedding and we ended up going there twice!  We went Friday night for drinks and appetizers at the bar, and then returned Saturday for brunch. The food and service were both terrific, the outdoor seating was lovely and the bloody mary bar was a huge perk. Will definitely go back if I ever end up in Pittsburgh again
5	If you are going to a show, this could not be more convenient.   Not to mention that the meals (fish, beaf, chicken, and duck) are awesome.   If you need reservations for a group or special occasion ask for Matthew who is unbelievably effective and accommodating.  Best restaurant in the cultural district. .. hands down.
4	Took a date night in Pittsburgh over the holidays.  Made a reservation for 2 a week in advance, which was a good thing because the place was booked solid.After getting very good cocktails at the bar (sloe gin fizz and glenshaw sour) we were seated at exactly 7p.  Not a big restaurant - it's one big room, high ceilings, with the bar at the center and tables around the edges and had a nice lively feel.  Draft list was on a chalkboard on the wall, and had some great seasonal and local selections.  Only special was the mussels of the day, which looked good but we're not mussels people.Started with pate, which was an ample portion, and the seasonal salad, both hit the spot.  Lamb burger was good-sized and excellent.  Korean Reuben could have used a little more kimchi since it really did go well with the corn beef, but it was an interesting and enjoyable (and large) sandwich.  Couldn't even finish all the french fries served with each sandwich since we wanted dessert.  We went with gingerbread cake which was fresh and delicious but we couldn't help thinking it would have been better after 10 seconds in a microwave.  They brought it with a candle since we were celebrating my husband's birthday.Service was professional and friendly and the server was helpful with beer and food selections.  We were happy with the prices we paid which were very reasonable for the quantity and quality of what we got.  We are partial to gastropubs in general and this was a very good one - would recommend to anyone to try.
3	We had a bad server who rarely came to our table and overcharged us, drinks were great. Music is kept so loud you have to scream to be heard
5	This is by far some of the best food I have ever eaten!  It took us a very long time to get a reservation trying multiple times we were in the city and for my honeymoon weekend and my birthday.  But, my husband and mother decided to just make a reservation and go there for no occasion.   I was slightly worried it was going to be pertinacious, but I was wrong.   The food is fantastic for a foodie and familiar enough for someone who is not. We got the mac and cheese and grilled bread to start.  The goat butter was so good I wanted to ask if I could take what was left home.   For the entrees I got hanger steak, my mother got fish and chips, and my husband got the duck.  Everyone was satisfied and full.  We didn't get any alcoholic drinks, but the soda came in some very neat glasses.  We got a reservation for my next birthday :-)... Would definitely recommend, but there isn't much seating so a reservation a couple weeks ahead is necessary.
4	Make a reservation and this place is sure to please. The food is great the the decor has a great vibe. My only complaint was its a little small and crowded.
4	Great mussels, drinks, and atmosphere. Definitely will need reservations, but the burgers and steaks are worth it.
3	Not impressed. I just moved back to Pittsburgh from LA and everyone has been saying that I needed to try Meat and Potatoes, so I finally did. It's not that the food was terrible, but it just wasn't impressive. We got the ribeye steak for 2, which was ridiculously salty, to the point that it wasn't enjoyable. We would have sent it back, but it takes 35 minutes to cook and we had to head out to see a show. Totally not worth it. I did like the strawberry and goat butter appetizer and the drinks were good. The service was also good. Overall, it's not an awful place, but I'm definitely not dying to go back. There are so many better restaurants in Pittsburgh, in my opinion.
5	One of the best new restaurants in the Burgh! Went here for brunch and absolutely loved it.  The build your own Bloody Mary bar is incredible - the flavored vodka infusions, selection of "fixings" and most of all the price - only $5 each!!  Food was incredible too - had the brisket and eggs which was perfectly seasoned and delicious.  Sampled some of the chicken and waffles - the chicken was the best fried chicken I've ever had. Can't wait for a repeat visit!
4	I have been wanting to go to Meat & Potatoes for a long time. I have heard such good things so this was a place I really needed to go to. Lo and behold I was asked to a late night birthday celebration! It was held on Monday after 10. We were presented with two menus. A late night menu and the regular menu.  I was torn. The late night menu was $5!!! And the menu looked amazing, mussels, oyster, patty melt, shake and bake chicken, and an assortment of flat breads! Wow, what a great menu and a great deal.  But would the portions be enough? Or was this a sampling menu. I was hungry. I didn't want this $5 menu to turn out to be some sliders and a chicken leg. So I asked the waitress about the portion size. She said that they were small, but still good and made a shape with her hands that looked like a slider sized bun.OK, I thought to myself, better go with the big girl menu.  I ordered the Kimchi Ruben from the regular menu. The rest of the party went with the late night menu, and ordered two of each of the $5 plates. My food came first, and it was delicious. The bread was thick and crusty, and did not get soggy even the next day. The corned beef was cut to perfection and the kimchi (brussels sprouts) was spot on. Just enough spice and heat to make me want to try it again. But, then the rest of the food came out. And let me tell you, that  $5 menu was no joke. The flat breads were so good. I got to try the greens and chilies flatbread. OH MY. The greens were cooked to sweet perfection and when you took a bite it was heaven, with that kick of chilies mixed in. Just enough to make you go, "WOW" but not overwhelming. The Patty Melt was amazing. Juicy, cheesy, and the bread was thick and toasted just right. The mussels were marinating in this amazing buttery garlic sauce that made you dip your crusts of bread in it, just to get another bite. So good.(Can you tell we shared plates?)My only complaint is that if the waitress wouldn't have told me that the sizes were small I would have saved some money and just ordered off the late night menu. But I was not disappointed with my order or all of the other dishes I tried at all. And it makes me want to go back soon. This time, I will focus on the late night menu!!
5	I recently visited Meat & Potatoes for the first time and I absolutely loved it.  My girlfriend and I had a 5:30 reservation on a Friday night. As soon as we walked in the front door I could tell that it was going to be a great dining experience. The minute you walk in you're greeted by a friendly group of hostesses, and the friendly service doesn't end there. Our waiter, Brent was wonderfully attentive, friendly and constantly checking up on us. My girlfriend and I shared the Macaroni and also the Fried Pickles, both were delicious. For our entrees I had the Duck Breast and she had the Pappardelle, even though neither one of us cleared our plates we were still beyond happy with our meals. Meat & Potatoes is one of those places that you can't say anything bad about, at least I can't. The staff, the food, the atmosphere A+! I can't wait to go back.
1	This is a place perfect for only drinks at the bar and some appetizers . Loved the atmosphere and the interior.  It's so over rated though,sorry to say. I was there yesterday and I had some steak,brussels n fries! Omg so saltyyy and the steak was cold and I could smell the cow! It was gross I couldn't eat it! Don't go there to eat!
4	Best pork chop in the city. Cocktails are also top notch but if often takes forever to get you drink. Staff is attentive.  If you want to go on a Friday or Saturday make sure you make reservations 3 weeks in advance.
5	Was in town passing through and this was the first restaurant to come up with 4 starts. Well deserved!! Didn't have a reservation but got a seat at the bar. Just had beer so I can't comment on the drinks. Had the fried chicken livers for a snack. Delicious if you don't mind liver texture. Had the pork belly sliders and some of my buddy's curry muscles for dinner. Both were delicious. Huge portions and great taste. Guy next to us had the pork chop. It was about the size of a brick! Like I said huge portions. Next time I'll go with a fellow carnivore and get the 34oz steak.
5	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!  Came here with a colleague for dinner and sat at the bar - ordered a number of courses and all the food was delicious.  I also have to say, from the host/hostess to the bartenders to the servers, everyone went out of their way to provide exceptional service.  Hands down one of the best dining experiences in Pittsburgh.  I will definitely be back often.
4	It was about 8 pm on a Sunday night. We just got off the Duquesne Incline and found street parking after we drove across the river to downtown. We originally planned to see the Rubber Duck installation after dark before grabbing dinner. Thanks to a quick last-minute change of mind, we called Meat and Potatoes and were lucky enough to score an 8:45 pm reservation. It certainly took a lot of luck to get this table. Once inside, we saw that both the bar and the dining tables were fully-occupied. The lively patrons and the dark and sleek interiors reminded me of a recent dining experience at The Girl and the Goat in Chicago, where I had my best dining experience in 2012. To my pleasant surprise, the quality of the food here was comparable to that from TGTG. The bread with goat milk butter and jam was so addictive that I couldn't put down my butter knife. The seared duck breast we had was just as good as any I had in Manhattan, only at a fraction of the price tag at $19. The pierogi with the duck dish was good but seemed out of place. I guess it was a way to keep the meat and potatoes theme. The only disappointment was the blue cheese flatbread, where despite its inventive combination of flavors, didn't impress either of us. For a restaurant this good, we were surprised to hear the dessert selection was rather average. We were so lukewarm about the choices that we decided to skip them all together. The modern interiors and nicely-prepared dishes were more than enough to give this place a 3-star rating. When our bill came out to be around $50 for the two of us, the fourth star is much deserved.
4	Hmmmmm..... I wonder what they serve here?Oh yeah it's right in the name but that's not all.I love this place, great vibe, cool people watching and a very diverse clientele. You have your city dwellers, your city workers, your hipsters with their fedoras as well as trendsetters with their cool glasses. Oh and a lot of pretty ladies! Just Sayin'. The menu is more than just your grandmothers idea of meat and potatoes. Take time to explore it, there are some magnificent choices on this menu. As far as the beer menu, diverse and good and the bar is exceptional. Waitstaff, bartenders are all friendly. I have never had a bad experience at this place.In fact probably going back tonight.
5	Great food, unique menu, amazing steak.  Would definitely recommend.
5	Meat & Potatoes is my favorite brunch spot in Pittsburgh! I highly recommend making reservations, especially if there is a show or game in town.The first time my husband and I visited, we did not have reservations--but we arrived right when they opened; we were able get get seats at the bar., however, within 15 minutes of sitting down, there was not one seat left at the bar.My husband and I both had a blood orange and caramelized pineapple Bellini-- it wasn't on the menu, but the bartender recommended it--simply delicious! My Husband ordered the bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit special-- scrambled eggs, thick cut bacon, and cheese served on a giant homemade biscuit, with truffle mayo and a side of frittes. I had the omelette special, which had blue cheese and mushrooms, served with a side of their au gratin potatoes. Both meals were phenomenal! My mom came with me on my next visit to M&P for brunch before we headed over to the Benedum to see a show. I made reservations a few weeks in advance, and I'm glad I did-- I overheard the hostess tell the party in front of us there would be a 1.5 hour wait! We were seated upon arrival, and our waiter Shane was at our table in no time! My mom and I both opted for the Bloody Mary bar--we both had the garlic and black pepper infused vodka, and proceeded to top our bloody's with the amazing variety of toppings available. It's hard to believe the Bloody Mary bar is only $5! For our meal, I had the BPLT and my mom got the Quiche of the day. My sandwich was delicious; this version of a simple classic had arugula, pastrami belly, thick cut bacon, ripe tomatoes, and truffle mayo all wedged between two pieces of grilled bread. I don't remember exactly what was in the quiche, but I think it had pork, peppers and scallions. It is served room temperature, which I found a little odd, but the flavors were amazing. It was served along side a house salad, which really balanced the dish nicely. We finished our meals with a cup if coffee, which was also delicious!The service is impeccable, the drinks are fantastic, the food is stellar, and the manager stops to talk to the tables (which is a nice touch). I highly recommend stopping in for brunch in the very near future!
4	After a great show at the neighboring O'Reilly theater, my friend and I treated ourselves to a great dinner at Meat & Potatoes. Since we did not have a reservation, we ate at the bar, which was comfortable and offered a great ambience. (It was a bonus that some if the cast from the play say there as well.). I'm a pescatarian, so hold the meaty dishes for me; my choices were limited. I had a pasta dish with salmon which was well prepared and not too heavy. Wine list was great; tho I'm not a fan of the stemless glassware. No biggie tho.
5	Definitely worth the value of money. Except from the delicious plates one should definitely try the cocktails from the bar!
5	Next time I take a trip to Pittsburgh, I'm definitely going to also at that point take a trip to YUMTOWN.  I mean Meat & Potatoes.  I like that an ampersand is in the name of the restaurant.  (I just wanted to use that word.)Delicious!!!!  Suuuuuuper classy fancy schmancy but dressing up is FUN!  It's in kind of a weird location, I was like, am I going into an office?  But it shares space with another establishment (I want to say...bowling alley?) and they share bathrooms too which are clean, by the by, and probably bigger than they would be if they DIDn't share the bathroom so...that worked out.  Very nice hostess, they checked my coat for me.  Not that that's like something that would separate them from the rest but, just so you know they do that.  LET'S talk about the food!  So yummy!  We were there with lots of people so we shared a bunch of stuff and we had two kinds of mussels--one curry and one regular garlic butter white wine and BOTH were wonderful.  There wasn't a yucky mussel or a gritty one in the bunch, which can totally ruin your minute or more if you aren't laid back.  The curry one was so different but soooo so so good.  Then I had the pork belly tacos and...like, seriously, they have come up in my dreams.  IN MY dreams.  I remember biting into the first one and my pupils probably dilated instantly.  I'm saying that my neurotransmitters immediately fired.  I'm saying they tasted good.  They were served with fresh lime slices and there was a teensy bit too much cilantro draped over it but I picked it off and that was easy to do so...thanks.  You obviously know that people have cilantro things and were thoughtful.  Ned insisted on ordering the meat & potatoes for 2 dish and eating it by himself.  It was...impressive and also frightening.  It was also BEAUtiful!  Huge gigantic dinosaur sized (not really) bone with marrow just glistening there in the candlelight.  I really don't like bone marrow.  Ugh.  The steak was juicy and the potato wedges were huge and the whole thing was slathered with mushrooms and onions and served on a huge cutting board.  It's the kind of steak that makes a man feel like a man.  I think.  Man, now I want those pork belly tacos again.  OK, drinks!  They make a good martini, they have a decent beer list and a good wine list too.  Back to food.  Desserts!  AHHH I'm so glad I had a little room left because jesus CHRIST the desserts were all so good and so rustic looking.  Almost all of them except the tiramisu, I think, were served in mason jars and I LOVE mason jars.  A lot.  I realize that's not necessarily a plus for the masses but they were ALSO fantastically delicious!!!  Ned had the butterscotch....something like pudding or creme brulee with no brulee.  I don't know, all I know is that it was better than mine and I hate when that happens.  Go here!  It's great!  Not too badly priced either.  Definitely going back when I blow through the Pitts.  The burgh.  The Pittsburgh.
5	The food was excellent!  My girlfriend and I stopped in for brunch prior to a Steelers game and were not disappointed!  I had the Chicken & Waffles, which were absolutely delicious.  I loved the spiciness in the skin of the fried chicken.  The Jalapeno Cheddar waffles balanced very nicely with the Bourbon, Bacon Syrup on top!
4	I really enjoy this place. Ambiance is fantastic. Just the right lighting, cool space, nice bar which is the center piece and should be because the bartenders are top notch. Drinks are not the average bottle slinging. Anything off the menu is an experience though the special was too smokey like eating a piece of wood out of the fire. However no uppity BS, she took it back and made me another. Had the special which was the chacatuire as an app with the fried Brussel sprouts. Both were outstanding. For main course we had the special strip which was also fantastic. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the waygu was way too fatty and not well seasoned. Dessert was phenomenal. Chocolate pecan pie and the chocolate mousse. Both of them were so good we nearly ordered another. This place consistently delivers a great dining experience. Karen was a great waitress as well. My friend from Cincinnati repeatedly said they had nothing like it there. Props to the burgh and to meat and potatoes for bringing big city dining to our beautiful city.
5	Amazing food. Great beer. Can host a business dinner or a date night. Prepare your carnivorous desires and stay a while for the atmosphere.
4	The Mac-n Cheese appetizer is delicious, the pasta I had as a main dish was something completely different it's great to taste something out of the basics!Staff and ambient where great as well even on New Year's Eve :)
5	This is a MUST if you are in Pittsburgh! Great ambience for cocktails, excellent choice for dinner. Extensive menu, chose the "meat and potatoes" for two (34 oz steak with crispy black truffle potatoes and shitake mushrooms). Meat was cooked to perfection, waitress gave us excellent recommendations on cocktails and wine list selection. It was like walking into a restaurant in NYC without the crowds. We went on a week night without reservations, but i would call ahead if going during weekend.
3	The wagyu flat iron was indeed delicious. That alone can get 5 stars from me. the kobe corn dog was good but nothing outrageous. The fried taters were ok. You get a huge bowl if you order them...enough for two. Garlic all over them. Their selection is better at lunch vs. dinner it seems.
5	This has become one of my favorite brunch spots. I love the venue, and service has been solid for the most part. I typically spend a few minutes debating what to get before deciding on short rib hash, but there are so many good things on the menu I am always tempted to switch it up. The quiche changes every day and is always good and oh my gosh - the flat bread... both the salmon and the brisket are a great way to start the way.I'm not a huge bloody mary fan myself, but that's what M&P is famous for so while you're here, definitely try one. If you are in need of coffee, try the Irish Breakfast. The whipped cream is made fresh and maple-flavored.And last, whatever you do, remember that there is NOTHING wrong with eating dessert after every meal, including breakfast so save room for whatever dessert they are serving. I rarely recommend splitting dessert (since I hate sharing it) but in this case I'd say half a cupcake is plenty.
5	BRUNCH IS WHERE IT'S AT!  Been there many times and love the brunch.  I only had one bad experience there with a server, but I would never let that discourage me from coming back because the other staff is great!
3	Well, I know I'm in the minority here, which is ok by me... but I hoped for so much more when we came here. I guess I'm just too much of a traditionalist for a place like this.Don't get me wrong, the food was cooked perfect. My favorite part of the meal was the bone marrow and the tenderness of the steak. So good. I just got lost on the grits and collard greens & pickled mushrooms that were served with it.  Like I said, I'm just too much of a Steak and Potato person to appreciate the variety of the plate.The service was great, she knew all about the dishes and made recommendations. The atmosphere was good, music in the background and not too bright or dark for the lighting.  The seating, well, the seating was like we were in a group, RIGHT next to the people beside us. So close that the guy next to me jokingly was going to try my dessert! (it was hilarious but his wife was annoyed. haha!)All in all, the food was good, the place was nice, just cramped and the service was great.Just not my cup of tea.
5	Had a fantastic dinner here last week. One of the best cocktail bars in the city, bartenders were great. Overall service was excellent as well as the food.  Cost was well worth it. Will definitely be back.
3	more like 3.5.We had brunch on Saturday. Reservations for 10:30am, when they open, and highly recommended. There was already a line in the lobby, even on a cold Saturday morning.Pleasantly surprised by the their ability to change the offerings. We had two vegetarians in the group (at Meat and Potatoes? I know..), but it was no issue. They did the huevos rancheros sans the pork and it was really good. Also had the banana waffles which disappeared quickly. Very solid drip coffee, and a wild Bloody Mary bar. Music was bit loud for a Saturday morning. Very solid offering.
4	Rather excellent place. Came in 30 minutes prior to our reservation and sat at the bar. Cocktails were very good. Were seated later at our table in the main area, which is very lively and stylish, very well suited for a relaxed conversation. Great atmosphere! The food was VERY good. The meat was prepared really well. I had pork belly tacos and hubby had bone-in filet, both cooked to perfection, followed by dessert served in a glass jar. Servers were polite and attentive. The only downside was that the filet (that was on special and was not listed in the menu) turned out to cost almost twice as much as the most expensive item on the regular menu, a small thing that our server "forgot" to mention. Even though my husband thoroughly enjoyed it and would have ordered it anyway, it would have been nice to mention it in advance, as you don't generally expect a price of $56/entree in a place that has $20-25/entrees in their menu. Hence minus one star. Otherwise it was a wonderful evening and we will come back. But please, do mention the price next time!
4	My husband and I were very behind in trying Meat and Potatoes (so behind actually that we tried its newer sister restaurant Butcher and the Rye first), and we finally checked it out tonight before our Alton Brown Live show at the Benedum.I had heard over and over again, particularly when Meat and Potatoes first opened, that the staff was underwhelming. Though they exceeded my extremely low expectations, I must admit that this restaurant receives 4 stars (and not 5) from me because of the staff that I encountered. The best analogy for me is to think of the sales associates (or should I say models) at Abercrombie. They will ring up your purchase, but they will not do it with a smile or go the extra mile. However, when I'm paying nearly $100 for a meal for two (drinks, appetizer, entrees, dessert, and tip), I expect my waiter to have a better personality than an A&F employee.The second, but more minor, reason for my 4 star review is the seating. Though the restaurant is beautiful aesthetically, the made-for-2-people bench seat with accompanying miniature round table and chair is very teeny. This compact seating reminds me of restaurants in New York City and is not something that I want to experience in Pittsburgh. Plus, we were sitting a bit too close to a drunk woman ranting loudly to the strangers sitting immediately next to her about her ex-husband and his numerous infidelities and addiction issues.However, despite these few flaws, I had a great dinner. We started with the Wild Mushroom Risotto appetizer. It was warm and rich and full of flavor. I would definitely order this dish again, though I do believe that it had a tad too much salt. For our main course, my husband ordered the Pot Roast, while I went with the Hudson Valley Duck Breast. The two bites of Pot Roast that I tried were very pleasing. The dish was homey and flavorful and appeared to be a great portion size. Overall, I enjoyed the Hudson Valley Duck Breast but did think that it had some opportunities for improvement. The little dandelion green salad on the plate seemed a bit unnecessary. However, it was descent tasting, particularly the pickled onions on top.  The sauerkraut pierogies on the dish were a major disappointment to me. They tasted pretty one-note and could have used some sort of sour cream sauce on top to improve the flavor. However, the star of the dish - the pastrami crusted duck - was perfection! The duck was cooked rare/medium rare (just the way that I like it) and perfectly seasoned. By the end of the meal, I was too full to finish and felt absolutely devastated to leave two slices of duck sitting on my plate.We had allowed two hours for dinner before our show, so since we were finished in only 45 minutes, we decided to order a dessert. Though I'm sure the desserts change frequently, I do wish that the restaurant would print a small menu with the options. I had a tough time remembering all the options when the waiter listed them for me and also couldn't see the distant dessert sign on the wall. We selected the Baked Chocolate Mousse that was out-of-this-world delicious. I have to say that it was my favorite item of the evening, with the duck in a very close second.Though I may have sounded critical throughout this review, especially since having the meal-of-my-life at Butcher and the Rye just a couple weeks ago, I do have to say that I enjoyed my first Meat and Potatoes experience, and it definitely won't be my last.
5	BEST lunch I've ever had. Seriously. I'm not even talking about dinner!Thick cut juicy pastrami belly sandwich with truffle fries and perfectly poached eggs on the Irish Benedict. I think my gf was there with me but I'm not sure..I was too focused on the food.Oh yea, just in case you want to impress your significant other, reserve tickets for the Theater Square right next door! They perform musicals from the Pittsburgh CLO company and it's a perfect place for a dinner/lunch date after you get your Meat and Potatoes on. Parking is street or in a garage off 7th. On the weekends it's $9 all day.
4	Really a strong 4.5. Knocking off .5-1 star for the use of canola oil when they have so much rendered animal fat laying around. Not just healthier, just plain tastes better. Beyond that - WOW. Just go. Ordered:Bone MarrowMac n CheeseLamb BurgerDuck BreastKorean RuebenSalmonAll amazing. All cooked to the proper and requested level of doneness/temp. Service was awesome and paced well in terms of how the dishes came out. Atmosphere - even with a full-house - was relaxing and quiet enough you didn't need to shout in order to have a conversation. After going to both here and Cure - it's no contest.....M&P HANDS DOWN! I think I may have found my new favorite. Go and enjoy!
5	Great atmosphere with a younger clientele (30s-40s). I had a Martini with some Chicken wings and fried brussels sprouts. It was all great! Downtown Pittsburgh can be hit or miss with some of its restaurants. This one's a hit!
5	Ooooh this place.My husband and I went here for our anniversary. First off, the place is LOUD. It's not the place for a quiet candlelit dinner, be forewarned. It was a Tuesday night and it was packed, so have a reservation. The decor is very interesting and edgy.So anyway, our server tells us the specials. He describes a steak that sounds good, I say I want that. The other steaks on the menu are $25-30 so I figure it's something around that. I get the steak, it's amazing, every bite melts in my mouth. The potatoes with it are also delicious (though I wish there had been more, there was basically a decorative amount of potatoes). Then we split a baked chocolate mousse for dessert which was equally delicious. Service was excellent and attentive throughout.Then we got the bill. That damn amazing steak was $56. $56! $56!!! I had to laugh (to keep from crying). Now, I'm a frugal person, and I usually don't fall for well-known consumer trickery tactics like the "special with no price" but they caught me off guard on this particular night since my husband had encouraged me to "go with the flow" after I had lamented the $12 cocktails we ordered earlier at a nearby bar. Here I was trying to carpe the diem and I end up picking the most expensive dish in the world. HA!I'm just glad it really was the best steak I ever had.
5	We dined here with friends during summer restaurant week 2013. We had a great experience. They had a new special menu each night during restaurant week. We were there for Mexican night. The night started with a tequila shooter (always a good start!). Next we tried several courses of delicious Mexican entrees and dessert. All of the food was full of flavor. It was obvious that they also work hard on presentation as well.Overall, a very fun experience. It would be fun to try the restaurants regular menu as well.
5	Lot of good things to say about M&P and a few less good too - so I'll do a pro and con, for a chance. But overall a very very good place downtown!Pros: the restaurant is very nice, with a great oval bar at the center, and tables around. Very high ceiling, great rusty colors, a bit shadowy. I like it. Cocktails! I tried a few that night, and I liked all of them (some more than others). In fact, these may be the best cocktails i have had in Pittsburgh so far.Food! The bone marrows are as impressive as the other reviews say. Huge. No HUGE, and tasty. Not for the faint of hear though: that's not light on your belly. The duck was fantastic and so was the flat iron. The tartare was good, although I have had better in Pittsburgh (Salt's is often better for instance). The portions are fit for Pittsburgh. Enormous. too much actually (do we need to have 3 enormous bones for the bone marrow?), but I suppose some would grumble on yelp if they were a tiny bit smaller. Yinzers have a big stomach. The menu is not very large, and is fairly conservative (steaks, duck, salmon) with a few sandwiches. But it all seems very good. Cons: the tables are really close to each other if you are dining in the section with tables for 2. You may hear your neighbors, and this may be less than exciting. At 8:30 a Tuesday, we did not have the problem. The tables emptied soon after we arrived. Good strategy.The wine we tried (a malbec from argentina) was less than impressive. We did not finish it. Worth a star off? nope. The pros make up for it. The coffee was god awful - what's wrong M&P? And there is no espresso. Really? Like in 2014, in a fancy restaurant? Oh yeah and it's hard to get a table over the week end. Booking is required. The bar is also quite full over the week end. We'll be back for sure.
5	I LOVED Meat & Potatoes so much I went for dinner on Friday evening and back for brunch on Sunday morning.I made both reservations about a month in advance of my trip, and the pickings were already a bit slim in terms of the times available. Strongly recommend a reservation, as the place was crowded both times, even at opening on Sunday morning on a snowy day. The front of the house seems a bit disorganized, so after waiting for almost 10 minutes and the confusion of who would seat us, we opted not to check our coats.The dining room is not super large, and is dominated by a huge bar. It was hopping at 8:00 on a Friday night. We sat at a two top- a tiny, round marble table on the front side of the room. There are about 10 of these in very close proximity to one another. While cute, they're a bit too small to accommodate the admittedly large amount of food we wanted to order. I found it a bit awkward to be so close to my neighbors (why not just have a communal table?) This is not significant enough to prevent me from returning, and I actually prefer more tables + less wait to fewer tables. The beer list was extensive and well-priced, with options from $3-$8. We started with fried brussels sprouts, which were a bit lemony and covered in parmesan cheese. These were AMAZING. Even if you don't like brussels sprouts, try these! I ordered the lamb burger and my fiance had the fish and chips. Be aware that the fish and chips have such a fancy presentation that they don't look like traditional fish and chips, and my midwestern fiance was not thrilled. They're stacked individually, and the tartar sauce and cold greens top them, which created serious temperature issues. We wouldn't order these again. The lamb burger was delicious- cooked perfectly well, the house-made bun was pillowy soft, and it was very well-seasoned and flavorful. The fries were among the best I've ever had- even my normally fry-hating fiancee was fighting for these. For dessert, we got a cooked chocolate mousse that was delicious.We returned for brunch on Sunday morning at 10:30, right when they open. We had to drive back to Chicago that day, and it was snowing. The place was totally full by about 10:50. Service was impeccable, and we liked the brunch even more than the delicious dinner. I had the chicken and waffles, which were extremely well executed. The chicken was so flavorful and moist, and the cornbread jalapeno waffle was the perfect vessel to eat the chicken. There were also four enormous pieces of chicken! It came with delicious bourbon maple syrup with chunks of pepper bacon. The perfect sweet and savory meal!My fiance ordered the kimchee brisket with eggs, and he loved it. He ate every last bite, and hasn't stopped talking about for the last week.In summary: go here, order everything, leave satisfied. You will not regret it. We are plotting to go back to Pittsburgh solely to go to this restaurant!
4	March 7, 2014. Decided Meat & Potatoes was the place for us to have a birthday celebration dinner. We arrived a tad early for our 7:45 reservation. We were pleasantly surprised when we were seated right away despite the place being packed with theater going crowd. We were only a group of two, lol. Waiter poured some water right away & took our drink order. Our bottle of wine took some time to arrive. But the place was packed & the staff was constantly moving. We ordered some fried pickles for fun but I can tell you the menu is packed with an array of appetizers, drinks & mussels of the day! Pickles were delicious & the dipping sauce had a lovely zing to it. We were seated in the bar area at these tiny two people tables among others coming & going. After an extraordinarily long wait & noticing people coming in after us were getting their meals we were about to ask about our meals when the waiter came to us & told us he took it upon himself to involve his manager & insist on our meals to be made immediately. He apologized. We were fine with that result but if we had theater tickets or other plans we would have been hard press to have stayed & been able to enjoy our meals. I think the wine helped in this situation not to get annoyed. The best part of the night other then the amazing chocolate dessert & having dinner with my great friend was the lovely friendly couple next to us. The tables are so close together it's impossible not to acknowledge your dinner mates. That made the evening fun & extra special to meet friendly native Pittsburghians! Note: I enjoyed the game hen with green bean casserole & a scrumptious cranberry stuffing & lovely chicken gravy. The chicken was moist & nicely seasoned. Wish there was a roll or fresh bread to sop up all that gravy! My friend enjoyed the fish & chips. Lightly battered. Served with fresh greens & smashed peas (my friend absolutely went nuts over the smashed peas & wish she had a small bowl of them) all drizzled with a light malt vinegar. There was a side of their home made tarter sauce. We shared an amazing chocolate mousse dessert with fresh whipped cream! All in all we had a nice experience. It was loud & very active. Not a place for a romantic dinner for two but definitely a place to go with friends. If going on theater night allow plenty of time to enjoy your meal or eat at home & enjoy drinks & appetizers or dessert here. Food is delicious & plenty. I didn't pay since it was my birthday but my friend was pleasantly surprised at the bill thinking it would be higher with the quality of food. She would put it at moderately priced to high depending on what you ordered. I would agree with her based on the prices. You can eat well here and spend little or spend a lot. I say go. Give it a try & decide for yourself!  :-)
4	After hearing and reading raving reviews about Meat & Potatoes, I dined there expecting the best of the best.. of the best in Pittsburgh. Even though it was very tasty, it did not meet the 5-star review that I was expecting. However, I had dinner there for a work function, so I was in the back room with a round table and was away from all of the activity. For me, this took a lot away from my entire experience because I couldn't experience the atmosphere in its entirety. Let's start with the appetizers. I tried both the fried brussels and Artisinal Cheese Board. The Artisinal Cheese Board was definitely my favorite. The display was so cool, and it was definitely great for sharing. Someone in my party loved the Bone Marrow, which I wasn't feeling brave enough to try (maybe next time?). The Waldorf salad was pretty tasty. A little bit on the bland side, and I was expecting a better presentation, but overall, I would order the salad again. For the main course, I ordered the Wagyu Flat Iron. I order my meat medium well, and it was a little pinker than I had hoped, but it was still pretty good. And, the serving was huge! I was definitely not expecting as big of a steak...enormous actually.Dessert...delicious. It seemed like they had seasonal offerings, and I had the gingerbread cake, which was my favorite part of the meal. Again, huge piece of cake.  Oh, and cocktails...my party seemed to enjoy what they had. The bar was hopping.I've tried to make reservations for this place a few times and it's been booked. Book in advance, and on a Friday or Saturday night, don't expect to walk in and get a table without a reservation, especially because this place is located right in the heart of the Theater District. It's also loud, so don't expect to come here and have a peaceful, quiet dinner...I prefer atmospheres like this one though.Overall, I would recommend Meat & Potatoes, especially because of its location. It is not your traditional place by any means.  The menu is not ginormous, but it has your fair share of unique offerings. For what they offer, the prices are what you would expect and not outrageous either. For Pittsburgh, it is definitely a place that really stands out and has a more creative, chic take on things.
5	You won't find another place in Pittsburgh like this one! It is by far my favorite in the city. The drinks and the food are amazing as well as the atmosphere.  I typically get the devils on horseback to start which are dates stuffed with chorizo and wrapped in bacon and then topped with some sort of incredible sauce! After that I get the saffron curry mussels. Which are to die for. I've tried many other things and loved them all as well. But when you love something why question it?Ps the prosciutto crusted duck is also amazing!
4	I really love the food here. I've been here a couple of times. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They have the best fried pickles I've ever had and I used to live in the south. I give it 4 stars because whoever is running the front desk/telephones is pretty rude. We made a reservation and they told my husband we could have it but we had to be out by 7:15. Okay...great. Then they called to confirm our reservation and told us the same thing. I think that's pretty rude and strange to say to a paying costumer.
5	I ate here right after attending a play next door at the O'Reilly Theater. After learning that nearby restaurants closed early due to water issues, we quickly noticed that they were still open and decided to partake. We were welcomed and guaranteed a spot without reservation (points added for that)! The waitress was very pleasant and friendly. We ordered our drinks and browsed the extensive menu full of gastropub favorites! I had to order the mac n cheese! So yummy! I also ordered the wings and they were also very tasty! I can't wait to dine here again and try their brisket. Definitely 5+ stars!!!
4	Had a great table here for our group of eight. A semi private area with a long natural wood table. Ambience is a great mix of chic and natural which is perfect for their food.My dinner mates had the Wagyu beef and said it was one of the best steaks they ever had. I would 100% agree from just the one bite I had. With the grits and collard greens it was one excellent bite.I had the pappardelle based on the server's recommendation but was a but disappointed. The dish had chunks of meat and a chunky tomato pancetta sauce but the flavor was a bit more basic than I expected. The noodles were great but overall it was just ok. Wish I had the beef!Definitely worth a try and it appears Sunday nights are a good secret in terms of avoiding the crowds!
5	Food is outstanding, service was great!!  The barrel aged Manhattans are they best drink you will ever have!!!  You will spend a little more at this restaurant but it is 1000% worth it!!  If you are in the cultural district and don't come to Meat & Potatoes, you're doing it wrong!
5	If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck & looks like a duck, then it's duck so please send it to Meat and Potatoes promptly as I will be over to eat it shortly.  Just thinking about it gets me all quacked up.  First time there but definitely not our last trip to M&P.  We arranged reservations almost 2 weeks in advance and when we arrived the waiting area was packed with other reservation holders so reservations are a must.  I did see a table or two that was not occupied during our early dinner but I chuck that up to the hours we were dining, 5pm on a Saturday.  Well it worked out perfect since we were coming from an afternoon show.I studied the menu for two weeks looking it over and over and wondering what I would order.  I had thought of the fried pickles as these are one of my favorites, or the pork belly taco's because come on pork belly in a taco!  Yum, but no.  My recent love affair with duck had me swooning for it...  I also saw so many wonderful pictures of the bone marrow I had to give that a shot too.  I can say confidently that I picked wisely.  This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.As I looked to my H who I convinced to order the Wagyu, I stated, "Welcome to my new favorite restaurant".  He absolutely loved the wagya, he said I wish there was just one more piece of it.  I think he could have had two... Lucky for me my plate filled me and though I could have eaten more I didn't have to, the portion was perfect.  I could've done without the pierogies.   I love pierogies but this one wasn't my thing.  All is fine I gladly gave them to my H to eat and he happily did so.  The atmosphere here seems casual with an upscale feel at the same time and the seats were like sitting on your overstuffed couch.  I melted in.  I will be back M&P you really got all your ducks in a row.
3	The spot itself is fantastic and provides a really cool vibe/scene that downtown Pittsburgh has been needing if you didn't want loud obnoxious music and cougars ruining your night life atmosphere. It's so simplistic and despite their large dining room tables, quite intimate. Bartenders are fantastic, Luke is a magician with the cocktails. Their particular music, especially the soul/mo-town is the biggest reason why I come back when I can.My main issue, which is only recent, is their food. Don't get me wrong, absolutely fantastic execution, but the recipes/product itself?...uninspiring. They had a fun play off a tuna casserole using confit tuna/mornay and a fried chicken dinner which used the same mashed potato recipe I probably do (half potato, half butter), but is it really worthy of waiting a month for a dinner reservation? Wagyu beef, bone marrow, pork shoulder, the tartar, all fantastic ingredients/recipes, but by no means does it merit such a prolonged reservation list. Their deserts are basic as well, although they did win my heart with the clafoutis that I had in the summer time. But again, obvious flavor pairings, nothing that would arouse the pallet. Its a question of sincerity behind their food, whether or not the chefs are utilizing the food as expression of talent for the sake of the customer's experience or if it's purely self-indulgent falling back on high quality ingredients neglecting "soul-food" style cooking...IE smoking an egg for the tartar which is a beautiful usage of cooking techniques on something so simplistic as an egg twisting an old french classic or the caramelized brussel sprouts...which was made famous in another city by a chef that was told it would never work in the first place, and we're simply being desperate to catch up with the rest of the on going food city. In the end, if you want to eat somewhere that's fun, trendy, however...safe, yes Meat and Potatoes is fantastic for that...but it's not worth planning a month ahead of time while you can try the other fun places the city has to offer.
1	Yes, one star ... My girlfriend decided to take me here for my Birthday brunch/lunch, which I was looking forward to since I had heard so many good things about this place. Getting out of bed late we didn't have enough time to eat breakfast, so we headed into the Burgh.We arrived 30 minutes before our Reservation thinking we might get a table early or a spot at the bar since we were extremely hungry. No room, 40 minute wait? Okay, we'll be back for our reservation, no problem, so we walked over to Six Penn and ordered a few drinks (had an awesome Elysian Stout). After our drinks we headed back to Meat and Taters, checked in and were seated in about 5 minutes. Cool.The first thing I notice is how loud the place is because some DJ in the corner was playing club music! Really? Euro-Club music for Sunday brunch? Definitely not conducive to a two-way conversation, but hey at least the table was tiny enough to hear one another across the table. They sure know how to cram a bunch of these teeny tables into the room. I felt like the couple next to us came with our reservation, but at least the music was loud enough that we didn't have to listen to their conversation.The waiter comes over and asks for our drink order; my girlfriend orders some froo-froo lavender something or another drink and I ask for a cappuccino to which to my surprise they don't have an espresso machine... After the waiter tells me this he walks off, doesn't even ask if coffee will suffice. I guess I don't need a drink after all! I mean really? A yuppie place like this not having espresso? I guess that is the WA Stater in me and being used to every place even shacks on the side of the road that can make me a cappuccino. So, a bit miffed by that situation I begin looking at the menu, and to my chagrin it seems like a hodge-podge of ingredients thrown together in non-traditional ways.Eventually the waiter comes back with the drink, which apparently my girlfriend says is normally a different color and tastes different this time as well. He asks if we are ready to order, so I basically say I would like a drink. I need a beer and that Elysian Stout from earlier was so good .... Chocolate Stout only you say? No Porters? Fine an IPA (normally I love IPAs, but I couldn't finish this one .... I tried, but eventually my girlfriend took it away from me because she knew I was not enjoying it!)So anyways, I order a brisket, egg and potato flatbread out of curiosity and she orders some hash thing. We waited around 20 minutes for the food, which is fine, but despite my hunger I couldn't finish the meal. Not because there was too much food, but because it wasn't that appetizing. Given the choice between Cracker Barrel and this place for brunch I would choose Cracker Barrel. After that we decided to head back to Six Penn, but it was after 230pm so it was closed. Hindsight we should have just stayed at Six Penn.Minus 1 Star for the loud crappy musicMinus 1 Star for no espresso and the waiter leaving without taking my drink order.Minus 1 Star for the food quality (or lack of)Minus 1 Star for all the hype that fell flat
3	There's more seasonings on earth that salt & butter...We went here last night for dinner.  The tables were a bit small and a little too close together for our taste.  All through dinner we had to listen to the couple next to us discussing their families and the couple on the other side asking each other questions as if they were reading from a Trivial Persuit deck- 'Do you like to get your nails done...?  Do you have any pets...?  Do you have any allergies...?  Do you have a large family...?'  It was very distracting.  The bar scene looked more to our taste but we had already ordered so we were stuck where they seated us.  We ordered the Mussels appetizer and the 'Meat & Potatoes for 2'.  The mussels were a bit confusing- some were under cooked, some were over cooked, but the majority of them were just right.  The broth they were cooked in was delicious- perfect for 'bread dipping'.  and the bread was delicious- once we sent back the garlic soaked french roll that came with it and brought out grilled sourdough.  I would suggest to anyone that comes here to request the grilled sourdough in place of the butter-logged roll.  Mussels- Pass  The Meat & Potatoes for 2 is a $59 monster 32 Ounce hunk of Ribeye with a tomahawk sized bone perched in the middle almost daring you to pick it up with 'said' bone and start knawing away like a starving caveman.  But, please resist that temptation as the napkins are small and not all that absorbant.  We ordered it Medium and it came to the table on a cutting board that required us to relinquish every other plate we had other than the about 5 inch square ones we were using to place our silverware on.  It definately looked impressive and I could feel the couples flanking us trying not to stare.  The 'frites' they served with the meat were crispy but also greasy.  It was like their oil wasn't hot enough when they dropped them, or they had been sitting around for a while half cooked and they tried to 'freshen them up' with a second 'dunking'.  They were also heavily salted to the point where it sucked all the moisture out of your mouth as you chewed them.  Potatoes- Fail.  Next was the bisected bone that was turned into a 'gravy boat of sorts' where the gravy was bone marrow seasoned with too much salt and baked with top layer of extra salted bread crumbs.  Maybe next time I'll tell them I have high blood pressure and can't have salt.  Marrow-Fail.  On to the glorious looking steak...  My first cut was delicious, although a bit salty (Do they salt the steaks when they age them?)- a nice char on the outside and delicious steak on the inside.  My second cut was very red and rare.  My wife's first cut, was red and rare, bleeding on the cutting board.  There went her appetite.  Someone doesn't know what Medium is supposed to look like... I should have been more specific when we ordered however, we have watched more than our share of cooking shows and know that medium is not supposed to bleed.  It's supposed to be brown on the outside and pink on the inside.  that's the reason we go out to eat steak- so we don't have to time it just right to get it the way we want.  If we were home with this dinosaur hindquarter I could have just tossed it back onto the grill for 3 more minutes but in this confined space and no-where to turn for assistance and my wife's appetite already blown- I chewed my second slice then asked for a 'to-go' container...  Meat- Pass... barely... I think if we ever come back here we're going to request a larger table, order seperate entrees, be very specific with our orders, tell them EASY ON THE SALT and send back anything that doesn't taste the way it should...
4	Have been here twice, both times for brunch. Chicken & waffles were always a big among the group, as was the bloody mary bar, both of which are good reasons to go here for brunch. They also have other good Sunday brunch beverages, and a good selection of menu items for whether you want sweet or savory, or both. Monkey knuckles were also pretty good. Service was decent, and the price was fair for a downtown area. This place is definitely on my suggestion list for visitors staying in the downtown area, and would be the kind of place that I'd take my mother to, knowing she'll find something she likes.
5	Loved it.  As a first timer to Pittsburgh this was  great. Portion sizes were great. Love the atmosphere.   Great beer selection.
4	I have only been here once. I had the mussels and a craft beer. The mussels were a little salty and fishy, but overall pretty good. The beer was good too.
2	First of all, after being told "Oh my Gosh, I cant believe noones walked in in the last 25 minutes" by the hostess, and "Usually reservations are needed two weeksin advance" (by my buddy), i expected to have gold guilded utensils and bossa nova playing in the background.  In reality I enjoyed the pot roast, La fiera vino, pecan carrot cake, but i most certainly did not appreciate having to sweep off the banquet seating or the fact that it felt like a broke down mattress either :/ im just glad the food was hot and it quieted down by dessert course, oh and that i didnt leave with a spring impaled into my nether region.
4	First time to Pittsburgh and this place has me falling in love...along with the PPG building because that thing is beautiful and kickass.I took my sales rep and sales engineer out for a team-building dinner to this place after seeing it on the Travel Channel.  It is a small place but we were seated at a nice table in the corner by the windows.  Our server was fairly attentive but not great.  My cocktails were good but not memorable.To start, we had devils on horseback, poutine, and the kobe corndog.  My favorite was the corndog with the chipotle sauce - just divine meaty and spicy.  The fries in the poutine were crispy and soaked up the savory gravy well, with the curds squeaking properly against the teeth.  Devils on horseback needed some cheese or the bacon needs to be crispier because there was a slight texture issue while the flavour was robust.The fried brussel sprouts were nicely charred and I snuck a pieces of chicharrone and crispy pig ear from the caesar salads.  The three of us also shared the 34 oz bone-in ribeye with mushrooms, steak fries, and bone marrow gratin.  I was a little disappointed that the ribeye was not medium-rare but more medium and the quality wasn't the best.  However, it was impressive looking and the steak fries were incredibly tasty, along with God's butter (aka bone marrow).The dessert was a huge disappointment, as I ordered the salted caramel pretzel brownie.  It came out parfait-style but was so incredibly dry and the mouthfeel was similar to soft gravel.  I would not recommend ordering dessert here.TL;DR - fun smallish gastropub requiring reservations that mostly has great food but service needs to perk up with more personality and dessert needs a major overhaul.
5	Great value, best mac n'cheese in Pittsburgh, great ambiance.  Loved it!
3	Everyone speaks so highly of this place and I was so eager to go. But I must say that I left somewhat disappointed. I just went with my husband and they put us on the wall in between other couples. I felt like I could brush legs with the people on either side of me and definitely knew everything that the other couples were talking about. We did go on a Sunday and I understand that he restaurant is located near theaters but I definitely felt rushed. I think that we were in and out of there in about an hour with 2 appetizers, two entrees, drinks and dessert. Personally, if I am going to spend money like we did that night, I would prefer to have a nice leisurely dinner. We ordered the fried Brussels which were good but you also need to expect a somewhat burnt flabor. We had the ahi taquitos which were quite small but not bad. For dinner I had the pork belly tacos. Some were much more fatty than others but still decent and my husband had some sort of steak option. He was extremely happy with his meal while I still think that I have had better. I would recommend this to someone who is going to a play but even then, we had reservations and sat outside in the waiting area for over half an hour to not be comped anything. Even if we didn't get anything comped, you would think that they would have at least acknowledged how long the wait was.
4	Outstanding food. My first visit I had a burger which was good but not excellent. Second time my wife and I ventured out into all different appetizers and tried the steak and fish entrees and they were excellent!! I would highly recommend the restaurant.
4	Nice atmosphere, food is decent. I found the serving sizes varied a lot from dish to dish. Drinks are delicious.
5	Great 'come as you are bar' with barrel aged Manhattans, brilliant food and hip atmosphere. How can you go wrong?  Always good and a new Pgh stable.
5	My favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh.  They have some of the best cocktails, and who doesn't love Meat & Potatoes.  Make your reservations ASAP because they fill rather quickly.
5	This place is great! The risotto is very good ! It's a bit strong on the black pepper ! But i liked it very much! Great atmosphere
4	The food we had here was innovative and really tasty. Unfortunately our waiter seemed lost, we asked about their specials and he told us there weren't any, and then 15 minutes after ordering he told us actually they do have specials and finally read us the list. However, once the food came out we had no complaints! The atmosphere was warm and the chairs were really soft. We didn't get drinks but the menu looked interesting definately worth coming back to try.
5	Took a chance on a Sunday morning and walked in. Seated at the bar within 5 minutes. Love the service and food. Recommend short rib hash and chicken with waffles. Make your own bloody Mary bar or enjoy Irish breakfast coffee with maple whip cream. Dj plays nice mix and although a little loud we could still hold a conversation. Highly recommended for an adults only morning.
4	This is the best place to go in Pittsburgh for brunch by far. The food is awesome I've tried basically the entire brunch menu and everything is absolutely delicious. The drinks are great. If you like Bloody Mary's they have an entire make it yourself section to the bar with anything you could ever desire to put in your drink. There is also a really fun atmosphere perfect place to start a Sunday Funday!
4	At long last, after years of hearing about this place, I had the chance to eat a meal at Meat & Potatoes. And it didn't disappoint!The atmosphere in here is really quite interesting - while the place definitely has the look of a modern and comfortable dining area there's lots of little inclusions in decor that make you think about shopping for fresh meat from your local butcher shop. It's kind of hard to describe and has to be seen to be understood, but rest assured, the place looks wonderful and inviting.But let's be honest, the food is what really matters here! Meat & Potatoes is well-known for serving delicious food. And, well, they do! If you want a great appetizer, go for their grilled bread, which tastes like homemade toasty goodness, especially once you add on the fresh butter and jam that comes with it. As for the main courses, my friend had their special fish tacos (made with tilapia) and I went for a good ol' lamb burger. And yes, both were quite excellent! Something about the ingredients used in them gave what could potentially be considered standard menu fare a unique flavor. My lamb burger for instance had harrisa aioli, arugula and havarti, among other things, rather than the usual onions, American cheese slice, etc. - and the result was delicious perfection. Oh, and the burger? Cooked medium, exactly how I asked! So many places overcook my orders that having a tender, juicy, perfectly cooked burger in front of me was more or less a little piece of Heaven for me.Not only is the food excellent here, but the service is wonderful! The waiters and waitresses are really attentive here. Have empty plates in front of you? Someone will soon clear them away. Do you have a show to go to that night? They'll make a note of that and get your order out ASAP. I really got the impression that they cared about our dining experience and it elevates Meat & Potatoes in my eyes.So if you have such wonderful things to say, why only give this place 4 stars, I hear you asking? Well...because this place is LOUD. Like, even on a slow Wednesday night, between the loud music and the people talking here, the noises levels here got quite high. I would NEVER want to be here on a Friday or over the weekend, honestly.Still, I'd definitely come back - the food and service really are both quite excellent. And given their prices (not super high but not cheap either) I think in my book this is a great location to keep in mind for special nights out with friends or dates. And who knows? Maybe I'll eventually find the energy to brave the noise and crowds and try their brunch - which I hear is also fabulous!
5	Meat and Potatoes is an excellent restaurant and certainly one of the best (if not the best) downtown.  The service is generally excellent on multiple visits and the food never ceases to amaze.  From what I am told by my dining companions, the bone marrow is excellent, though not my thing personally. You can get a lot more than Meat and Potatoes here, but they certainly excel at most everything we've tried. Definitely worth a visit downtown (and a hit to the wallet).
5	Wonderful food, excellent wait staff and a really great location!
5	Fantastic food and service!  Great for kids as well.  A different restaurant with creative combinations.  Highly recommended.
3	I swung down here with a friend for a quick snack, etc.  We sat at the bar.  The food was good, but the service left much to be desired. Very slow, and my friend couldn't even get a basic cocktail recommendation.  In fairness, I think the staff were overwhelmed, as the walls were nearly bulging given how crowded it was.  Nice place, probably better at the tables than the bar, but not somewhere I'm rushing to get back to.
5	My wife loves bone marrow, so that drew us here, but the menu is full of awesome tastes and the 33 oz bone in rib eye for two was magnificent!  Rachel, our server, was superb and the wine selection was perfect.  When in Pittsburgh a again, we will be back!!
4	Had heard rave reviews about Meat &  Potatoes, so decided to give it a try.  We went in on a Tuesday night without reservations.  While there seemed to be a few open tables, we were told it was an hour + wait if we didn't have reservations, but fortunately there were three open spots at the bar (went with two colleagues).Food wise (both selection and quality) I'd say it was very good, worth visiting.  Service on the other hand was slow.  It took awhile for the bartender to take our order, and it was a bad sign when he returned to ask us for it again (and still didn't get it right...but to his credit, they comped the dish that he forgot and brought out late).  Some of the dishes...-The Mac & Cheese with Chorizon and Pulled Pork was good (though I think Butcher and the Rye does it much better)-The Mushroom Risotto was also tasty.  As a side note, either of these "small plates" is a meal by itself-The fried brussel sprouts were amazing...a MUST!-The "fried tater tots" are french fries.  And a VERY generous portion.  We were expecting tater tots, so just want to make sure I mention it's really fries...and again, A LOT of fries-One colleague ordered a barbecue porkchop, which was bigger than him.  But he said it was good (though hard to finish after sharing the brussel sprouts and fries)-My other colleague ordered a caesar salad, which looked very unique...it had a fried egg, calamari and I think pork bellyOverall, good, will likely be back (though would give Butcher and the Rye the edge after a first visit to each)
5	Love this place! We usually end up here before or after theatre. Great cocktails and food. If you have not been here, it is a must. There is not a bad choice on the menu.
4	I went there for my birthday with a couple of friends. I was very impressed with the decor of the restaurant and liked the ambiance of it. I especially enjoyed the chairs which were so comfortable to sit in. I shared the bone marrow appetizer with my friends and loved the contrast of the bone marrow with the accompanying seasonings. The main entree I ordered was the wagyu steak and it was cooked perfectly. I would give this place a 5/5 if it was not for the extremely late reservations that they offered me. Other than that, I would recommend this to anyone!
4	I've been here thrice. Twice for brunch and once for dinner. Big fan of the brunch. I've heard oodles and oodles of good things about the Bloody Mary bar, but have yet to try it myself. I got the Irish Benedict. Fantastic. But very, very filling. I wouldn't have traded it for anyone else's dish, though. Bit bland, but if you like Hollandaise Sauce, M&P has a good one. I also had the Fried Chicken & Waffles. The maple syrup served with it was great. It made the dish. Not like regular maple syrup, this was a little thinner, with bacon bits in it. The fried chicken was fairly spicy as well, which I liked, gave it a zing. Dinner was good, but nothing special. They do an excellent job cooking their meat. I had lamb and I got to try some of my friend's mutton, which was very tender, very soft. I love the restaurant space, with the mirrors around the walls, and the chalkboards. Sometimes I think I come more for the atmosphere, environment, and people-watching more than the food. But don't get me wrong. The food's good. Like real good. So you should go. But definitely make a reservation. At least one week out because the place fills up fast.
5	Absolutely wonderful! Went here with a friend, shared fried pickles, she got the Plain Jane burger and I got the Three Little Pigs sandwich, and everything was delicious! My sandwich had what I believe was bacon, ham, and some kind of fried pork on it with swiss and an egg over easy on huge grilled bread, and it was incredible! The fried egg really made the sandwich. The fired pickles came with some kind of spicy ranch sauce, and they were great- seasoned well, thick, and a great portion to share for two for only $5. Totally recommend!
2	The only reason I gave this place 2 star's is because it is very trendy. .a cool place.  As the food and the service goes don't waste your time! This place will not get any more of my hard earned money. .......
4	oh, downtown pittsburgh, why can't you have more restaurants like this. absolutely delicious with a strong selection of brown booze. from veggies to fish to steak, meat & potatoes wow'd me. my work takes me out of bounds rather frequently, and while for the most part, i don't mind it, what i do mind is being away from all the amazing options that my city, more specifically, new york city, has to offer. meat & potatoes has become my saving grace. wings, fish tacos, salmon, steak, pork chop... i haven't made a misstep yet. meat & potatoes, and its sister restaurant, butcher & the rye, are bright & shiny stars in a rather dark area, hopefully serving as a guiding light to other chefs looking to open restaurants downtown. but alas, for now, until those other chefs find their way, you'll find me settled in at the bar here or across the street at butcher & the rye, happy & grateful for these bright and shiny stars.
5	Was able to get a table outside on a Monday night without a reservation. Very good service and the ribeye special was delicious! Also loved the beer & coozie to take home. So glad we got to enjoy dinner here while in town for a few day.
5	Meat AND potatoes!!! Omg, so good! I love this place. You really won't be disappointed and it's worth the wait.
5	The best place to eat in down town Pitt when you consider everything. We have been about 5 times. Drinks: Good price. Amazing value. The make the best old fashions in town. Seriously. Just try theirs. For brunch, get the Bloody Mary bar option. You will thank me. Speaking of brunch I have ordered the short rib hash and poached eggs twice and I will order again. Ridiculous. $12. They could charge more and it would pay. The wife bought the fried chicken and waffles. Also ridiculous. Chicken was moist and flavorful. Some would say spicy but tame for us. The real hero was the syrup. The bourbon, bacon infused syrup was so unique and flavorful it almost goes unnoticed in its small dish they serve it in. Pork belly tacos are great!The only item we ordered that didn't stack up to every other item was the lamb burger. It was good but compared to everything else they serve this was at the bottom of the list.
5	Food and drinks were amazing! Our bartender was Cecil and he was just great, lots of info and very helpful. We sat at the bar and I don't think I would even bother with a table. The bartenders are great and have lots to add to the experience. Chill atmosphere and cool music. I don't have a single complaint!
5	When a bartender is wearing suspenders, listen to said bartender's advice on cocktails and the menu. I struggled with the menu choices. Everything sounded amazing and I wish I could have tried a bite of each dish. But I also thought I could get really good fish tacos, or pasta or cheese plates elsewhere. I was secretly craving pizza, so I lingered on the flatbread list. I decided on the mushroom/truffle. "Are you a vegetarian?" the bartender asked when I ordered. "No, not really," I replied. "Then don't get the mushroom," he said. After all, the place is called "Meat and Potatoes." So I asked for a small order of the fried taters with truffle mayo and the short rib (braised beef, bleu cheese) flatbread.The Belgian-style frites were great, but I ate half of them and used the truffle mayo as a dip for the light, flaky, how-did-they-do-it buttery flatbread crust. The beef was tender and paired well with the cheeses and spicy greens. The pickled red onions were sweet and could have been sliced much thinner. Carmelized may have been a better option. Roasted, diced beets could have also given it a pop of red and and earthy note. Overall delicious. The guys next to me at the bar were drinking the bartender's rum old fashioneds. A fan of brandy old fashioneds, I gave the cocktail a chance after learning the bar didn't have Korbel brandy (nope). Allspice syrup was the key to making this impossibly tiny, impossibly strong, impossibly delicious cocktail taste like Christmas and the solution for world peace. A common spice for braised beef, it paired well with the short rib flatbread. Ask for it. Probably shouldn't go here if you're in a BIG hurry to eat or make the curtain call at one of the area theaters. Even at the bar, service was slow and the place was packed (reservations are pretty key here). But this place lends itself to taking your time, slipping slowly, and enjoying well-crafted food. As casual-hip as it was inspired, I had a great meal. So glad I went.
5	Definitely one of the *elite* pittsburgh restaurants! Went with the family for my graduation and had an epic meal. We shared two orders of the ribeye steak for two. In addition to being an impressive presentation, the meat was juicy and perfectly cooked. I feel like it used to have a nice rosemary flavor so this time felt a little under seasoned but I know lots of people like a "simpler the better" approach to steaks. The Bramble cocktail satisfied the rosemary urge so I was okay. Have also had great brunch there. Can't really go wrong at m&p!
5	Just moved back to Pittsburgh after 8 years, and this was our first big "must go", and it was totally worthy!Great ambiance, great service, and really great food. We had a friend in town from Chicago, and she loved it as well. The devils on horseback were my favorite item, but the bone marrow was excellent (huge portion!), as was the short rib flat bread. The drinks were pricey, but that's the norm for specialty cocktails these days. They were well made and worth it as well. The Bramble and Glenshaw Sour really stood out. Can't wait to add this to our list of "regulars!"
5	Overall, this place rocks! This was our first time. We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful night in Pittsburgh. We could here some of the Buccos game while we were there which was awesome! I had the Three Little Pigs and my girlfriend got the Pork Mac N Cheese and the Fried Pickles. Everything was delicious, especially the sandwich with the dippy egg on top! The only thing I will say is that I wish the hostesses were more accommodating because I originally called to make a reservation and the only time they said they could reserve was 10:15 p.m. So I didn't make it. She did tell me they accept walk ins and I figured we could just go and check it out and when we got there they had a reservation at 8:30 available, so we had to wait an hour to sit down which wasn't bad on a beautiful night. I just wish they would have told us that they offer a full food menu at the bar because it was basically empty when we got there, then we wouldn't have had to wait an hour without a reservation. My advice is call for a reservation and if it's not accommodating to your plans, you can just walk in and make a reservation which seemed to get us in there quicker than calling ahead. But overall everything was awesome! I definitely want to go back and try some other menu items!
1	We went on Saturday June 7 at 11 am.  We asked to sit outside.  The hostess said it would be a 30 minute wait.  We then asked about a seat at the bar.  They said sure.  The bar was empty since they just opened.  We waited ten minutes. We asked about the empty bar seats and they said it would be thirty minutes!  Why didn't they tell us at the beginning?  The 3 hostesses were disorganized and not friendly at all.  We left,  unhappy with the hostess staff.  They do not represent the restauant well at all.
5	This is probably the best place in downtown pittsburgh. Go here for awesome drinks and good food. Not your standard fare
5	Everything here is magically delicious, you really can't go wrong... Plus its super trendy inside, and I dig that.
1	I went back for more because I like torture .... ok it was a birthday thing.  Decided to order a Caesar salad....another bad choice unless you like soggy pork rinds and ranch dressing in your Caesar salad. I was told that I should have read what was in their Caesar salad. If you are not using Caesar dressing and other traditional ingredients then why call it a Caesar salad. It would be like ordering fish and chips, but substituting the fish for tofu and the chips for fried chickpeas. So the salad, Ranch Pork Rind salad I will call it was about as tasty as that sounds. No more of my money shall be tKen by this establishment!1 star stands for the first visit and this one. Would rather go to Olive Garden.
5	My boyfriend and I have come to the conclusion that this is by far our favorite restaurant. We made out reservation about a month in advance.  That was the only way we would ever get a 7 pm table for 2 on a Saturday night.  We got there a little bit early, so we had a drink at the bar.  The cocktail menu is adventurous and yummy.  You can always ask a bartender to surprise you, just give them some favorites of yours.  Once we sat down, we were presented with the menu and an explanation.  We settled on the pulled pork mac and cheese and the mussels.  The mac and cheese was to die for.  The mussels were also great; we chose a tomato based sauce, not our normal white wine sauce.We decided to switch from cocktails to wine for the main course. The wine selection was expansive and the waiter was very knowledgeable.I had the salmon, which was cooked just to my specifications.  I like my fish undercooked, which some restaurants don't seem to like.  He had the hanger steak which was also cooked to perfection.  The sides to both of our entrees were exciting, rare and complemented the meals well.  I forget what we had exactly for dessert, but I think it was some cookie dough type pudding.  We shared this as we were incredibly full, and it was scrumptious. The only complaint I have is the the 2 person tables are a bit close together.  The couch that wraps around the wall (one of the seating for each 2 top), seems as if the springs have gone.  You sit down and sort of sink another 4 inches.  Overall, we are looking forward to our next visit, as this restaurant is amazing!
5	Delicious, fun, and unique!
5	I was here to visit a friend for the day. Couldn't have been happier with the meal. Some of the best food I've had in a restaurant.
4	Always a good time :-) the food is always so good, and not your average, everyday options. Our server was a little flustered and slow, but there were a lot of us and people were coming and going all evening (it was a good bye party for my boss). Regardless, we all had a great time!
5	I came here in March one Sun. morning, after hearing the hype about the brunch.  While I'm always curious to try much-hyped restaurants, I'm always a bit skeptical--I guess this comes from being afraid that I'll be disappointed.  My dining companion, who'd been here several times with other people, had been wanting to come with me, but I was never able to get a reservation (I've heard you have to reserve weeks ahead, which is testament to just how popular brunch is here).  However, he informed me that he'd always sat at the bar, which doesn't require a reservation, so we decided to try for that.  We arrived at about 11am, and, after about a half hour wait, we were seated.I was torn over whether to try the bloody Mary bar, which many other reviewers recommended, or a brunchtail, recommended by my dining companion.  Between wanting to save room for food and the cocktail of the day (I forget exactly what it was, but it had rhubarb, which I love), I opted for the hair of the dog, which turned out to be an excellent choice--indeed, so excellent that when the bartender asked if I wanted another, I assented enthusiastically, which I never do, since I try to be conscious of my alcohol intake.  For my entree, I ordered the chicken and waffles, per reviewer recommendations, even though I was a bit skeptical since I don't really care for jalapeno.  I had never tried this dish before, but I've had it since (in Atlanta, no less), so I have a standard for comparison.  While I always hesitate to use this much-cliched word, it was--epic!  The bourbon maple syrup was sweet, but not overly so, and it complemented the savoriness of the waffle (in which I couldn't taste any jalapeno at all) perfectly.  I took the chicken off of the waffle and poured the syrup directly on it in order to ensure that as much of it covered the waffle as possible, and then replaced the chicken.  The chicken was delightfully crispy on the outside and tender and juicy inside--some of the best fried chicken I've had in PGH.  Since I couldn't hope to eat the whole thing in one sitting (it's huge!), I ate the waffle and half the chicken, and took half the chicken home (it was still great the next day!).   After eating the waffle, I felt so full, there was no need for another meal until 5pm.The atmosphere is great--very trendy and bright, and there's a DJ spinning tunes on Sun. mornings.  The bartenders, who served us, were attentive and helpful.  While I initially doubted I'd come out saying this, I can confidently say that M&P brunch is worth the hype.  Try it--you won't be disappointed!
5	Had dinner here this past Saturday night.  Was wowed from start to finish, was greeted right away and sat for our 8:00PM Reservation.  Had an extremely knowledgeable waitress named Rachel that made fantastic recommendations based on the true preparation of the dishes.  There was too much that we wanted to try on their far from ordinary menu, full of interesting dishes.  We went with the Beef tartar appetizer which was so fantastic, smooth, flavorful and the delicious egg topped it off perfectly.  We also tried the tuna taquitas which were great as well.  The Fried Pickles are a must have, the breading is incredible but they are huge.  For entrees we enjoyed the Moules Frites with White Wine Garlic Broth, which the girlfriend said where some of the best she ever had.  I enjoyed their signature duck dish, this was such fresh meat but what really made it for me was the pastrami edging.  The sauerkraut pierogoies were a nice side of the dish aswell.  Dont miss out on their drinks, this was the best Manhattan cocktail ive ever had!  Also enjoyed a drink called the Perfect Sour, that was a great addition similar to a Pisco Sour.  Will be returning soon with plenty of options to try !
5	Loved this place! The waiters were very friendly, the atmosphere is great for a date night and the food was great! We got the steak and potato dinner for two and the fried pickles. The place is in a good location but it is pretty small so be sure to make a reservation before the day of your visit.
5	Wow.  Am I review 500 for M&P?!  Here goes:Saturday night, the place was packed.  We started with drinks and here's what I know:The Glenshaw was really tasty, but kind of had a hint of Fall with the allspice swirled into the frothy egg white.  Next up:  The Bramble: gin + blackberry + lemon = summer solstice, for sure.  Perfect.The Steak Tartar was amazing.  Large portion highly spiced and a little sweet, topped with a smoked soft boiled egg.  The egg was not for me but the others said YAY!  The Mac and Cheese was ridiculously sinful.  Star of the appetizers was without doubt the Devils on Horseback.  Dates wrapped in bacon with manchego cheese and a nicely seasoned red pepper sauce.There were four of us and our dinners came from all corners of the menu:  Duck for me - generously served and well complemented with a couple of sauerkraut pierogies.  Others had the pot roast, roast pork and pasta - everyone was so very happy.Loved. The. Duck.We positively waddled out of there quacking about our next visit.  Better get the reservation made and soon!
5	Was visiting Pittsburgh from out of town and my friend took me here for brunch. The food was amazing! I got the chicken and waffles and it was delicious- but everyone's food looked great as well. Loved the bloody mary bar- definitely a must. Overall, I really enjoyed brunch here and would return if I lived in the city!
5	Went here last night with a coworker on a business trip and we were both blown away.  Loved the well thought out food, the atmosphere, and the service. Good beer selection for me and my friend liked her wine. We had a delicious mushroom risotto for appetizer. The portion was more than enough and we left some in the bowl only because we didn't want to fill up too much.  I had the lamb burger-medium, as recommended by the chef. The generous serving of hand cut, crispy, shoestring fries were crispy and cooked until they were dark golden brown and served with a side of spicy ketchup, which was also fun. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu. Fun atmosphere too. Although I'm not in Pittsburgh often and I hope to make it back here sometime.
4	Great environment and service. Beer selection was below average, but the rest of the drinks were on point! Bar seating is perfect if you eat alone as I did.I don't think you could order wrong here.
1	walk-in on Saturday, July 5. the hostess said it would be 30 min for an outside table, no biggie. we went to the bar and sat down, bartender walked us through the menu and bloody mary bar, only to tell us that bar seating is for breakfast only and that the hostess would need to seat us here also. seems like a detail you should mention from the beginning. would not recommend this place, hostesses were cold and not helpful.
5	Love everything from the decor to fried pickles to the hanger steak. The only thing I'm sad about is that I'm seven hours from Pittsburgh, but it's worth the trip. Oh, the drinks were amazing too. Not a lot to choose from for beer, but they do have a full bar.
5	This place is literally my favorite place to eat in pittsburgh. My boyfriend and I stumbled across it when at the three rivers art festival last year and decided to give it a shot... So glad we did. Every time we come here, we start off with some appetizers. Their fried taters are small. Cut French fries that come with their house made aioli- which is incredible. Their fried pickles are literally the best in all of the burgh- they come with spicy ranch dressing, again, housemade, and are to die for. I switch up the entrees each time I go- they have different specials each week. Their Waldorf salad is delicious. I've had the three little pigs sandwich which is incredibly large and worth the money. The drinks are amazing. They have tons of unique beers on tap and last time I went I asked the bar tender for a fruity drink- he made me a drink with an egg white in it! Sounds odd but it was awesome.. Where else can you get that?Their deserts are incredible- they have a desert chef who makes the deserts as fresh as they come. Their chocolate mouse is incredible. Meat and potatoes is a must. It's my favorite restaurant and they do everything perfect. Brunch, lunch and dinner- each menu is amazing. I'm obsessed.
5	There are alot of reviews for this delicious restaurant - there are a few things worth knowing ahead of time because they may not quite be your cup of tea...1. They do great mixed drinks but the beer and wine list is subpar, so opt for a cocktail.2. The food is delicious, some of the flavor combinations are unconventional twists on familiar comfort food - go with your instincts on whether it sounds fun or not tasty.3. They are almost always crowded...make a reservation.  The service is great if you have a reservation but I suspect much disappointment if you don't.4. The menu does change but when we've been there's not alot in the way of vegetables on the menu.
4	Fabulous food, great service. The staff was very considerate of the table's tree nut and egg allergy requirements.
5	We ate here on a date night that was totally arranged by my wife.  Despite the fact that I was semi-annoyed we had to drive into town from the 'burbs' during a trifecta of parking-hell (Pirate game, Regatta and "Furry" convention), I couldn't have been more pleased with our meal.  $20 parking was excessive, but to no fault of the restaurant.  Started with a steak tartare appetizer which was the best thing I've eaten in recent memory.  Followed it with the "surf and turf" special that, although a little pricey, was simply wonderful.  Wish we could have saved room for dessert, they all sounded terrific, but will have to wait for our next visit.  If you are expecting a private dining experience, Meat and Potatoes isn't your place.  Tables are very close together...so much so you could eat off of strangers plates. My wife hit a grand slam with this one though, can't wait to go back.
4	Went for brunch and ordered the short rib hash with horseradish hollandaise. Divine! Even better paired with a strawberry basil cocktail. My husband ordered peanut butter pancakes, which were a special that day, not normally on the menu. We will be back if we're ever back in PGH.
4	What a great spot! Long weekend in Pittsburgh, and I was told this was a spot to try, so the group I was with came here for brunch on a Saturday. It wasn't overly crowded, which was nice, they were playing amazing hits from the 90s and the sun was shining through the big windows at the front of the restaurant. Meat and Potatoes doesn't want to come off pretentious, hence the name and they succeeded. Just served great food and great drinks. I had to get the chicken and waffles because they were too good to pass up, and had a rosemary infused vodka cocktail with some champagne! Delicious. Serving size was large and in charge, my friend and I could have split the chicken and waffles easily and all other meals at the table were the same. No complaints! Definitely recommend it for one meal while visiting Pittsburgh.
5	This place is hip and has some great offerings. I've been here a number of times and have to say the pub burger and three little pigs sandwich are my favs - not very health conscious but delicious. Cocktails are a feature - love the vanilla sky. I tried an absinthe based drink once and though well crafted, it was a bit too sweet for my taste. Don't expect to drink beer from a bottle here. Anything not in draft form uniquely comes in a can!
5	Came here for dinner last December right when they opened at 5pm and had to wait an hour for a table, so definitely make a reservation. Luckily, there's a Starbucks down the street to wait at when it's cold and rainy outside, haha! I got the salmon with black rice and it was delicious. There's a lot of interesting things on the menu and a nice selection of drinks. It is crowded and very loud, but the food is worth it. Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
2	I've eaten brunch here twice.  Everytime I say... NEVER AGAIN.  Of course, I somehow get subjected to it again. I gave it 2 stars because the bloody mary bar is pretty damn sweet, but that's mostly because I can mix a mean bloody mary.  It has VERY little to do with this place.I got to foccacia this last time, it was horrible.  My eggs were FULLY cooked and bland.  The brisket on top was completely leather.  The cheese was scarce and burned.  The potatoes were undercooked and cold. So... they messed up my MEAT and my POTATOES?  That's just too rich.
5	I have only been completely satisfied by my experiences here.  Great place.
3	Cocktails are amazing, the food was uneven and less inspired than I had hoped for.  If you're going to go here you might as well get the rib eye for the main course, you can't go wrong with rib eye and the rest of the entree menu ended up being pretty lackluster.
5	Amazing food, great drink options and cool atmosphere. Staff is amazing!
5	Meat and potatoes is always amazing. The appetizers are delicious, the food is on point, and the drinks are mouth watering. It's a must go.
4	Had Sunday brunch here and everything we had was delicious. Short rib hash, French toast, and the chicken and waffles. I enjoied the music , the only probelm we had was the the table was super small. It seemed cramped when eating.
5	We went here on a whim on Saturday at 10:45, and we were told needed a reservation--that's how busy this place gets!  We decided to sit at the bar so we could eat immediately!  Hubby and I started out with the Bloody Mary Bar, which had every imaginable topping under the sun, you could truly make a meal of that!  I had the dill infused vodka, he had the black pepper garlic--both were awesome!!  Hubby ordered the burger, he said it was delicious, but amazingly messy, with the egg and cheese atop of it, and ended up eating it with a fork and knife!!  Our daughter had the grilled cheese and tomato soup...huge and delish!!  I had the  mushroom bruschetta, humongous portion--I could barely eat one, but it was so yummy I couldn't stop! Since we were sitting at the bar, we had the opportunity to interact and hear the bartenders talk about the spirits and food.  All three were absolutely professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. Atmosphere is hip and trendy, food and drinks are very reasonably priced-- we will be back for dinner!
4	I was here just a few weeks ago with my boyfriend and his family for a birthday dinner. We were seated in a semi private room just off of the bar area which brought in a lot of noise. Most people started off with some appetizers, flat breads and poutine to share. Then came the main meals. I got the Soft Shell Crab Club and it was excellent! Cooked to perfection with fries on the side. Others in our group ordered the roast beef which looked amazing. The atmosphere is great and it's right on Penn Avenue which allows for a lot of interesting people watching. Biggest complaint would be the size of the room and the noise, made conversations across the table a bit difficult.
5	When I looked at the menu at Meat & Potatoes, I wanted absolutely everything they had to offer. Seriously, I've never had such an extensive conversation over what to order, how to order it and at which pace everything should come out. It would have been overwhelming if it wasn't so much fun. Meat & Potatoes is regarded as one of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's cool, it's funky, it's got a super-talented chef with an interesting menu full of culinary delights and treasures to choose from. I love that you can go either all small plates and share everything from mussels done one of three ways to a plate of delectably roasted Brussels sprouts with a few pork belly tacos thrown in in for good measure, or sit down to a proper three- or four-course meal with superb wine and service. The menu is flexible and fun, but the food is incredibly complex and refined without being stuffy, pretentious or over your head. It is meat and potatoes, after all. I would highly recommend making a reservation well in advance, coming with a friend or a few, having one of their marvelous cocktails and then ordering a bunch of plates that appeal to you. Then I would do it all again a few nights later so you can have all the things you weren't able to stuff in your face that first night, because like I said, you'll likely want one of everything much like I did. And everything is soooooo goooooood.
4	I chose to have my birthday dinner here with my boyfriend last year . We started out with the cheese board which was a nice selection of cheeses.I ordered the Wagyu flat iron. It was cooked perfectly to my medium temp specifications and the mashed potatoes with the wasabi was a unique touch. My boyfriend ordered the pub burger. He said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had. Unfortunately, he became violently ill the next day and was feeling perfectly fine before he had eaten the pub burger. We have tried to go back since but it has just become too hard to get a reservation. I'd like to return because, since my last visit, my palate has expanded to the adventurous moreso than before and I would like to try some of their more "daring" options.
2	Fun atmosphere and a great beer list. There was a wait when we arrived and we sat at the bar and ordered a Bloody Mary and a snack. The food came before the drinks, no big deal. The Bloodies were watered down Tomatoe Juice $9 each = big deal. We were never offered a table even though we put our name in. Disapointing first visit.
5	Amazing brunch in downtown Pittsburgh.  So much to choose from!!!!  We had the special egg's benedict with smoked turkey, huevos rancheros and fries with truffle mayo.  Great drinks, ambience, service, and huge portions.  This place will want to make you live in Pittsburgh.  Definitely make a reservation.  We had a 11 AM table, and by the time it was 11:30 it was jammed packed.
4	The bone marrow was really delicious - albeit just a tad bit over-salted in my personal opinion but still really good and worth getting! They give you a huge helping and its enough for 2-3 people.In addition, the mussels are amazing. They come in a different variety of sauces and are soaked with flavor and have no 'fishy' taste as I've experienced with other mussels/seafood of this variety.The atmosphere is very classy and refined but still hip and fun to be in. They have late night burger and food specials that are extremely cheap and reasonable despite being a high end resteraunt.
4	Best cocktails in Pittsburgh. The bone marrow, wings and Mac n Cheese are excellent. The only downside is trying to make a reservation between 5 and 10.
1	Do not go here, ever.  Service was rude and offensive.  Arrived 15 minutes early and we told our table wasnt ready and to have a drink at the bar. Okay, I understand that except for the fact there were 5 or 6 empty tables for 2 within eyesight of the bar.  Twenty minutes later went to the desk and, guess what, they took us to one of those empty tables!  Not only that they brought us to one of the postage sized tables jammed between two others.  When I asked for another open table slightly hammed, and open of course, nope that was reserved by somesomeone else. Give me a break.  End of story walked out, git a huge table at Ten Penny ip the street and had great meal.
4	The thing that I really want to talk about when it comes to Meat & Potatos is the seating. If you want a food review you can read one of the many others. I want to say something about the seating. I really don't like sitting really closely to other people. There are many 2 person tables that pretty much line the border of the restaurant. So you are basically eating with the people on your left and right so it makes for a poor experience when you sit next to overly chatty people who want to talk to you and or when you're sitting next to drunk people. Also I don't know what the waiter looked like because he was literally standing directly behind me the entire meal, because I was facing the wall and there is no room to take the order from the side of the table because the waiter's butt would be in the faces of the table next to you. That is a little annoying to me. I wish the seating was better but over all it was a good experience and the food was delicious.
5	Tartar was fantastic. Red snapper was delicate and flavorful - almost a ceviche flavor. Hanger steak was red and juicy. Also had a sidecar here, which was excellent. Seating is a bit cramped, but overall a great experience.
5	One of my best dining experiences in Pittsburgh. Went on a Tuesday night and despite the restaurant being packed due to a play, the hostess was extremely friendly and helpful, finding two seats at the bar for my friend and I.The bartender was an absolute great guy and a true mixologist, once again taking the time to review the menu and drink options despite being swamped. We ordered bone marrow, the pork chop, and duck, all of which were extremely generous in portion and incredible on flavor, the service is top notch, the food is absolutely amazing, and the price is an absolute value all things considered.Will def be going back and tell all my friends about it when they visit the burgh, kudos to everybody there, the only thing that I can see as a possible negative is the booth like seating around the restaurant, that would be annoying to be that close to other people, so I would def choose the bar if I had an option.
4	This place was really good, the perfect ending to a good trip to Pittsburgh. Things I loved: the truffle fries, all my drinks, the pappardelle, the smoked wings. Things we liked: the mac-n-cheese, the marrow (though way too much for two people).It was crowded but the service was pretty good. It's worth a trip to this place if you're in the area.
5	The setting is very nice.The drinks were great and the food is amazing
5	This place rocks! Moved to Pittsburgh 2 months ago, and my girlfriend and I have already eaten here 4 times! Get the mussels! The cocktails are spectacular, the food is outstanding. The service is great too.Make a reservation, tables fill up quickly before/after shows across the street, and the bar is tough to get a seat at.
4	We went here for my fiance's birthday. I called ahead and she asked me if we were there for any special occasion. I told her yes, for a birthday, and asked if they do anything special. The girl on the phone laughed and said no, "you have to pay for dessert". I wasn't looking for free food, but was hoping for a special table, candle, etc. Otherwise, why did she bother to ask?We got there and the waitress offered me a drink (my fiance was parking the car). She read me the draft beers and offered to come back to take a drink order. We were seated at a small, wobbly table for 2. It was so small, that it couldn't fit our entire order on it, and the waitress told us she had to "map out" how to deliver our food, so that it could all fit on the table. Once my fiance was seated, we ordered the curry mussels. They were fantastic. I could almost drink the broth alone without the mussels.They were seasoned with red curry, what tasted like cilantro, and had a little bite to the aftertaste. We then ordered fried pickles (amazing breading, not too thick, and didn't fall off), devils on horseback (dates stuffed with sausage wrapped in bacon with a sweet red pepper sauce. Definitely more sweet than we imagined), and poutine (cheese curd was good on them). My fiance decided on the lamb burger. It was delicious and juicy. It had a good lamb flavor and the bread was fresh and didn't tear. There was some sort of sauce on the burger, which was had good depth of flavor. It came with fries; the fries were fries. Nothing out of this world, but tasty.I decided on the mushroom risotto. It was perfect. Flavors were delicious and the texture was creamy. It was a small plate and I was full, but not so full that I couldn't move, which usually happens when I eat here. It was a good portion size.We weren't impressed with the desserts. We were looking for something light, and all they had was chocolate. The "lightest" thing they had, was some type of orange creamcicle dessert, and neither of us are fans. They change the desserts daily, so I was unable to order what I had last time I was there, and loved. To be honest, it was disappointing that we did not have dessert, given that we were there to celebrate a birthday. It would be nice if they had some type of standard dessert to accommodate several different pallets, that way everyone leaves happy.All in all, it was great food, friendly service, and a good environment. Make sure to call ahead, though. They fill up fast, even during the week.
4	This place is awesome: terrific food and great service. We had the bone marrow, hanger steak, salad, mussels with smoked salmon and the vegetarian pasta. All of it was fabulous, even the vegetarian ravioli, stuffed with fresh peas. It was really refreshing to see what is essentially a steak place offer really thoughtful and tasty light and vegetarian fare. I would have given them 5 stars except for the fact that they have outdoor seating and kept leaving the door open to the outdoor area and flies came into the restaurant and became a bit of a problem. Put up a curtain screen or something if the doors are to be left open.
5	This establishment is amazing. Definitely one of my favorites and go to restaurants. I've celebrated my birthday there for the past 2 years (among other special occasions). The waitstaff, bartenders, and host staff are friendly, courteous, and always on point. The waitstaff and bartenders are very attentive and knowledgable. I have never been disappointed with the food. The menu frequently updates and the food is always prepared perfectly. I recently had a special, the bone in filet, it was so delicious. My photo does not do it justice. The fried pickles are amazing, the bone marrow, the ribeye, pretty much everything on the menu. They always have a great selection of beer as well. Definitely one of the best places around, if you have not been, I suggest you go!
5	Wow!  If you are a committed carnivore, this is the place for you.  We had a party of five on a Saturday night at 9:00 pm.  Place was full.  Ordered for appetizers the kobe corn dog, devil on horseback, fried pickles and fried brussel sprouts (when you have to have vegetables, fry it out. :-)). The fried brussel spouts were really good, and would definitely reorder every time I'm here.  Fried pickles were also tasty, but would have probably preferred a thinner cut. Kobe corn dog was also delicious, but if you are planning to order a large entree (see below) this will fill you up too much.  The Devil on Horseback which is a date stuffed with manchego cheese and wrapped in bacon was also excellent, but the fried brussel sprouts were my favorite   Leaves were nice and crunchy, nicely salted,  awesome.  Now, for the entree, we ordered two  steak for two entrees for the five of us.  That's 34 oz of a tomahawk ribeye, with bone marrow gratin and steak fries.  This place knows how to cook steak, and that is an understatement.  Our steak was a perfect medium rare with a nice outside char.  It was topped with a mushroom sauce with huge pieces of mushrooms. The meat was so tender, you could cut it with a butter knife.  The bone marrow gratin was so rich, but the crunchy breadcrumb topping was a beautiful offset.   And the amazing thing to top it all off, was that dinner was less than $40 per person with wine and drinks.  I come from NY, and that is just not possible in the Big Apple.  You go to a great steakhouse in NY,and plan to spend three times that amount for five people.   We like to visit Pittsburgh because it's a great city with my favorite football team.  Meat & Potatoes is just another reason to take that special trip to the Steel City.  This is an awesome place!
5	Best brunch I've ever had!  Great Bloody Mary bar, food unique and delicious! The best!  Worth the wait!
4	Awesome brunch with a bloody mary bar (the best I've ever seen). Also, great deserts and cocktails.
4	Come hungry!When I travel I always to eat and a new place. Not somewhere I can go to at home. The name drew to this place. I was shocked that a place named "Meat and Potatoes" didn't have meatloaf, but I suffered thru that with an outstanding Pot Roast. I saw the Rib-Eye for two. Well I can't say here what I said there, but it was HUGE. This place is well worth the visit. Try the Kentucky barrel bourbon ale beer, it is out of this world
5	While out in PIT, I checked out this Gastro pub. I have food restrictions and the staff worked with me around my dietary needs. I had the ahi tuna taquitos, salmon, and for dessert.....the Oreo mud pie. The flavors and ingredient combinations were great!  The meal at Meat & Potatoes one of the best that I had in PIT.   The gastro pub itself was tastefully decorated with modern decor and upbeat vibe. I highly recommend it!
3	I am staying at a hotel around the corner from this restaurant and called to see if there was a table for 2; I was told there was one available outside if I came right away.  I arrived 5 minutes later to be told the table was gone and it would be over an hour wait to get another table.  The 3 hostesses were curt and acted like they were guarding a castle.  We sat and ordered at the bar and were entertained by the head bartender named Cecil who could give the hostesses some lessons in diplomacy.  The entire time we sat at the bar and ate (and our food was good), there were 3 unoccupied tables.  I'd go again, but I plan to contact the manager about the cranky "keepers of the gate." They almost ruined the whole experience.
4	So good!  I had one of the brunch specials - the omelet.  They were able to leave off the meat (I'm a vegetarian) with no problem.  It was delicious!  Definitely get the grilled bread - it was amazing!  Comes with fresh jam & goat butter. Perfect post-yoga brunch - only two "problems" : a little pricey (although great for an occasional treat) & we had to make reservations 5 weeks in advance!
5	Great food and atmosphere. I split the 34 oz ribeye, bone marrow and potatoes with my wife and it was amazing. Good quality steak that was a perfect medium rare, medium. Enjoyed a few beers and cocktails as well. This place is ideal for a business dinner, or date night. I hear their brunch is phenomenal as well. I'll be back!
5	I'm not going to rehash what's been stated hear a billion times, this place is solid.But due try to get a Sunday brunch reservation about a month in advance, the brunch menu is unique and unbelievable.  Skip the bloody mary bar and just get something off of the menu.
4	Food and drink at Meat and Potatoes:  AMAZING.Service:  InterestingI say that because I feel like there is a bit too much of an attitude from the hostess and sometimes from the bartenders.  I wanted to stop in for drinks before a show and when the hostess asked if I had a reservation, I said no, we just wanted to stop in for drinks.  She continued to inform me that they were a very popular establishment and it is important to make reservations.  I asked if we could just sit at the bar and was told yes, but that tables were just for those with reservations.  I clearly mentioned that I was going to the bar, there was no need for her to tell me several times that they are popular.  When we got in, the bar was completely empty except for two seats.  Most tables were empty as well, but I do understand that they might be if people were coming in for later reservations.  Service at the bar was friendly and efficient.  They gave recommendations on which drinks to try and also suggested some of their most popular items.  I love steak tar tar and was excited to see it on the menu.  It isn't east to find on a menu and even harder to find a good version.  Theirs is served with an egg on top, aioli drizzled around the sides and peanuts.  The unique additions made one of my favorite dishes even more tasty.  I ate it slowly because I wanted to savor every bite and was actually sad when I took my last forkful.  I can't wait to try this dish from them again.  I also had the poutine.  The price seems steep for an appetizer of french fries, but the portion size is quite large and everything about them was tasty.  For drinks I sampled the Delicious Sour.  It was a perfect blend of the ingredients and I would order it again.On another visit, I had a very different experience at the bar.  I almost felt talked down to by the bar tender once I said I wasn't going to be having any drinks.  Every time they walked over they mentioned how they have such great specialty drinks, they are known for their drinks, etc.  I get that, but there are a lot of reasons a person someone might not want to drink, no need to be pushy.  They also seemed to want to rush me out.  I felt like I wasn't trendy enough to be sitting at the bar and they wanted me out to get someone else in who better fit their image.  Overall, a great place with amazing food.  Just be aware that you might get some snobby treatment and be reminded of how great the restaurant you are in is.
5	Knowledgable staff. Excellent service. Great food. We visited on a Friday night. Great atmosphere. It's hard to decide what to eat as the server does a good job to make everything sound delicious. Worth visiting more than once if you're in town for a short while. That ensures you're able to try more than just a few items on the menu.
5	Impressive...so impressive. Another place that makes me gloat about how cool Pittsburgh is. There was a bit of a mix up with reservations, and the room we'd requested wasn't available. Because of this mistake, though, the manager made sure we were seated, and our party was comped appetizers. Good business! Those apps were divine: mushroom flatbread, tuna tartare tacos, fries...we passed them around again and again, our eyes telling the story of our love for them. I had never eaten dinner here before, so I was really excited, and I ordered the pot roast. It's meat and potatoes, people. I'm not leaving here without some mash! While I was waiting on the dinner, I tried the 25th hour cocktail, a blend of gin and citrus that I would love to recreate at home. M&P is well-known for their creativity behind the bar, and tonight did not disappoint. Now for the meal! OMG. Meat was tender and juicy, and it sat on a bed of the most perfect consistency of mashed potatoes one could ask for. The plate was adorned  with a gravy that brought the whole dish together, and I was in glutton heaven. It was a special occasion, and I hit the gym the next day :)Of course, we didn't stop there. To complete the celebration of the evening, the table ordered each of the three desserts to share: panacotta, Heath bar, and chocolate Oreo. Each of these desserts comes in a mason jar and is packed with deliciousness. Everyone had a different fav. Service was outstanding!Five stars, well-deserved.
5	Great service, pot roast was incredible,  pork belly tacos were great, and the appetizers were great (namely the fried pickles and Brussels sprouts). Wonderful! Will recommend to friends!
5	It lives up to its reputation of being an amazing brunch spot; spent a cool morning there recently, and loved it! I enjoyed their version of a grilled cheese which included an amazing pickled green tomato not to be out shined by stellar bacon! The Bloody Mary bar was a hit but I chose to enjoy a lavender bubbly drink that was delicate but sweet! The only minor suggestion I may make would be for the front of house staff to not so obviously walk through so frequently to check the status of your meal to determine their wait time, it made us feel rushed or judged. However, the food, drinks and waitstaff was on point and I have no complaints! Can't wait to go back!
5	Perfect, bravo!
5	This is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh by far.  The food is great and the drinks are even better. The bartenders are very very nice. It's difficult to get in at times, so make a reservation in advance!!Come on a weekend and get brunch! They have a 5$ Bloody Mary bar and it is so amazing. They infuse their own vodka, gin and tequila for the Bloody Mary bar and you won't be disappointed.Best Bloody Mary in town.
5	Was in town for a football game. Had only an hour to enjoy our last meal in Pittsburgh. Meat and Potatoes delivered! We started out with some drinks (bartenders are very creative) and the bone marrow - delicious! I had the pub burger - the most memorable burger in my life ... to date. It was cooked medium - juicy, flavorful, and the egg on top was creative and added to the overall experience. The fries on the side were, meh, but it didn't matter because the burger was beyond this world! The bun was soft and buttery, made in house. DH had the snapper topped with papaya salad. It was a light yet satisfying dish. We finished dinner with the cinnamon almond panna cotta (it was the special). It was just ok, but I'm sure that had we tried a different dessert, we would have been very pleased. We will definitely visit this place again the next time we're in town.
4	I've gone to Meat & Potatoes twice and ordered the bone marrow appetizer ($18) both times. It is definitely an experience I believe everyone should try. At first, it is really hard to wrap your head around the concept, but once you do it, you realize the buttery steak taste is something you can get no where else. By the second time you order this appetizer, you are desensitized to the idea of eating marrow and it is not as big of a shocker. The menu options range from appetizers, salads, flat breads, burgers, sandwiches, pasta and main courses. I ordered the waldorf salad and it was wonderful! It tasted like a fresh picked mixtures of lettuce, fruit and "green goddess dressing." I also ordered the "Meat & Potatoes for Two" (34 oz ribeye), which I wasn't too impressed with for $59. I would get it again for the experience though, seeing as how it's a 34 oz ribeye to share and isn't too common of a experience at other restaurants I've been to. Although exotic, their drinks are not very tasty. I ordered the "25th hour" drink ($9) which had lavender agave in it, but I didnt taste much lavender. It was a dry tasting, bitter drink. I would be open to trying more drinks though. As far as going for dinner, the place gets cramped (tables/seats are pretty close together) and there are an overwhelming amount of people at the bar. Getting to the bathroom is a challenge when the people at the bar won't move aside for you, which can be irritating, but this would not keep me from going at dinner time! I do recommend this place to someone who is willing to try a fancier, exotic restaurant with a great price for the quality, but if it is a first time, I would recommend lunch time to genuinely experience the food and a calmer environment.
4	Incredibly happening place with a great atmosphere and even better food.  We began our evening at the bar and received incredible service despite how busy it was.  The beer selection was suitable and their take on an Old Fashion with a hint of spice made itself the drink of the night.   We began with a few snacks including the devils on horseback and the wings.  My only qualm was that there were only 3 of the devils on horseback for $7.  Hard to share when you have more than 3 people.  Considering we drank most of our appetizers at the bar, we opted on just ordering entrees at that point.  All were delicious.  My red snapper was outstanding with accoutrements that possibly outshined the fish.  Other entrees such as the Hudson Valley Duck Breast was so reasonable in price considering it was an entire breast with sauerkraut pierogies for only $19.  Our dining partners raved about the hanger steak and the pasta.  The menu is so well versed, there is undoubtedly something for everyone.  The proteins were cooked perfectly but what really impressed me was the originality of the sides that accompanied the proteins.  It's funny, but the name is deceiving...they are by far more than just meat and potatoes.
4	I like this place a lot.  I think reservations are a good idea when heading here in the evening, probably mandatory if you're going on a weekend.  Good food, good service, wheelchair accessible including the bathrooms, although the dining room is more than a little tight!  I definitely recommend reservations if you're in a chair like my husband, although we have had good success just showing up, even if it is a little uncomfortable for the people that need to squeeze by his chair.
4	The drinks here are outstanding and the atmosphere is great.  We tried the duck and the pot roast and both were outstanding.  Definitely a great place for dinner or a drink.
5	Elegantly casual!! Never had an experience like this before. Seating was awkward but the food was unique and memorable. Must try Meat  and Potatoes !
4	good cocktail, good apps, good entrees. solid choice in Pittsburgh.Being from NYC, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, presentation and variety.
5	Best brunch in the area. Interesting selections and who doesn't love a Bloody Mary bar?? The Bloody Mary bar alone had 20 different items to add to your choice of infused vodkas. I had a short rib hash that was bomb! Also have been for happy hour for drinks and appetizers. Didn't know what to think of the bone marrow when we ordered it...I am a convert. Hard to convince my friends to try it, but OMG. It tasted like Sunday after church dinner. True comfort with a sophisticated flair. The Sgts Pepper Old Fashioned was perfect. Tasted the PBR Pimm's cup....get a driver because they go down easily.
4	Extremely well prepared and delicious. Starting with the bone marrow was absolutely devine. It is not the traditional marrow. They service it right out of the bone with various toppings to boot. The marrow tastes like putting a meat flavored butter on an already buttered toast. It almost tastes like pork belly but this one just melts on the bread. Next I moved to the wagu flat iron. The only reason for the 4 and not the 5 is the timing. I was not quite done enjoining the marrow and the meat was getting cold. Apart from that the steak was very tender and delicious. Warning that the carrot salad that comes with the steak is really tasty but spicy so be cautious. I would say it is on the medium side of spiciness but unexpected.
5	I came to Pittsburgh for a business trip and was recommended meats and potato from a local. Oh my gawd, it did not disappoint. The steak for two is huge and leaving the bone on was a great touch! It was cook to perfection! That was my first time eating bone marrow and It was good. The staff was professional, helpful, and always perky. The wine was great. My coworker pick It out and boy it was great! The atmosphere is warm and inviting with alot of meat related decoration. Steak with potato and wine, it just doesn't get better than that. Next time i come back, I will definitely come back again!
4	A great find by my bride. A very unique "hipster" locale, with a prohibition themed menu but with a severe twist. For example, the steak Tartare is a very old school traditional, yet theirs has Thai red peppers & and a seaweed based accent. While it was  good, it I was a bit unexpected. High marks to the brussel sprouts, smoked pork shop and the old fashioned. We would certainly come back in the future.
5	The food and atmosphere is rustic with a warm feel. The staff is helpful and a attentive..worth the wait .. Farm to table concept. Excellent drinks made fresh .. I should have made a reservation. Looking forward to something delicious
3	I came here with my husband for early dinner at 5. We didn't have reservation but the placed was packed, fortunately a nice person gave us her table to sit at the bar.The ambiance is nice and upscale. They had the comfiest chairs to sit at the table!The service was pretty good even when it was super busy.I found the food good but not amazing. They also have big food portion size which I am not a big fan of. Overall it was a nice experience but not exceptional.
5	Loved the food and drinks.  Very unique.  Large portions.  Cook spot before or after a show.
3	Not sure what the hype is all about. Food was served at room temperature and the flavors were ok. We got devil on horseback, lamb burger, and the duck main course. The service was good though.
5	Meat & Potatoes is one of the best examples of what the Pittsburgh food scene is up to! I love this restaurant and would definitely recommend it to anyone. It is constantly topping the charts as one of Pittsburgh's best places to eat and is great for lunch, brunch, cocktails or dinner.  I have been here on multiple occasions (including work-related lunches) and have not been disappointed.  The Meat & Potatoes for Two might be my favorite thing on their dinner menu. It is a beautiful, mouthwatering, bone-in 34 oz Ribeye, cooked to your liking (medium-rare for me) served with bone marrow gratin and steak fries... Amazing! I substituted poutine for the steak fries (for an additional charge). I also think they have one of the best burgers in the city (their lamb burger is my go-to burger in the 'Burgh). Their Monday night late night menu features a nice variety of burgers and snacks to help kick-start your week.  Starting Oct. 6th they will begin POUTINE MONDAYS Nightcap ...  Stay current with seasonal menu pages and check out their website or Facebook page for details.All in all their servers are super friendly and knowledgeable and the bartenders are very skilled and creative.   Not only is the food delicious but I also love the atmosphere- the dim lighting sets the tone for a perfect date night! I recommend pulling up a seat at the bar and letting the bartender take care of you. Their full menu is served at the bar so this is also a great option if you are coming in last minute without a reservation.  I love the food, love what they are up to and will definitely keep coming back for more (hopefully you will too). Enjoy!
5	I've been here multiple times. The first was for a bachelor/ette party. We booked the party room in the back and had excellent service. The menu was limited because we were a private party, but everyone found something they liked. The reason I LOVE this restaurant though is brunch. Sunday brunch is about as good as it gets in my world, and M&P's is the best. The Bloody Mary bar is phenomenal with every possible addition you can think of from standard veggies, to mozz cheese, to horseradish. They also infuse the vodka's themselves. Go to brunch!
5	I love this place for food and service!  Always a great experience and the food is flavorful!  If you don't have a reservation, the wait can be ridiculous, but it is worth it.  you can also walk up to the bar and they serve the full menu there.I like their decor and location.  They also have outside seating.  I feel like it's a speakeasy type place because they serve the types of drinks served at speakesies.  My husband, who is a whiskey drinker, likes their manhattan drink  He says they make it differently here.  I'm not a whiskey person, so I won't be the best judge in that matter.Like in everyone's reviews, the bone marrow appetizer is a must.  It may sound steep to pay $18 for it, but they actually give you a lot of bone marrow.  I've been to places where they serve one bone marrow, but this appetizer can be shared with 4 adults.  I say adults bc we have big appetites. LOL.  You can eat it as an entree bc it is filling, but probably won't be good for you healthwise.  The flavor is amazing with the toast and condiments that come with it, and you can ask for more toast if you want.  Tonight, my husband and I had dinner here before a show at heinz hall.  My husband had the duck dish and I had the pork belly tacos.  The portion here is huge, so I really feel like the price is on point.  My husband really wanted a peanut butter oreo dirt dessert, but I had to be a downer bc I wanted to go to another bar for martinis.  they have yummy desserts here.  I think they rotate but I remember the cheesecake in a jar being delicious.The brunch is also good.  I like the short rib hash and huevos rancheros.  I've had better chicken and waffles in other cities, but this is the only place I know so far in pittsburgh that has chicken and waffles.  What I didn't like was the waffles were tough like it was dry and needed more syrup than what was given.  We had our engagement brunch here a year or so ago.  We were a group of 14, and when I originally made the reservation, they could only give us 2 separate tables.  I ended up saying yes to it bc I really wanted my out of town fam and friends to try this place.  They were so accommodating and ended up giving us the private room in the back.  eventhough it was hidden past the kitchen, that did not bother us at all.  I like how they arranged the tables into a big square, so it was easy to talk to everyone.  At that time, I forgot what everyone got, but everyone was impressed with the quality of food and the decor.  I feel like that says a lot bc our fam and friends came from foodie cities like chicago, nyc, seattle, cali.  In general, I highly recommend this place.  Good place to take an out of towner.
5	This is hands down my favorite go to restaurant for any occasion.  Even just for the hell of it.  I've been here about ten times, I have yet to be disappointed.  By far my favorite item is the Sweet Potato Agnolotti.  I hope it comes back with the fall menu.  I've had it 4 times I've been there.The bone marrow and pate and definitely another go to of mine.  My husband swears by the mussels.Planning another girls night here VERY SOON!
5	Delicious food; great atmosphere and excellent (bonus) whiskey selection. Gem in downtown Pitt. Don't miss if traveling.
4	Great homestyle food. Perfect for fall!
4	We had a great dinner and food lives up to the local hype.  Menu is varied and unique.  Only down side is that my Martini was sub par and no Grey Goose behind the bar.  I'll go back...simply drink beer the next visit.
5	I want to go back again and again and again. Everything was so delicious! It was a flavorful feast! Manhattan, fried Brussels, bone marrow, Hudson Valley Duck, and chocolate mousse dessert. Wow.
5	Visited this spot 4 times over a 2 week visit to Pittsburgh. I've had dinner twice, and brunch twice. Every visit has been consistently tasty. Both dinners were after a show across the street, around 10:30pm. Sat outside with show mates and had a bit of everything-pappardelle pasta with short rib, Brussels sprouts, bone marrow (ridiculously huge portion for what you pay--ask for extra bread with it), fried pickles, the salty flatbread-just a lot of food. Everything was incredibly good, and not over seasoned. Came back on another beautiful night for a repeat of the pasta sitting at the bar-- my best meal of all. Drinks were stellar--including this bourbon/balsamic/basil treat that I repeated both nights. Brunch was also incredible. Chicken and waffles can easily be split--basically a half chicken worth of poultry on a big waffle. Chicken is different from other fried chicken--almost double fried, and tasty enough to eat the skin by itself--really memorable. I've had a lot of gastropub/contemporary american meals on the road this year, and this place, for many reasons, is by far the most memorable of the bunch.
3	It seems like everyone in Pittsburgh is ranting and raving about Meat and Potatoes. I have half a mind to join them. However I feel like M&P is like that girl you pick up at 2 AM when the boozer is letting out. Things look great right then and there but looming back the next morning you are left thinking "Weren't you prettier last night?" This is my morning after wake up call. We will start with the decor.  I like it. It's a cool modern take on the kind of look one gets in a classic pub. While this should lend to a warm inviting atmosphere, M&P is somehow able to make is feel cold and pretentious. Secondly, the tables are crammed in so tight big guys like me can end up feeling very cramped. On that note I would like to apologize to the poor people seated next to me on my last visit. The layout forced my butt in your dinner. Sorry. The service can mirror the feel from time to time. Sometimes I get warm and friendly, other times its cold and unapproachable. Just because you work in a hot downtown location doesn't me you get to be a boor to your guests. The major saving graces to M&P are the food and the cocktails. The food is killer. My go to favorites are the fried chicken livers (trust me) and the signature Meat and Potatoes for Two (I don't share. Fat guy remember?). Steaks always come out hot and perfectly cooked, but rested enough so they don't bleed out all over your plate. The bar is stellar too. They seem to trend toward updates on classic prohibition era cocktail is but they are done well. The drinks are very well balanced and tasty. Too easy to have too many tipples here. To wrap up I like M&P. it's pricey but I the k it is worth it. The major issues I have with the place stems from their pretentiousness. They label themselves a "gastropub" which to me is entirely redundant. The word supposedly means a bar with great food. Ok you just described a "pub". The attitude follows with the decor and the attitude of the workers. It's like meeting this great girl at last call and in the morning you find out she is kinda bitchy. But she's definitely hot enough to call again.
4	Finally got around to eating here, and the food lived up to the hype (at least my food).  I had the baked rigatoni - contained pork shoulder ragu.  This was a huge helping, with more meat than rigatoni! I didn't notice the pancetta in this dish, though listed in the ingredients.  It was fabulous, with a huge portion to take home (should reheat well, too).My lunch partner had the house smoked duck salad. It was a very small portion - the salad was the size of a side salad, with four smallish slices of duck on top. She felt that it was overdressed.  For the price, the size was disappointing.I will echo the other reviews that note that the seating is awkward and close together.  As the Washington Post dining critic, Tom Sietsema often notices, a proprietor should sit in every seat of the house to experience the customer's viewpoint before opening.  We were seated next to two large (tall, broad shouldered men) who had some difficulty and awkwardness in getting into their seats.  I had almost no leg room.  The 2 tops are just awkward.Service was fine, no problems. We were pretty low maintenance. My drink was refilled quickly and our seating and food service were prompt.  I look forward to dining here again, and my husband will be grateful for the leftovers tonight!
4	Lots of locally sourced food in a busy setting. The tables are close together. Service was very good and the cocktails are not to be missed. The pouting was adequate and the pork belly tacos are delightful. Reminded us of Founding Farmers in DC and is about half the price. Great find in Pittsburg.
5	I went to Meat and Potatoes for a friends birthday dinner. We made reservations far in advance, so that was not an issue. However, it is connected to one of the theaters so it is frequently packed with the show crowd. The ambience of the restauarant is really nice, it is a bit dark and small inside but is very cozy. I thought it would be a really good date place. It also has outside seating, but it was cold when we went so we did not have a chance to check that out. As my drink, I got the bourbon smash which has bourbon crushed with mint leaves and berries and oh my god is it delicious. I have tried numerous times to create it myself at home with some bulleit bourbon, mint, berries and simple syrup but I have never been able to recreate it perfectly. We got the bone marrow as an appetizer. I thought the presentation was really nice, the bone itself came out and had small dishes with sea salt, capers, and some other type of spice. It was presented with delicious toasty bread. While I was not a huge fan of the bone marrow itself, it went on the bread like butter and what really made it stand out was the garnishes to put on it.For my entree I got the duck. It was presented in slices, and almost looked like steak. I ordered it medium rare and it was really delicious. My friend had the turducken special, and while I could not stop giggling at the concept/name, it was a really good special too.
4	I was bound to love Meat & Potatoes, due mostly to my unstoppable love of both meat and potatoes. Beyond that, the spot is a great place for drinks, brunch, or dinner. Every time I visit, I am floored by how fairly the place is priced. Sure, you can go with a $50 steak, but there are also reasonably priced delicious burgers, tacos, or a breakfast sandwich at brunch. There's an adventurous element to the menu (I ate fried chicken livers last meal there!) dressed down as comfortable pub fare. One of the most popular menu items is the bone marrow. The decor is hip and fun, but when I go I don't feel like I need to starve myself the next few days to make up for breaking the bank. The place is always packed, don't plan on going there before a show if you don't have a reservation. Actually, just don't plan on going unless you have a reservation--I went on a Monday at 8:30pm and it was still crowded. So why not 5/5 stars? Every time I've visited Meat & Potatoes, I've had some issue at the hostess station. They consistently seat you at least 15 minutes late for reservations, and they tried to seat me outside last November (which would've been perfect had I been trying to catch pneumonia). I wouldn't downgrade if this was a single occurrence, but every time I go, there is some sort of confusion upfront. Midway through my meal, I almost always forget because the food is so delicious.
5	Their brunch is the best I've ever had. The Bloody Mary Bar is everything.
5	Awesome decor. Great food. Good service. Cheese on the cheese plate left something to be desired but the bread and jam was amazing. Fries pickles were delicious and the GIANT ribeye with marrow and fries was so amazing! We are every bite of the 36 oz portion. Great prices too!!
4	Wow...!  I can only comment on the food as we got in without a reservation and we were therefore seated in the back room.  No ambiance at all.Still.  Food was the mission and we did not care much about the decor and the music.  So, the back room was kind of a plus.You can read the menu all you want but your waiter is your best friend.  There was four of us and we all got a smile on our faces at one point or another going through some of the dishes she suggested.I started with the tartare.  When it came in, i realized that this was going to be different.  In a good way. A must...Then i went for the mussels.  It was addictive.  The broth was tomato-bacon ish (can't remember what it was called).The chef is realy creative.  I would be curious to see what would happen if he exchanged or cooked with Martin Picard of Le Pied de Cochon...Wine list ok.Service was friendly but not as attentionate as you would expect given the price tag.
2	I was looking forward to try this place when I came on a business trip to Pittsburgh.I had to get a to-go order because of a conference call I had at my hotel. I ordered a drink while waiting for the order. The drink was really good. I got my food and went to the hotel 4min away from the restaurant. I had ordered bone marrow for an appetizer and hanger steak for a main. The bone marrow app was missing the bread that goes with it! And.. one of the marrows was undercooked :( The hanger steak was ice cold and chewy. On top of that, they did not provide me with utensils! I was very disappointed.
4	Was in town for a business trip and heard from several people to try this restaurant out. Awesome atmosphere and amazing food! Hanger steak was so freakin good! Service was a bit slow but it wouldn't stop me from going again next time I am in Pittsburgh!
5	I came here for my birthday dinner a while back and I was so satisfied with the meal! First the environment and decor is between rustic and modern and it almost felt like it was between divey and trendy/nice without it feeling disgusting. I think the reason why it felt divey was because of the half oval bar in the middle of the restaurant, where it seemed very "college-y" with people hanging around or draping themselves all over it.They have an insanely extensive whiskey menu, which basically won me over at that point! My table shared an order of the fried pickles as an appetizer, and I got the Red Snapper. It's a bit on the lighter side, which is what I wanted, with a lot of veggies, and the fish was cooked so well. Next time, I want to try the Pork Chop. The table next to mine had a few people that ordered it and it was huge... huge. It looked really good.Their seasonal menu also sounded really good and I'm sure it was! We also got 2 desserts, which I believe were also on rotation. One was a pb oreo dirt pot, and the other was a malted chocolate pot de creme... and the pot de creme was to die for. It is definitely one of the best restaurant desserts I've ever had!
1	I sat at the bar to have some dinner. Ordered the hanger steak which was about $26. It was cooked medium rare like i instructed. It was served over some potatoes Brussel sprouts. My disappointment was that it was cold. The cold steak made it crewy and difficult to eat. I took 2 bites and told the waiter that the steak was cold and i was  not happy. He told me well its really cold in here so you kinda have eat it quick... What? I wont come back here. I cant believe i was served a COLD steak
5	So I'm not from Pittsburgh, but ohhh man this restaurant makes me wish I was!  I'd probably eat here every other night.  It's marketed as Pittsburgh's first gastropub, which is apt.  The ambiance and the food are both trendy but with rustic roots that give it a comforting... gastropub-y feel.The hallmark dish of "meat & potatoes for two" is a large and delicious bone-in steak served on a slab cutting board with a side of marrow and confit fries.  Awesome.  My choice was the pastrami wrapped duck breast, which was cooked perfectly.  And it came with a side of greens and sauerkraut pierogies, which I thought was pretty awesome for the $19 price tag.  Also, Richard Deshantz has stolen my heart with the pot de creme.  Dangggg.  Please come to Seattle!PS Be sure to make reservations in advance -- they're needed.
2	The sloppy Joe sandwich was overwhelmingly sauce with little meat flavor. The fish tacos were good. The burger with caramelized onions was cooked perfectly and was excellent. The duck salad was light on the duck and heavy on the salad. The fried pickles were mundane. The chocolate popcorn mousse was light on chocolate was interesting but not to be repeated. Service was good. Prices were high. Atmosphere was fine.
1	The food was brought out HOT, just what you'd expect after almost a half hour waiting to be seated and an additional half hour to get our food,  which we ordered right when we sat down.... and after all that wait,  my food was overcooked (chicken and waffles). If you choose this venue,  definitely make a reservation; however, the water was great and the staff was friendly.
5	An awesome restaurant, especially if you are hungry.  I came here with my boss, who picked up the tab thankfully because it was expensive.  However, I had a wonderful meal; the double cut stuffed pork chops.  We sat outside in October, and since there was a little chill in the air, I was very happy to have the warm blanket for my shoulders.  I couldn't finish my entree, but left very happy and will definitely be back.
2	Was excited about trying this place but the concensus of the 4 people in our party, is that this restaurant was a C (on a grading scale of A-F). Food was just ok. Service was just ok. The music at brunch is too loud and when I asked for hot sauce with my brunch order, I was told to get it myself from the Bloody Mary Bar.
4	Fantastic brunch choice! I had the grilled cheese w soup. It said tomato soup on the menu but it really wasn't. The soup it went w was celery or potato soup w pickles! It tasted wonderful! Cheese is good as always. I will try dinner this weekend! Also the libation choice is rich. I tried the lavender and I LOVED it.
3	Drinks are wonderful....but the food is uneven. When it is good, it is very good...when it isn't....it isn't bad, it just lacks impact.
5	Delicious food, great service and some good wine and drinks on offer. The only snag is that it's too popular, so you need to me a reservation.
5	What a treat.  The food was superb, but we sat at the bar in front of professional bartender, Cecile.  Very entertaining and a master mixologist.  Watch him create one specialty drink after another and sample a few as well.  Very enjoyable...would highly recommend!!!!
5	Not sure we could have had a better dining experience anywhere. We were seated promptly at the time of our reservation and found the decor to be very welcoming and the chairs very comfortable. We started with a drink and ordered some wine, then ordered a couple of appetizers. My wife's "Kobe corn dog" made her day and the curry mussels were the best thing I have eaten in a long time. The portion was huge and I would have gladly eaten the curry broth as a soup!  We got the meat and potatoes for two, which was cooked absolutely perfectly and we ate almost all of the gigantic portion. Although slightly under salted, it was a great presentation and a very nice cut of ribeye. Our dessert, some type of chocolate pot de creme, was delicious as well. The service was fantastic and I felt that, although expensive, the meal was a good value. Can't wait for our next trip!
5	It was our first time in Pittsburgh, so my girlfriend and I had no clue where to go. After parking in the Theater Garage and being stuck in a downpour with no umbrella, we stumbled into Meat and Potatoes, and so glad that we did.At 1030pm, there was still a 20 minute wait so we started with a drink at the bar. The whole establishment feels like a bourbon bar/speakeasy, and is unlike any other place we've ever been. While enjoying a drink at the bar, all three bartenders engaged us in conversation and made us feel right at home. We decided to order just a few small plates and eat at the bar.We started with a short rib flatbread that was very unique and delicious. Next came the Devils on horseback. Being from Baltimore, we are accustomed to oysters, however these were served with dates. They were a little heavy for our taste, but very flavorful. The standout dish was their fried brussel sprouts. They were so crispy and crunchy, but still had their earthy sort of flavor. I would come back just for an order of those. The bartenders were also making gourmet cocktails with ingredients I had never even heard of. The speed well was right in front of us so we got to smell all of the drinks as they were being made. Overall, a very unique atmosphere,great food, great drinks, and an amazing staff. They made us feel right at home and I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	I love the bar here. The bartenders are all amazing, incredibly helpful, friendly, and knowledgable. They can make you amazing drinks, and can give some great recommendations too. It can be pricey for the cocktails, but they are worth it. The craft beer selection is cheap if you're into that, too.The brunch is fab, and the $5 bloody mary bar, including house-infused shots, is one of my favourite things in the universe. Just saying.This place can get hectic, and there can be quite a wait. The food is pricey, but portions are generally pretty generous. The snacks are great and cheap to compliment a night at the bar.Lots of out-of-town businessmen and even celebrities regular here. It is generally a 30+ bar crowd.You're not allowed to sit at a table and just order drinks. It doesn't matter that drinks are mostly $10+ and it doesn't matter that there are lots of open tables. I found that very rude and off-putting when I was refused a table on a Monday night because I didn't want to order food at 11pm.
5	Wait, have I never reviewed M&P? Basically my favorite resto in the great city of Pittsburgh?!?!I LOVE this spot. I always have good experiences and you can't beat the cocktails and Monday night specials!M&P is wonderful for everything. I love their prohibition-style craft cocktails (especially the blood and sand) and everything on the menu is superb, especially the brunch menu. Faves include the Croque-Madame, chicken and waffles, poutine ...My favorite time to go though is on Monday nights, for the late-night menu from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. It's constantly rotating and is a great way to get a good M&P meal on the cheap.
5	TRUFFLE AIOLI FRIES - boom, review done. These are sooooooooooo good. The entrees are, of course, delicious as well and the custom cocktails are wonderfully balanced and mixed, but hot damn, those are some good fries! This is a great place to take a date on a fancy (and expensive) dinner.I keep trying to give it four stars in my head because I feel like I've been too liberal with my stars lately, but nope, I can't do it. As long as you're expecting to spend a lot on really good food, then this is perfect.Endnote: one of the things on there is a GIGANTIC steak that two people can share. It's like the size of the table! It's crazy!
4	Steak for two was really good. Devils on horseback a rare treat. Seating a little close, or cozy if your in the mood. Haha
5	My second time here and it was amazing as usual.  I highly recommend the mussels and the pot roast.  Also, get a reservation or your wait time will be lengthy.
5	bone marrow. get the bone marrow.
2	Was a bit disappointed. Ate at about 7 PM and all the steaks were gone. Seemed strange. Service also seemed to be a second thought. Would not go back.
5	Went here for my bday dinner. It was so fantastic!! We got the pate which is so amazing. Creamy and has the best flavor. Also the Mac and cheese is sooooo good. Creamy and crunchy and has pieces of duck fat. Incredible. I got the duck and it was so good. I lived these crunchy sand the sides it came with. My friend got the pot roast and thought it was very good but mine was better. :) defiantly don't miss this spot!
5	Great food and atmosphere! Accommodated us although we didn't have a reservation! My advice is call ahead if you can!
4	Excellent restaurant!  Reservations are a must, but it is also well worth the wait.  If you do not make reservations, there is a nice area to sit outside of the restaurant.  I've been there for both lunch and dinner (never brunch, but I hear it is awesome). The atmosphere is trendy, yet comfortable.  Food is great, but nothing out of the ordinary - classics with their own twist.  Perfect for a date or dinner with friends.
5	Delicious food- friend pickles are to die for- Awesome bartenders and cocktails Must try their Monday Night Cap! With $5 snacks and awesome drink specials!
5	Excellent food and service. Definitely make a reservation and preferably early to avoid dishes being sold out. I was looking forward to the meat and potatoes for 2 but it was sold out by the time we sat down. Still, the pot roast and hanger steak were amazing. Would definitely recommend if you're not on a budget.
4	The food was delicious. I was a little wary of the fried Brussels sprouts when they were recommended by the bartender, but I was pleasantly surprised.I ordered the Hudson Valley duck breast which was very good. The plate comes with a small salad, the main entree, and pierogies. Each of the items on the plate was excellent. The texture and presentation were fantastic.Overall, I was very impressed. They also had good happy hour beer specials with most beers being $3. I will definitely be going back at some point.
3	Excellent food and service.  However, food was cold to luke warm and served on cold plates.  Need to heat the plates and bring the food to a very high temperature before serving especially when it's 20 degrees outside.  Take a note from the Belgians.  They know how to do it very well.
5	Food was great and super flavorful- only con was that it was a bit on the smaller side.  HOWEVER, that have an amazing spirit selection; pappy van winkle 20 year was the most amazing pour ;)Decor & music is a bit confusing but the excellent service, food, and drinks make up for it
4	Really good atmosphere and lively environment!! Plus the food was also very great and portion size was enough for only one person. Specially the ribs were really good and the sidings with the ribs made it more tasteful! The steak was also good and tasty! Would definitely go here again!
5	The name alone does it for me. I had high expectations and they delivered. My friend set up a brunch on a Saturday at noon and the place was bumping with people. We were promptly seated - there were 5 of us. I didn't even notice the portions other people had at their table, but I was about to be surprised.I got the Lavender drink, which was pink and bubbly with a good combination of sweet/tart. Then I ordered fried taters with a truffle mayonnaise. We all shared those and they were gone in a split second. Super delicious! Someone else got house-made granola and I only tried a spoonful, but the dish was ginormous.For the main dish I ordered chicken and waffles. Before I knew it, what looked like a whole freakin' chicken was in front of me with waffles and a bourbon bacon syrup...which I accidentally spilled all over the table. I was kind of mortified even though the waiter was like "Psh, you're fine!" and got me another side of syrup. Everything was really, really good. I need to go back and eat everything!
4	Not sure what all they hype is about. Average service if that and GOOD food. I would return but not fight for a seat in the place. ***amending due to my lack of insight earlier and being called out for it.... the space is quite nice and trendy.  Good city spot - but there is no manager presence and they are really not focused on great service! Good to be in the theater district i guess!  Took a seat at the bar before a show! good crowd, lots of energy! The menu is innovative, and very tavern-ish in some ways... i.e. great place to get a good drink and eat something! just a good ol steak with a  potato is what i was expecting, sorry I was born and raised in these parts! took the name too literally..it is worth mentioning that burger (which is something i would prefer to make at home!) was good. Salad and flat bread were good. Service is where they took a hit with me; just not very customer focused - i was left to feel that i wasn't a recognizable face in the crowd -one drink in a 80 minute period??? a bartender (all of 23 maybe) was more interested in how he was holding his bar spoon and stirring than actually preparing drinks... let alone the 7 minutes to make one drink while telling a gentleman next to us that he was a master mixologist and blah blah blah blah... maybe if you had a grey hair kid you could pull that shtick off but your knowledge of bourbon and scotch (good job reading) is limited and you need to keep your ego in check!  You haven't been alive long enough to know that much!  Make my drink and ask me if i would like another before my drink is empty and its time to leave!  I guess it was forbiden that one of the 42 other people behind the bar hep us!  please note - he made good drink, but anyone can be taught to measure and stir!WAS that detailed enough team?Food Quality = GOOD (not my style of meat and potatoes) Service = below average for the price pointoverall 3.5 but gave them 4!
4	Still the best deal for 34 oz ribeye!!! We always get it every time we go. The fried pickles and pork belly tacos are good too, but I would save room for the ribeye. It's enough to feed 3.
3	Have been many times. Food is always consistantly good. Always busy. However service always seems to be lacking. Hostess cold when you come in. Bartenders always seem to be catering to the regulars. Would come more often if the service was more consistant.
4	One of my favorites downtown. The cocktails, in whole, are pretty fantastic. Occasionally, you'll wind up with a slightly inconsistent or unorganized bartender but that certainly doesn't speak to their whole staff. Besides waiting a bit to long for a drink from time to time the service has always been on point.The food is impeccable with large portions. Price may detract for some, but it's about where you should expect a gastropub in a Downtown area to be. If you're a foodie it'll fall into your regular rotation. If you're a casual diner, save it for that special night. The service and atmosphere will help set the mood.
4	Best Manhattan I have ever had! No joke!This place is a great spot in downtown Pitt. The location is very well done in a modern gastropub format but in a old location. The service is really great. Max and cheese- so cheesy and delicious- worth trying Had the wagu + lobster & also grilled cheese. Everything was spot on and the flavor was outrageous "! Only complaint is everything was not hot just luke warm. The flavors made up for it by a mile and the presentation was perfect. More than you expect for the price.
4	Very hearty brunch with pretty typical fare done exquisitely.
4	Best bartenders! Not just the talent in the mixology department, but great service - attentive in the extreme, but not intrusive.
5	Great atmosphere, delicious food.
5	The brunch here is amazing and the portions are huge!!!!Went with a large group and we ended up having our own little room which was nice since we aren't a quiet group.The Bloody Mary bar was delicious and a meal in itself.  Pretty cool too that you can choose from different flavored infused alcohols to start with.Definitely make reservations, but Get Your Butt here!!!
5	Spitfirez has the best food around, from their homemade soups, sandwiches, salads and daily specials you can't go wrong. I've tried just about everything on the menu and was never disappointed.  The staff are friendly and service is great.  You got to try them out!
5	I was in town for a week, and ate there three times! I had the roasted chicken, the pot roast, the pappardelle, and the fall salad. I ate at the bar, where the staff was friendly and made good drinks as well. Mention must be made of the hostesses at the front, who went out of their way to be helpful.
2	UPDATED REVIEW: I have to start by saying that my girlfriend and I have eaten here at least twice a month since we moved to the area 5 months ago. And it's usually pretty stellar. Tonight was a major exception. This was our go-to place to bring friends and family when they visit, but we have changed our minds for this Friday, when our family is coming to town. We ordered the new ginger cocktail, which we have had a few times since our favorite Bramble has left the menu. This time, the drink left my mouth burning with straight fresh ginger. After getting an eye roll and a sigh from our server, we were able to exchange them for the Clover Club drink. We then ordered the Kobe Corndog, which is usually a great appetizer. This time, it was cold. Sigh. But the kitchen mistakes don't stop there. I ordered the bone marrow, which arrived RAW. I was then challenged to an argument by a server (Shane?) who told me that 'technically it is cooked through'. The nerve to tell me that my bleeding bone marrow is 'technically cooked'. He was then gracious enough to 'have the chef take a look at it for me' ?!? Are you kidding? I didn't come out to eat to have to argue over my date's shoulder and the loud music over something as simple as putting a bone back in the salamander. My girlfriend and I both work in jobs where customer service is a top priority, and it would be nice to think that we could expect the same when we come out to eat.  To top it all off, our server never once checked in on us, and was so timid she didn't even ask if we needed a dessert menu. We are really dissapointed in our experience this evening, we will not be returning to this place for a while.
2	My boyfriend and I stopped in here on a stopover through Pittsburgh. I did my research beforehand and was super excited to try this place. By the time we made it there from our 4 hour drive I was starving. We were seated right away and the ambiance was really cool. Unfortunately that was the most exciting part of my experience there. The mussels seemed to be very touted on the menu and the specials so I thought I would give it a try. I was a little disappointed as the flavor just wasn't there. My boyfriend ordered the tacos per other reviewers suggestions and they were so overly greasy that even between the two of us (who are big greasy fast food fans) we were only able to eat 2 out of the 3. Albeit I admit that since we went to a place called "meat and potatoes" we probably should have ordered something more red meat related. Maybe we wouldn't have been as disappointed? Who knows...I don't plan on going back to give it a try personally but my recommendation to you if you are planning a trip to meat and potatoes is to stick with the 2 person tomahawk meal and get the full experience....anything else will fall sub par to your expectations.
4	Amazeballs.  Went for dessert (baked chocolate mousse omg) and then again for brunch. Food is heavy but absolutely delicious. We'll definitely be going back next time were in town. Oh, and the staff is awesome!
5	Sunday brunch!!! We've gone here on 4 different occasions for Sunday brunch and each time we have been blown away!! They have a HUGE Bloody Mary bar and helpful bar tenders, actually all the staff is friendly :) the food is off the charts good and the wait has never been long. A must go for a Sunday funday!
4	I've been here many times now, and I'm never let down.  The service is always great, love their beer selection, and the BF has vouched for their cocktails.  I've been trying endlessly to replicate their white truffle risotto - it's to die for!  I definitely prefer their dinner menu to their lunch menu, but I have never been disappointed here.  I came here with my family from Chicago recently, and they seemed to really enjoy it as well.
5	My husband and I went for lunch with our 20 month old daughter.  We did not have a reservation which was not a problem.  They were accommodating with a high chair and very friendly from the start. We ordered the pickle chips (which were good) and fried Brussels (which were fantastic). For the entree my husband had the burger.  It was delicious.  Cooked to perfection and the tomato jam was a tasty touch.  I had the mussels.  They were equally awesome. The coconut and spices were so complimentary.  Also, it was a hefty portion with some crusty bread to soak up the leftover juices.  We're hoping to get back there for date night some other time but it's nice we could try it for lunch since we had our daughter with us.
4	I have been here now twice and everytime I have been impressed with the quality of the food. The service is great and provide appropriate recommendations for the various dishes. I have had the wagyu steak which is possibly the best piece of meat you can ever eat. The bone marrow is an intriguing dish and rich (which the waiter kindly informed me about), but it was so delicious. The atmosphere is perfect for a date or going out with friends to the bar.
4	Meat and Potatoes is an around excellent restaurant. Food, wine, drinks are all great. Make a reservation in advance, very busy on the weekends. The service staff is well trained and very professional. The interior design of the restaurant is also very clean and inviting. Worth a trip for sure.
5	Meat and Potatoes is good for brunch, lunch, dinner, and late night drinks. I enjoy the atmosphere and location. The brunch has an enticing blood mary bar and the most fabulous short rib hash. For dinner, the appetizer menu is among my favorite in the city. The crafted cocktails are always unique and never disappoint. The staff is always willing to take the time to answer, "What is this?," a question I rarely have the courage to ask.
4	Of the usual suspects of farm to fork, I'd say this one has an edge over the rest. The menu is expansive enough to be amenable to most tastes and its hard to go wrong with anything really except one coworker did not like a strange pasta dish. The pork chop is the most amazing thing ever. It is so large and so flavorful. The appetizers are also great starters and the atmosphere is buzzing.
4	I had the best pot roast of my life last night at Meat and Potatoes!! Oh my gosh I can't stop thinking about it. I love this place.
4	Amazeballs. Went for dessert (baked chocolate mousse omg) and then again for brunch. Food is heavy but absolutely delicious. We'll definitely be going back next time were in town. Oh, and the staff is awesome!
4	I'd give M&P a 3.5 if I could, but I'll round up.The atmosphere here is great, and we've always had good service. Don't expect to get a table / bar seat most nights (or even a last minute reservation) unless you're lucky, so a visit here can require planning. From a food perspective, we've had mixed experiences. On a brunch visit with a large group, most were satisfied, but my grandpa's fried chicken was burned (the exterior even looked overly browned) and my huevos rancheros weren't very flavorful. We've been here many times for dinner and have had a large chunk of the menu, and again had some hits and misses: fried pickles, duck pate, short rib flatbread, mac 'n cheese, and all chocolate desserts (that dirt pudding!) were great, while the fried chicken livers (cut way too large and the breading fell off) and duck breast (not very flavorful, overcooked) just didn't do it for us. Beer and cocktail list is just de rigeur.
5	One of my favorite dinner spots downtown with dishes that are a bit pricey (for the Pittsburgh market) but well-executed. Never really have been let down with food options here plus they have a reasonable selection of beers. Always busy so make sure to make a reservation beforehand! I haven't had the brunch here so all my comments are for dinner but I will say I've heard good things about the brunch. It's on my to do list...On a side note, Monday nights after 10 PM they have industry night for the folks who are in the restaurant industry. They offer $8 bites and drink specials- definitely worth checking out if you're out late on a Monday. Food:I've eaten a number of dishes here and quite frankly have never been disappointed. It is, in true Pittsburgh fashion, rather decadent so don't go if you're on a diet. My favorites:Snacks/Apps- fried taters with black truffle mayo (the mayo really sells it in my opinion), Mac n cheese (a generous serving of mixed in chorizo packs in a nice punch of flavor; eat and expect an impending nap), fried brussels (my favorite but again, not the healthy kind your mom made you eat as a kid)Entrees- lamb burger (just all-in-all well executed burger), pork chop Also if you're there for industry night on Monday, I believe the menu may rotate each time but if poutines are on the menu (see picture) go for Asian Persuasion and Southern Pride. Three poutine dishes was more than plenty for 4 of us following an appetizer or two. Drinks:Had a mixed experience with cocktails here. Not all that impressed with them so if you're on the fence about a cocktail or draft beer, I'd steer towards the latter. They seem to always have a few interesting ones on tap. If you're looking for a place for a quick drink with friends downtown and are willing to stand at the bar, it's a worthwhile stop. Ambience:Matches the food- lots of wood, warm and dimly lit. As I alluded to before, it's a nice way to prep you for the food coma to come. The place seems busy often do not a quiet romantic date spot but certainly trendy and interesting enough for a date or with a few friends. Large groups would probably be difficult to seat here- haven't tried before. Service:Generally good although can be a bit slower when things are busy. Never had issues so far.
4	Amazeballs. Went for dessert (baked chocolate mousse omg) and then again for brunch. Food is heavy but absolutely delicious. We'll definitely be going back next time were in town. Oh, and the staff is awesome!
