1	F'cking Sux!!!! If there is score -10, this place will be on top of the list! Not a restaurant, not a bar, definitely not a Night  Club!!! Took them 20min to tell us 80% of the martini they don't know how to make over their own martini menu....This is their opening NIGHT!!! Then... Finally 1 bartender made one of their "signature" drinks - "Pear of Asia", but tasted like puke... then I asked for change it  to Markers on the Rock, she gave me an attitude said: "I don't know what you want and like!!!???" WTF....!? What shame for so Called "Hollywood Scene", being said that. I've been lived in LA for 26 years... never seen any place like this!!!
3	Food is good. If you like middle eastern fusion cuisine, this place is worth checking out. They also have a full bar, as well as hookahs available. I have tried their goat, as well as the foie gras. I have also tried their desserts (the roasted creme brulee and the dry freeze popcorn), which I enjoyed. Service could be better! And I believe that to be a pretty generous comment. Although I do know some of the investors, I have voiced I do like the venue, but the service is just terrible. The bartenders just act incredibly inexperienced. They are very very slow and inefficient. Also, runners were terrible. I felt very sorry for our server since there was no one helping him with clearing the table, or bringing the food out. The food was good, but it was horrible that so many people had to wait for theirs since it was coming in all scattered. In fact... my boyfriend and I were done eating, and walked around for a bit... and two of our friends (AT THE SAME TABLE) were still waiting for their food to come outI will say that in their defense, this has been two soft openings. Soft openings are meant to see the problems, and fix it before the grand openings. So my recommendation for now is...1. Get better bartenders (generally the women): I think I only ordered from one (out of six) that actually looked like she knew what she was doing. The rest act lazy and are not efficient in making drinks quickly (i.e. making two drinks at a time). This is not only my recommendation, but friends that I have invited to check out the venue and give some feedback as well. 2. Get on those runners and busers! Our table was really dirty the whole time we were there... and it was the server who had to clean it up. That isnt the servers job.
5	My very favoite place in town square. Drank Strawberry Fields, amazing. Ate perogies and Carmel mousse, delightful. Had 4 of the 6 bartenders wait on us. Wonderful service. Never had to wait for even water or a dirty dish to be cleared. It was a great experience. Especially since we were there thru a busy Friday night dinner time and still had great service. Def  going back frequently. Try it, you'll be impressed.
4	Thinking that Nu Lounge was just another trendy fancy schmancy lounge with mediocre food, I was actually pleasantly surprised by all the different flavors and textures of all the food.  Our group ended up doing family style with all different kinds of appetizers and it worked out well.1.  Tomato and Basil Pizza - Crust was chewy and had some nice char taste to it.  Nice flavor of the sauce.2.  Pierogi - Potato filled and topped with American caviar and chive creme fraiche.  This I would say did not have much flavor at all, even with the fancy caviar.3.  Panchetta, crushed tomato, egg, basil pizza - I absolutely loved this pizza because I'm a big fan of yolky egg!  The crispy panchetta was also fantastic because who is not a fan of a relative a bacon!?4.  Beef carpaccio - Thinly shaved file mignon, avocado, fried egg, red onion, black truffle and Parmesan.  I love the mixture of flavors and textures with this - tangy, meaty, crunchy (veggie).  Very tasty.5.  Fried Chicken Wings with Thai Flavor - These had a nice coconut curry flavor and so fun to eat!  As my friend put it, it was a chicken wing lollipop!6.  Wild mushroom, baby spinach, fresh ricotta, and white truffle - I was a little disappointed with this pizza.  With the strong smell of truffle coming off of it, I was expecting a flavor explosion, but it ended up being just mildly sweet with no other flavors.7.  Tuna tartare "tableside" - Spicy crab and citrus salad, Greek yogurt and zaakar cracker - This was definitely tuna tartare that I've never had before.  It had a combination of smoky, tangy and spicy flavors with the yummy crunch of the veggies and cracker.  mmmmm bueno!Conclusion:  It's a great new hangout (hookah option outside), and I think I preferred the more casual outside seating to the more trendy looking inside.  The food was unexpectedly good fusion food.  Yummerific.  3.5/5 Stars
1	Words cannot aptly describe the absolute atrocity of my visit to Nu. If I was a prodigious writer like Joyce or Hemingway perhaps I could properly flesh out the horror that was inflicted upon us, but alas I am just a lowly commenter who must do her best. If you take anything for the following account let it be this, do not cross the threshold of this establishment for any reason, less you too be saddled with your own tale of woe. My sister and I arrived on a Saturday evening around 10:20 and were seated immediately. The indoor area is halved, with the bar taking up one half, and the dining area the other.  Essentially, it is just a big room with a fancy LED tree sculpture in the center and tables set up.  For some reason, despite the small space, there were at least 15 servers/hostesses, 5 managers, 10 bus boys and 5-10 men in nice dress shirts that walked through the dining area every ten minutes or so and then left out the front door. I have no idea what their purpose was. Yet, with all of this staff, it took us 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get two glasses of water. Two of the "managers" spent the majority of their time making out with their girlfriends at the bar. Our server managed to completely disappear even though, due to the lack of partitions, I could see from one end of the restaurant to the other. Our hookah came relatively quickly, but our cocktails took, without exaggeration, 25 minutes to get to our table. During this time we were treated to an endless train of employees moving tables and chairs out of the dining room and through the front door and then changing their mind and moving them back into the dining room, and then moving them again. I wish I were joking about this. Twice the DJ miss-fed the sound system and feedback filled the room causing universal aural discomfort . After we finished our drinks we waited another 10 minutes for a check. Finally we flagged down the Lothario manager who graciously pulled his tongue from his girlfriend's throat long enough to scowl at us and mumble something about finding the server. 10 more minutes pass after which a check arrived and we made the server stand there and wait while we got out our cash. At this point I was pissed, but not nuclear, because I was a little buzzed and it was a Saturday night. However, after waiting five minutes for our change the server returned to the table to advise us that because there are so few bartenders it will be  another TWENTY minutes before she can get our change to us. What choice did we have but to wait?  It was the single most appalling act I have ever experienced while dining. I left vowing to not only never return but to warn every single person I could. If you have the choice between a hot poker in the eye ball or a dinner at Nu, please, I beseech you, take the hot poker.
2	Wow.  Going a 2nd time a few weeks after the opening.  Talk about loss of credibility fo' shizzle!  The service really sucked big time.  Waited approx 15 minutes unti we could even wave someone down to order drinks.
2	I would have to agree with a lot of the reviews about the service. Really sub standard. Our server was actually very cocky. Really close to annoying and rude.The Food. Pierogis - OK had some caviar on it. Flatbread pizza (with Truffle Oil) - decent -thin crust -had a great crustScallops - It was borderline BAD!! Chicken wings (Thai curry) - The best dish of the night - chicken wings lollipop style covered in curry Thai sauce. Very flavorfulTuna Tartare-OK Chocolate Ravioli - Horrible Toffe cake with ice cream - Recommended to us  - i did not think it was that good. We did have a great bottle of Pinot  Noir. !!!Hookah- OK Close to three stars but the service was just not up to PAR. I doubt if I would be back..
1	I agree whole heartedly with previous posts... This place has been a total let down. Being a fan of hookah and late night dining, I really, really wanted to like Nu Sanctuary Lounge... but after 4 attempts, I have to say I'm DONE. The first night, we enjoyed the drinks and hookah but the server just a little rude and innatentive, nothing to keep us away. The second visit, the patio was full so we took a table inside. No big deal until after we received our drinks and were told we could not smoke inside for another hour... we waited 30 minutes for an outside table. Third visit for my sister's 21st b-day, we were sat at a table in the back with no acknowledgement for 20 minutes. The entire night if we wanted service, we waved our arms in the air until someone decided to stop taking shots behind the bar with the rest of the staff and serve us. In addition, the hookah was harsh, tasted bad, and the "hookah girl" refused to refresh it. Tonight was the last straw. We came in asking for a table on the patio. We expected a wait but to our suprise we were sat immediately. Three minutes after being sat, looking at the menu, we were told the table was reserved and we had to get up! Words cannot express how appaled I was!!! This was the las t chance. I was so excited for Nu Sanctuary Lounge to open but sad to say we will definitely not be returning and will advise everyone not to pour your hard-earned money into an establishment that does NOT appreciate your business!!! Everything I have experienced boils down to this- and you can tell immediately- VERY poorly managed. Someone had a great idea but completely failed at running their business.
3	Was in the area (Blue Martini) for one of our chef's going back to France farewell party, and some of us including the pretty wasted French chef stopped by here for an afterparty.  I am not sure if it was the day of the week we were here or if it is still during the "pre-opening", but we didn't have to wait in any line and came right in.  There were a few other customers already in here scattered about.  And we were escorted to the corner lounge, which has these soft comfy and wide seats.Our waitress (can't recall her name) was super nice.  She came by and took our hoohak and beverage orders.  And returned shortly with the drinks.  I was just there to hang out, thinking we were going to Spring Mountain to get some late night pho afterwards (which didn't happened - so I caulked it up to miscommunication with a bunch of drunk coworkers), and our waitress didn't hassle me about it, which was cool.  BUT she did tease me a little about not trying the hookah, which I didn't partake in either (smoking is smoking to me, and I don't smoke). While I was there waiting... I checked out the decor of the lounge, and thought it was nice.  Had a Garden of Eden type theme to it, with the tree thing going.  The waitresses were wearing this black skintight outfit, which I thought was okay.  But there was this Asian waitress that was sitting at the bar smoking hookah, which I was checking out, for lack of other eye candy to keep me entertained between bouts of micro power napping. I think she is cute.  The menu looks interesting, but we didn't order anything (so the food is not part of the review).Our waitress was super nice like I mentioned before, and she kept coming by asking us if we needed anything else, chatting with us, etc.  I think she just simply like our wasted French chef, but gave my hoomie her number too.There was also a bartender that was doing his bar flair tricks.  He was doing a decent job, dropped the bottle a few times while I was paying attention.  But we all get better with practice.  Plus not too many customers to make drinks for at the time, so I am sure he was bored and needed something to keep himself entertained.My coworkers all enjoyed the time we were there and have gone back several times.  So based on that and my observations, I am giving it a 3 stars.I think it is a cool alternative to the other clubs in the Town Square complex.
5	I'm fairly new to Vegas I moved here for work 6 months ago. I'm a Chef who really appreciates a good meal when out. I've been trying to find a good (non strip restaurant) since we arrived in Vegas. I've been shocked at how difficult its been. Well I finally found something that I can recommend. Nu Sanctuary in Town Square. I read a few articles on line that led me here, and the interior always caught my eye on the way to Rave motion pictures. I have to say I'm really surprised by some of the negative feedback here on Yelp. We a had a really wonder full dining experience at Nu. The service wasn't perfect, But they really made an effort to make us feel welcome. Our server made a nice wine by the bottle suggestion and answered any questions we had about the menu with confidence. The oysters three ways was very refreshing and a great way to start the meal. "Steak and Eggs" carpaccio was above and beyond what I had hoped for very large portion especially for Vegas. The crispy panko fried eggs were lovely contrast of texture with the melt in your mouth tender fillet, the creamy avocado, black truffle and Parmesan. My wife is a sucker for creme brulee so she tried the rose scented brulee with pistachio cookies, I think she liked it because she had this look on her face as if she were ready for the after life. I had the "nitro corn" which was really good home made caramel corn frozen with liquid nitrogen. They served it in a covered ceramic pot, when you remove the lid you notice the freezing cold smoke right away and then you take a bite, it breaks up like the most fragile peanut brittle you have ever had. It was really fun to eat very interactive. All in all I cant wait to go back and try more of Chef Howards creative food.
4	After reading all the negative reviews, I am beginning to wonder if my good experience was completely abnormal.Whether that is the case or not, I actually had a very good time here. We went somewhat early (around 5pm) and were seated promptly. Our server was very friendly and helpful, gave good recommendations and was knowledgeable about  the menu. Our drinks were fantastic, I especially enjoyed the "Shiva", it was delicious! The one bad spot was that they were in the process of changing the drinks menu, and so didn't have some of the ingredients for the drinks they had listed. However, they offered a substitute that was very enjoyable. I was a little nervous about it being a "Hookah Lounge", since I can't stand the smell of smoke, but thankfully, all the hookah is kept outside until after 11, allowing us to enjoy our meal and drinks in relatively clean air.The only other complaint I have is the chairs. Kinda uncomfortable and a bit unwieldy to sit in. We will definitely be back, and I hope our experience lives up to the first time!
3	My experience here was good. I'm glad I went and checked it out prior to reading the reviews or I wouldn't have gone. The service was great and the food was pretty good. I can't complain other than it's odd decor inside. I appreciate the whole forest theme but it did feel a little cold. I'm told they are renovating the inside really soon to be a bit more comfy. But hey, I look for good service and food over stellar decor. I'd go back and have a drink at the bar or to have some of that mac n' cheese. yummy!
3	I hosted a birthday party for my friend here. The staff was very effiicent and nice when getting all of the details ready for the party. The food was great... No one had any complaints - the hookahs ran out a bit quick but they had  a "hookah" man that came around and relit them. I recommend sitting outside with the misters. The food is a bit pricey...but not extremely expensive. -- I would go again.
3	Got my opportunity to check in over at Nu Sanctuary Lounge and preview the place for my upcoming birthday party next week.... All I can say is "this place has potential".  NU stands for "naked" in French and the lounge is representative of the beauty of the naked life and afterlife.  It showcases good and evil with a large tree inside representing the tree of life.  Anyone with art taste that is a fan of Dali will love this lounge.  The fare is a fusion style from various places around the globe.  I'm a huge fan of the founders previous location (Almaza) and remember when he told me that his dream was to find a way to bring hookah to the heart of Las Vegas; now with Town Square NU Lounge may just do that.  With it's fantastic location inside TS and the plethora of menu items I find NU Sanctuary to be absolutely amazing.  I cannot wait to write my birthday review, but from what I saw last night, I may be throwing up a five-star.
3	The place looks really cool, the food is pretty good but they did make a few mistakes on the orders. We where a big group and they where capable to accommodate which was nice but the music is a little too loud. It is a resto/lounge but they still should lower the sound just a notch. We couldn't hear each others.  I have been there twice so far with different group of people and all agree on that!  Overall not a bad spot to hang out. I will give it 4 stars if one day I can hear in there.
5	My birthday review!!!!!Last night was a lot of fun @ Nu Sanctuary Lounge.  I had several concerns throughout the week leading up to last night, but was put at ease as soon as I walked in and talked with my hostess.  She was sweet and on-top of my entire reservation so that all I had to do was enjoy my birthday.To go over a few points:- The food on the late-night menu is fantastic (flat bread pizza, edemame)- The bar staff is great and former co-workers that know how to make some great specialty drinks- Having two servers is always better than one and greatly appreciated in a lounge setting.- The Hookahs are a little on the expensive side, but the flavor is outstanding! Try the Serpent, especially if your a fan of Jager/Absinthe  Everyone was phenomenal and helped make my birthday one to remember;I will definitely be back soon to my NEW Nu Sanctuary.
2	After wanting to check this place out for a while now, I was not impressed. I went here with my boyfriend on a Sunday night. We went with the intentions of only smoking hookah. When we walked in, we were informed that for hookah there is a $50 minimum per 2 people. I instantly wanted to leave, but decided to stay since we were already there.Hookah was ridiculously overpriced ($30 per hookah; $15 per refill). Then to fulfill the $50 minimum, we ordered the hummus and two iced teas. The hummus was decent, nothing over the top. The iced teas had a weird odor to it, I think it might have been the ice.The hookah was the only good thing, which for $30 I would expect it to be. We got the limboberry lemonade. I was satisfied with it.The service was decent. Our waiter was good but nothing special. When we needed new coals for the hookah, no one was to be found and we actually had to ask our waiter for more.Overall, I wouldn't go to this place regularly.
2	Now I have been to Town Square many of times. Attending Blue Martini(BM) and Cadillac Ranch mostly. I never leave there not thinking I won't be back. Well I left NU Sanctuary feeling like I would never be back, but decided to just call management in the morning and see if they could take away the bad feeling I had upon leaving.The night started well. On NU website the hookah is $20($10 for refills),  I thought it was a great discount compared to BM so I decided to hit this new place with my husband. We came in and weren't greeted but decided to just go to the patio area and have a seat. Once seated we were promptly greeted by a waitress who brought us the menu and also made great suggestions. At first glance of the menu I noticed that the hookah was priced at $30($15 for refills). Well I said we were already here and really wanted to do hookah so we decided to stay. Also on the menu it states that you have to spend up to $50 if only 2 guest. I have never seen that before on a menu in my life but I figured with the hookah $30 and the drink $24(NU Confessional, which was great) we would be spending the $50 minimum. We were promptly brought our drinks and also the hookah. When we did get the hookah it was just dropped off. He didn't ask if we knew how to use it or even tried it to make sure it worked(like most hookah place do). I do agree with other reviews the hookah did burn very quickly but my husband and I were having a great time we decided to get a refill. The second refill was better because we had a Hookah guy who keep coming and changing the coals and making sure it worked properly. At about 2am we asked the server for our bill and this is where the great night turned bad. I was given a bill with the 20% gratuity already placed on the bill. Now last I checked that's not done for parties of 2! Also I know you are suppose to tip your waitress and waiters but who gets to tell me(in a recession none the less) how much I am suppose to tip my server. I wasn't told that this would be protocol and the waitress said that it's automatically charged when you order hookah and sit at a table. I thought to myself are we suppose to stand up with the hookah?  What if I came in only with the cash to pay for my hookah and drink, then what?! I am not saying this to be cheap but people please we are in a recession and my hard earned money should go towards something I want to happen not something a business thinks should be put on at the end of the bill because they want to. I paid the bill and called NU(next day). Not only were your prices on the website different then when I got in but also nothing on the menu states parties of 2 would have to pay 20% gratuity! Well again this is where it went from bad to worst. I got the managers name off of the website and called the lounge. The manager happen to pick up and I explained to him what had happen. I explained I had a good time in the lounge and that everything was nice. I said I didn't complain when the prices for the hookah were different then the site but with the 20% gratuity for a party of 2 was just a little two much. He did first apologize for me not getting the correct information but then went into telling me how Vegas nightlife is suppose to be paid. Maybe he's not aware of Vegas night life but I have never been out with my husband (and we go out at least 4 times a month) and had to pay gratuity for just us two. We do tip well but 20% was steep for the 2 of us. I explained that we weren't told about this and he over talked me and basically in my opinion didn't want to fix the problem. See I have been in customer service for over 15 years and the way he treated me over the phone shows why all the bad reviews are here. After feeling like I was about to get into a arguing match with him over the phone I asked if there was anyone higher up then him because I felt he wasn't taking my feeling into consideration. Your business advertises on the website a totally different price then what you have on the menu and I feel like it's misleading. Also your servers don't let the customers know of the 20% gratuity. That to me is not good business and I understand that it's a new business and you're just getting your feet wet but why should your customers have to pay for it! When I did ask for someone over him he said that he was the manager and that was it! I said I see there's a director here as well. He said he didn't know what a director could do for me that he couldn't do and I said return my money. The 20% gratuity and the $10 more I had to pay for the hookah. If I was getting bad customer service I wanted to be compensated for it! He did say he would return my gratuity after trying to make me feel bad for taking it from the server. I explain to him that I didn't feel bad because she worked for a company that didn't practice good customer service and thing weren't explained to me. NU is not a club it's just a lounge. Clubs charge 20% but not Lounges!
3	We went late, and sat on the patio.  Nice setting but with the misters pointed down instead out to the passers by.  It was a very limited menu, passed on beer and order a cocktail instead.  The Dilli Lama, nice mix of vodka and agave nectar, with cucumber & dill garnish, refershing but small.  Ordered the yellowfin tuna & watermelon bites, gorgeous presentation but very small for the price.  Tasted two of the flat breads, both good and big, the tuna tartare begged for some acid.  Followed up with Nectar of the Gods cocktail, very one note, desperately needed some citrus.Waiter was very nice and helpful, brought out house made dog biscuits for one of our parties dog, who was with us.
3	After going to The Grape for a fantastic happy hour, we decided to head over to Nu.  We got there around 7:45pm and the place was dead.  There are barely anyone in the place, which REALLY suprised us.  We took a seat at the bar and the bartender was really helpful.  We each ordered a drink (I had the shiva... good, but not worth $12) and our friend ordered the Nu Confessional.  This thing comes out in a HUGE glass (like 2-3 people should drink this) and it doesn't taste too bad.  We hung out there for a while.Not a bad setting to just chill.  More people started coming in and around 9pm, they started setting up for the night crowd.  Different mixing drinks, new bartenders, etc.I would probably head back to try the hookah and go there during happy hour since all of their drinks are half off!
1	Going to Nu Sanctuary was like going on a bad first date, you know where it's headed pretty quickly which in this case was a trainwreck as someone else put it best. The drinks, which were not that great, were on the same pricing scale as the Wynn but without the frills and ambiance of a world-class resort. The food looked atrocious so we just had a drink and left. Their concept of a hybrid nightclub/hookah lounge with fine dining doesn't work anywhere especially at a shopping center amid all of the other dining/entertainment options Las Vegas has to offer. Avoid this place at all costs. Probably by the time you finish reading this review the space Nu Sanctuary is occupying will be vacant.
3	I wanted to like this place. It's decorated nicely and from the outside is pretty neat looking. We waited for some friends in front of Rave, the theaters and saw some people eating cotton candy at Nu Sanctuary. I decided this is where HAD to go. I'm a sucker for cotton candy. So when our friends finally got there it was like 11PM on a friday night. The place was about half full. It filled up as we sat there, and was pretty full by the time we left. We sat on the patio, it was a little hot still but was fine-I don't remember any misters as another yelper mentioned?? There was five of us, and they sat us with one menu... so it took us awhile to order. We just stopped in for drinks and cotton candy so skipped on the food. CC isn't on the menu so you have to ask for it. We ordered two beers, a cocktail, and the CC. Bill came out to $32. Cocktail was $12 , beers were $7 and CC was $6. We ordered/drank in about 45 min. but for some reason after the bill came out it took almost an hour for our server to come get it and finish off the check. No idea what the delay was. We passed the time people watching, which was fine, we were patient about it but it was a little odd that it took so long. On a side note, the guy who was working the door was really nice when I asked him a couple of questions about the hookah. Sometimes the guys who work the doors at lounges like these can be kind of douchey but he wasn't at all.Like I said, I wanted to like this place, but for whatever reason, it just rubbed me the wrong way. I may return, not sure.
3	came here with friends on a weekend because some guy was handing out 2 for 1 cocktails outside, so we decided to check it out..we walked in to a nicely decorated joint with a huge fake tree in it and pretty lighting.  there was no one at the door so i walked up to a gentleman who was more than happy to help me out.[i guess the hostess was seating ppl at the time.]the first thing i noticed about this place is that your not overwhelmed with hookah smoke.. ventilation was awesome, so that was a plus.we came to hookah, at first preferably outside [but it was just soo hot] so we took a table inside.  we were served immediately with water, the waiter took our order for drinks and our hookah and as soon as we got everything it was a good time!we didn't know what to order, so we just said we wanted something that wasn't strong and heavy tasting.  preferably something fruity.  so he made a suggestion and it was right on.[ disclaimer ] no review on the hookah, don't know anything about hookah? or hookah quality..1 star:  for not being sooo packed.  it's really accommodating with all the seating outside.  there are fans and misters outside so that helps during hot days.  2 stars:  service.  our waiter was on it and all the employees really friendly3. stars:  music!  the dj played some really good tracks!it's rare that we wanna hookah in the first place.. so i'd probably come back for drinks sometime.  it's a nice spot to have a drink and ppl watch outside.  haven't tried the food so, maybe i'll do that sometime too..
2	I got a last minute call from some friends who were heading over to this place. I'm not a big hookah person, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to hang out.It's a nicely decorated spot with a pretty decent vibe. The problem is their service. We had to ask several times for replacement coals and refills on the tobacco. They weren't as bad with the drinks, but overall, the service was spotty at best.Fortunately, smoking hookah is a very laid back activity. When you're just chilling for a couple of hours and enjoying the company of friends, Nu Sanctuary's shortcomings aren't as severe. They are still shortcomings, however.
3	I feel compelled to update my review. My cousins and I had some more time to kill before I had to head over to the Wynn to meet with friends, so we decided to smoke some hookah. I was a little apprehensive after my experience here last time. Fortunately, the place was pretty dead, so we actually had very good service.So now this place gets an A-OK out of me. If you're just coming to chill and smoke some flavored stuff, it looks like your best bet is when it's a ghost town. I exaggerate of course. Maybe we were just unlucky last time.
5	A business colleague and I had some time to kill so we ventured down to the Town Square area to grab a bite to eat.  I was intrigued by the menu and we felt like some small bites.  We ordered off of the happy hour menu and the prices were down right cheap.  It was early in the evening and the place was rather calm.  We were seated in an inside booth.  Service was excellent and Rachael took very good care of us.  Hummus with fresh pita bread - Very fresh with excellent flavor.Brioche Sliders rocked.  The brioche was great, slightly sweet and went well with the white cheddar.  Thin cut fries finished this dish off well, they were crispy and flavorful.Coconut Prawns with edamame.  Definitely  one of my favorites.  The coconut flavor was well infused into the prawns, but not overly sweet.  Perfectly grilled.  The edamame was a new one for me and the flavors were great, but I wasn't used to the texture.Chicken Ranch Flatbread - This one was great.  I got it with the Hot Sauce and it was hot!  I don't normally like hot, but couldn't stop on this one as the flavors went so well together.Cheddar BBQ Grits -  These were the best I have ever had.  Period.  For those not familiar with grits, think Polenta.  Extremely creamy, with great flavor.  Served with garlic chips.  I will spend the next 3 months trying to recreate this one at home.We did not have anything off the drinks menu and settled for a couple of beers with all the appetizers.  To finish off the night we had a chocolate filled beignet with some vanilla ice cream.  The perfect finish to a great evening.  I give very few 5 stars, and while we weren't coming to this place for the hookah, or the nightclub, the food warranted it.  We will be back the next time we are in town.
3	Stopped in for a drink & some hookah. I love the look of the place & the bartender that helped us was super friendly, but I was disappointed in the hookah experience. The tobacco that they use is made by Cuzzins, which is middle-of-the-line quality. Their flavor selection also wasn't great. On the positive side, they don't use the crappy cheap coals. Definitely not worth my $20 though.
1	OK.. so this review might get me in trouble.. but when has that ever stopped me from ANYTHING? I went here for a drink ( yeah that's it, one drink) with a few girlfriends. It was pretty lame inside with this daft tree that changes colors. ooooh wow. Didn't try the food, but we sat at the bar and watched all the white people jumping around to late nineties hip hop. Sad.. Anyway the drinks were strong and the bar staff were very attentive. Too attentive. After one of the guys comped our bill because, "I was too beautiful to charge" he clocked out and sat next to me. OK, be nice be nice be nice..(MISTAKE#1) He just comped us a pretty hefty bill so i gave him my card and told him if he ever needed anything to let me know.( MISTAKE#2) We made small talk about Starbucks coffee orders and jobs. (MISTAKE#3) My friends were creeped out to 11 by the bartender with the Spencer Pratt beard so we left right after. The bartender then began texting and callin me all night..um yikes. Didn't answer.Had to be up in the morning early for work so actually made a responsible choice and went home. Up early in the morning walking to work and who the fuck do I see standing in front of my place of business but the bartender standing there with the goddamn Starbucks drink I had mentioned I order the previous night. My creep-out meter blew up right there. I was unprepared for that level of stalk. Now, while it is not the establishment's fault that a creeper works there (or did at one time) I feel like if the place was reeeeally cool I could possibly look past that a stalker works there to go...but no. The place is lame and the staff well.. let's just say I have a new number..
2	Has the potential to be amazing... If it weren't for the staff and the prices! Food was good but overpriced. Decor was fun. Drinks were ok. A lil pricey. Its town square guys... Not the Wynn. Best part about the night was the hookah. Amazing!  Among the staff were a few stand outs... But generally they were miserable looking- heavily made up- overall snooty/ bitchy people. From the hostess to the bus boys. Everyone seemed annoyed to serve you... At 10pm on a Friday night when they weren't even busy! Seriously ruined the experience. Would have stayed to dance... But the dj was less than stellar. Wanted to enjoy myself and spend money... But All the majority of the staff did was make me want to leave!
5	The food was made well the NUggets are my favorite
5	I do not think any of these reviews on here are very fair. In fact I think they are from the old menu and staff. They have a new cheif and totally redone menu.  I went there last week for dinner and had a wonderful time. It was slow (one other table) but the service was above par. The waitress(I think her name was Nicole, not for sure)  was pleasent, efficant, and helpful. After her suggestions on drinks and food we went with a Ra (a blackberry mojito type drink) and a Shiva that had sweet tea infused vodka. It was happy hour so we ordered off the happy hour menu (nothing over $6 and half off drinks) she suggested the Chicken Kabobs, Hummus, and Chicken flat bread. All of which were amazing. We also had an order of calimari to share. We had never done hookah before so the waitress sent the hookah guy (I think he said his name was JC) out to explain what it is. We ordered the Afterlife and had our selves and amazing time. If you have gone once before and had a bad experience I suggest you go again. The staff was very kind, the food was great and the over all feel of the place is very relaxing and professional!
1	This is place is ri-goddamn-diculous. It wasn't so bad before when the hookah was cheaper, the portions were bigger, and the service was better; but now, I wouldn't even tell my rich friends to go here. Even if you don't mind the hidden costs that they don't tell you about until you need to pay, like the $4 tap water and the 15% automatic gratuity for the hookah boys that you have flag down with $100 bills, the service is downright horrible and just rude. By the time you get your waitress' attention for something, you're being kicked off your table to make room for the dance floor. I used to be a regular, but this experience ruined the establishment for me. It's as if they don't want your business. I know they won't be getting mine or the rest of my family's anymore!
1	First and foremost this place is horrible. The setting is nice but quite trippy especially if you smoke hookah. I get light headed easily so everything was kind of weird to me when the lights were moving on the floor. It's definitely an ambiance for the stoners lol. I think it was Jamaican night or something. The place is new but I don't know why the seats already have holes in them.  They kept playing Bob  Marley and the like. Everyone had dreadlocks. Some of the people there were really weird. Someone dropped a glass and this one guy took his jacket off and swept the floor with it and then put it back on. Now i don't think he works there but man, these people are weird. Not my crowd at all. Anyways, we ordered a hookah n a few beers. Our first hookah was too ashy like. So we told them to switch it out to a different flavor. The second one was better. The worst part was when we received our bill. There was only 4 of us and they charged us an automatic 20% gratuity which equals to 6 dollars! I believe the hookahs were 30. Anyways the waitress said I would have to tip her extra because that gratuity goes to the hookah guy. I was pissed off. But I just put in two more dollars to the credit charge. The thing is she waiting there for me to tip her. Usually at most restaurants they leave after they give you the check. But I guess she wanted to make sure she gets tipped. Seriously people this place is a ripoff. They are just trying to make a quick dime anyway they can. I don't think place will last long with them ripping people off. I think the employees and owners are a little unprofessional too.
2	THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE RESTAURANT JUST THE NIGHT LOUNGE.... They put WAYYYY too many people in such a small space.  They definitely were not under the maximum capacity!  I don't know how everyone feels about dress codes, but personally unless you're going to a NICE club or somewhere super fancy who gives a crap what you wear.  My friends all had to take off their hats & I'm sorry, but I just don't think this place is that nice to worry about hats!  The other thing was my friends bought a table & bottle (which was pricy for such a small place, but cheaper than the usual nightclub, but as I've said in reviews before it's vegas so high prices are what you should expect). Anyway, the waitress (who was very nice) asked if she could resell the table, I said to ask our friend who bought it, but she asked some other guy while our friend was in the bathroom & resold our table.  My friend came back & was pissed! We did talk to the manager & he comped us another bottle & table, which was very nice & made the night a little better.  That's why I put 2 stars, otherwise it would have had 1.  The music isn't too bad, lots of hip hop & I guess there could be worse places, but it's just definitely not for me, I just really hate overly crowded places.  So if you're into feeling like a sardine in a can with people sweating all over you & like hip hop music then this may be the place for you.  Personally i'd rather go to a real nightclub if I want to drink & dance where I have a little more space!
1	the place looks great. it was a nice atmosphere to chill and relax in. HOWEVER, the service was the worst ive had in a very very long time. The hostess seated us on the outdoor section, took our first drink order, and set us up with our hookah which was awesome, but that was the end of it. we didnt get a waitress until i approached the hostess who originally seated us and asked us if we would be getting a waitress. at that point our drinks had been empty 20 minutes. the waitress then came over took our drink order and it took her another 15 minutes to get them to us. The next round of drinks i had to go to the bar myself to get because the waitress was too busy sitting down talking with some of the other staff. On top of the horrid service, the drinks were exceptionally watered down. All in all, the nice atmosphere is not enough to encourage me to go back.
5	This review is based on my (and my friends') experience from this past Superbowl Sunday.After trying to find a spot to watch the Superbowl near the strip, which most places were charging cover... we trek'd to the Towne Center near the airport. We were heading to Yardhouse, then came across this place. Hardly anyone was there (30mins before the game). The patio lounge and tvs looked cool and inviting so we tried it out, with no cover....Made claim on a corner section and started our Superbowl Sunday...Long story short... Superbowl menu was awesome. $3beers $4mixed well drinks and appetizers from $4-6!.. how can you go wrong?! We totally lived it up as there was only one other small group that came later. Food was so good to....* sliders - very tasty and meaty, skinny fries* pita and artichoke dip - pitas were warm and crispy with a soft chewy center, the dip was really good to* nacho cheese fries - gooey cheese with jalapenos. yum* chicken wings - ok flavor not too saucy with a little spice kick to it.My buddies like to smoke cigars, which was allowed and they also have hookahs which i regret not getting. darn. next time.Since it was just us and some patrons inside, service was awesome. Our amazing server, the cute redhead with the pony-tails, go green bay! (forgot to get her name), was very friendly and attentive. She even spotted us a few shots and fun to chat with! The other guys that worked there were also cool.Great end to a Super Sports weekend. Thanks NSL!
3	Originally, my husband and I went to Town Square for dinner at Kabuki and were going to have a glass of champagne at the Grape.  Since the Grape is no longer open, and the crowd at Blue Martini has gotten much older, we decided to try Nu Sanctuary.This is a nice place if you're looking for a local spot to go dancing.  They were playing pretty good music all night.  If you are planning on going there, I wouldn't go before 10pm.  Things didn't really start to pick up until then.  The night we went it was a little chilly outside and neither of us brought jackets.  At first, we were just going to sit up at the bar.  We ordered a bottle of champagne and realized how uncomfortable the bar stools were.  I asked the hostess if we could sit at a booth.  When I asked her, I was holding a chilling container with our champagne bottle in it.  My husband was holding our glasses.  She told us we could sit at a booth but would have to leave if someone ordered bottle service.  Apparently a bottle of champagne doesn't classify on their list of bottle service.  Regardless, we hung out for about an hour and a half.  Guess no one ordered bottle service because we were never told to leave our booth!  This venue seems more like a local's spot to have hookah, a drink and maybe dance a little...not a Strip venue so the bottle service thing almost seemed out of place. We didn't try any of the food or hookah.  Everything I saw looked good and smelled pretty good.  The flare bartending was cool.  The outdoor seating with the firepits look like a fun place to hang out.  I wouldn't be opposed to going again.
3	Alex: I was mesmerized by the hypnotic lights, compelled to dance in my seat by the new age techno ambience, relaxed by the strong, well-mixed drinks, impressed by the themes of peace and acceptance...until my last few visits.Now every time I go I get told several things I want are not available. I get extremely over-iced drinks. I get waiters and bar tenders with attitudes. It's just not the same any more. The food still tastes phenomenal, and the hookahs have great mixes. But last time I went with some friends from out of town I had such horrible service that I had to call out the owner, Z. Luckily he was cool and bought us shots and hookahs, but...geez, how hard is it to check your attitude at the door when your restaurant has a big paper-mache tree as the centerpiece?Tip: Firewater Hookah. Try it if you go.Angel: Good food, well, on most nights that is. Depending on your server, and the house bartender for the night, your experience can range from ultra sub par, to pretty decent. The menu seems to change every night. And unfortunately there are not many substitute options for certain meal ingredients. For instance, marinara can not be used in place of alfredo if a dish calls for it. :o(When it comes to ordering drinks, if a certain ingredient is missing from your choice, you simply can not order that drink. If a drink calls for blueberries but the fruit is not available in house, you will simply not be allowed to order the drink. Even if the fruit is just a garnish. Not only is this annoying, it makes me think that the bartenders don't understand the concepts of customer service. This may be the main reason Nu Sanctuary has been so "ghostownish" even on weekends. Eh,,,had better. MUCH better.
2	This place proves that horrible service can ruin your entire experience.  From the time we were seated until the time we got the incorrect bill, Nu Sanctuary let us down over and over again.I went here with some friends during happy hour which lasts until 8 pm. It seemed unbelievable that happy hour could last that long and now I know why. Service was incredibly slow. I don't know if the workers there are lazy or, for lack of a better word, dumb.  First, my husband got there first and was seated at a noticeably dirty table. When he asked if they were going to clean it up, the hostess asked, "Oh, do you want a different table?" Let me emphasize how SLOW the service was. We ordered  two beers and some water and it took at least 45 minutes to get it. Mind you, there were only two other occupied tables at this time so there was no reason why everything took so long.  It took us about two hours to finish our drinks and appetizers and we asked to be seated outside for hookah.Unfortunately all of the hookah flavors that sounded good were out of stock. Once again, our waitress let us down. We ordered some more drinks and placed our hookah order. We realized it was almost an hour and we still didn't get our hookah. We asked our waitress about it and she looked at us wide eyed and clearly forgot to put our order in. For some strange reason, they don't have list any of their beers on their menu. When we asked the waitress about desserts, she said, "We serve cotton candy and I just found out about it!" Really?! How could she not know what food they serve?The only thing preventing me from giving this place 1 star is that the waitress gave us a free drink because she knew she screwed up big time. Some of the appetizers were decent such as the artichoke dip and pita bread and the kabobs.  The Nu Confessionals drink was really good and really worth the price if you go during happy hour.I have so many other complaints about this place but I don't want to turn this review to a rant. Management at Nu Sanctuary... please work on improving your customer service. Your place has such a cool concept but I don't plan on going back anytime soon if it takes an hour to get a drink!
3	This place is an OK little lounge, I've never been here during the day so I cant say much about the food. BUT at night when the lights go out, it's a great place to dance and smoke some hookah. The service is not spectacular- it's difficult lt to get a drink or when you reserve a table it takes forever to get everything set up. The drinks are disappointing too, not at all worth the money you spend on them ($12-$15). You are better off buying a shot to get your buzz going.The only thing I llike about this place is the MUSIC. They play mainly hip-hop/dance/tech, which is why it's good for gettin yo grove on. PLUS, there are so many beautiful people there, it's definitely a mini club. The crowd however, is YOUNG. Probably suited for the under 25 crowd. None the less still fun. :D Reserving a VIP booth is not bad either, your not going to spend nearly as much as you would at a club since it's a lounge, but still. And crazy enough, the place stays cracking till FOUR IN THE MORNING. So you could probably check out some other spots and then come back for more hella late.
1	I knew I would probably have a crappy time after reading the reviews for this place. but my friend wanted to go anyway. and yes, the service is crap.We had to go and ask about any hopes of getting hookah, let alone drinks, and they told us someone would be coming to our table and we had to wait. We had already been sitting there and waiting for some kind of service for 20-30 minutes. Another 15 before we got a menu to figure out what we wanted. Another 20 before someone comes back so we can tell them what we want. And then another 20 for them to get it ready and bring it over. That i can understand but it was already irritating because of the hassle it was just to get service and order. The hookah was ok. The taste wasn't anything near what we expected. I wasn't even about to try any of the food because it probably would have been another hour and a half. I will be getting $4 beers and hookah somewhere else next time.
2	Meh. That sums up my opinion of Nu Sanctuary. I've mistakenly given it many chances over the last year since their grand opening, and each time has been essentially the same experience.Exhibit A: Excited to try the new venture of it's managers formerly of Almaza - my favorite place to get drunk back in the day when I was underage and rebellious - I came to Nu with a couple friends. After being seated, we waited *twenty five* minutes without being greeted by our server before finally flagging down the manager and saying, "Hey, WTF man?". Although a server came by after that, the service left a lot to be desired as our server preferred to sit with a table in our view a couple spots away, flirting with the male patrons rather than check on us or see if we wanted to order anything more. The meal was mediocre, it took forever to get our drinks, and the service left me not only disappointed but actually a little upset.Exhibit B: This time the service was a little bit better, although still very sub-par when compared not only to other hookah spots and lounges, but other bars in the same area of Town Square. She actually checked on us - once every twenty minutes, maybe. However what this review is really about is the quality of their hookah - they had raised prices since the last time I'd visited, and anywhere in Vegas charging $30 for a head of hookah that only lasts 15 minutes before getting tasteless and harsh, can suck it. Apparently their prices are now $20 for a head and $10 for refills, which is moderate, but unless they've changed the hookah I've never had it last long enough to be worth the $.From my experience, it's either love or hate. I've never met anyone to say that Nu was "okay" - but have certainly heard my sentiments echoed by many of my friends after their own terrible experiences (one friend, after making reservations a week in advance, was forced to wait 45 minutes for a table. Wtf.) - as well as a few friends who love the place and visit frequently. Give it a shot if you're in the area and the many other bars/lounges in Town Square aren't your cup of tea. But don't order their hookah, stick to appetizers and drinks, and don't expect stellar service.
1	Yes,this place has been the worst ,service is bad,dirty and over price,think mcdonalds is still better than this place! Wife and kids didnt like it.
3	this place is alright. i'm a first timer here so i'm giving it the benefit of a doubt. the place looks nice, it's got outside seating or should i say it's a smoking are. inside doesn't offer much sitting which is weird since this place is a lounge. a good thing about it is they offer hookah services too. service though is a bit slow. my friend dished out $$$ to get a bottle service plus hookah but i believed the service was a tad bit slow. from getting us situated and not only that our bottle was not even cold. the hookah as well took forever for the coal to be changed. music was the only thing that saved this place. the first DJ was from the Bay Area (i can tell by the music he played...E-40, Too $hort) the second one played more house and electronic which is kool, i don't mind a little mix up here and there. not sure if i'm ever gonna hit up this place, the crowd was mostly Hispanic, our group was the only Asian people out there besides 4 or 5 Asian woman that came in and quickly came out =/
3	Went on a Friday night and it wasn't that packed around midnight; it was after midnight where there was a little bit of a line but not that bad. The space is pretty good compared to other clubs/lounges on the strip.I like the location since you can get in and out of the parking not having to worry about reckless cab drivers. It's easy to hop onto the 215 and I-15 for us to get home. This area reminds of Santana Row in Santa Clara, CA, the affordable version scene. I also like how Blue Martini, Cadillac Ranch, Yardhouse, Lolita's and a new lounge is just walking distance, more like few steps from each other. What I didn't like was again, the music. Granted, they played mainstream in between sets BUT just wasn't feeling it. Would I go back there again? Sure. The hostesses were really nice and it's a nice place to just chill with friends instead of a crazy night out.
1	Terrible service, terrible prices, terrible bar!  Went there with my cousin, his girlfriend, my brother and his wife and had an awful time.  First off, who ever heard of paying cover for entering a bar?  The women went in for free but us guys had to pony over $20 just to get in this place!  Second, no one greeted us or offered us seating, more like we were herded in.  The decor is ok, nothing to write home about.  The clientele leaves a lot to be desired: think Jersey Shore rejects and Ed Hardy wearing douchebags.  After maybe 30mins, we wanted to get the hell outta there. Final verdict: don't bother!*UPDATE*I was around the area and was glad to see this atrocity of a bar have shut down!  No surprise due to their lousy service and attitude.  Good riddance!*
5	Great chill place especially on Wednesday night. Great vibe.
1	I gave waitress 20 bucks for an 8 dollar drink. Came back with drink but no change. Told me she was busy and would b right back. She never came back. Guess what? I'll never go back.
3	Came here with a restaurant.com coupon and my friend and I had a great meal. The sound system here is amazing... Unfortunately, not the ambience we wanted with our meal. The screens were playing an action movie during dinner and we were seated right underneath a speaker. I can see that sound system being great at night when there's more of a lounge atmosphere, but not at 5:30 when we're having an early dinner. The service and the food were both good on the night we went but I don't know if I'd be back.
2	We just went for a couple of drinks. It was ok, nothing really tickled our fancy. They didn't have any drinks that was different is what I look for. They didn't have beer on tap....We didn't order any food. We did find out that they have live reggae on Tuesday nights! We plan on going on a Tuesday night real soon.
3	Came here for the first time last night and it was pretty decent. The hookah is very pricey compared to other places I've been to, but the vibe is pretty awesome. This is the first outdoor hookah lounge I've been to and I actually liked that aspect of it...especially since the weather was perfect last night. It was awesome just sitting back, smoking hookah and having drinks outdoors.Service was OK. Not 100% on top of it, but not the worse I've experienced.A major plus, you can add a shot of alcohol to your hookah which adds to the smoothness of the smoke, but also gets you a little buzzed...AND they add ice cubes to the hookah water so the smoke goes in nice and cool.
3	We decided to come here for a pre-wedding party got both guys & girls, some like to chill & smoke hookah, others like to drink & dance, so we figure this place was perfect. Well it started off great, got there early before the crowd n got a prime spot table, we were ok w/ bottle service until we got the 1st bill for our 2bottles $600 for a crown n a stoli, we may as well have gone to a club on the strip for those prices, this place is literally a hole in the wall, but we knew a couple bouncers so we asked about the bill n they offered to give us a free bottle of stoli n a round of shots. So everything after that was a lil hazy lol I think it was Latin night, my party was dancing n having a great time, hookah was good (forgot how much that cost) UNTIL they kicked out a friend, they didn't even say why, the guy wasn't even drinking! We think it was because he brought his wife with him who was pregnant but she wasn't drinking either! Before u know it the place is packed n they start kicking ppl out left & right who seemed too intoxicated. Then the friendly ppl who helped us in, were suddenly douche bags who acted like we didn't spend good $ to be there n were annoyed by our party, anyways our party bus got there to pick us up n we left before things could get out of hand. They get 3 because our waitress was sweet n hot, but 2 for security n management n overly priced!
4	Good place to go for nice mature fun. Good music and good people.
3	I've been coming to this place since it first opened and watched as they changed their decor, menu, and even diversified the types of entertainment, so I feel like I have a few things to say about my experiences.My boyfriend and I accidentally stumbled upon their Happy Hour on a Sunday night at 7pm, and decided that we just had to come back for more, only on a Wednesday night at 6pm.  They have an abbreviated menu--kabobs, couple of sliders, hummus and babaganoush, flatbreads, other finger foods and dips, and half off of their drinks.  Not bad, if you ask me, from 4-8pm everyday.  So, we went and even used a Restaurant.com certificate (the other time, they accepted my $35 Groupon).  I have to say, for Happy Hour, I felt that the place was somewhat dead, but that didn't mean that they lacked in terms of service.  We actually had 3 different people assisting our group of 4.  As soon as everyone arrived and sat, we were promptly greeted by our server and had our drinks ordered.  We then proceeded to order lots of the Happy Hour items--6 orders of the beef kabobs with fries (next time, I have to tell them to hold the fries), along with some tziki sauce and garlic dipping sauce, an order of sliders with fries, and an order of hummus, as well as babaganoush.  The hummus and babaganoush came out farily quickly with flatbread, although I felt like our table was swimming in plates and bowls--the hummus and babaganoush were served in such large bowls that the two dishes alone took up about half of the center of the table.  In addition, two of our dinner guests ordered tea, which was brought out in these huge-ass teakettles.  While I like the idea (the kettles came from Teavana, a nice touch), we definitely didn't have enough room for all of this stuff on the table.  Later on, the kabobs came out, along with fries, and by that time, we were practically swimming in fries.  Seriously.  We had two plates full of fries, since all that we wanted was the meat.  I ended up finishing the portion that I'd ordered, in addition to my boyfriend's.  All I can say is that I wish I would've switched orders with him, since his kabobs came out juicy, tender, and more on the rare side.  Mine, on the other hand, came out well done.  Definitely not the way I wanted them, but then again, I wasn't asked about the how I wanted them cooked.  I practically had to keep dipping the meats into the sauces in order to swallow the last two bites of my kabob.  The only thing I kept telling myself was that it was all worth $8 for the two orders.  While we were chowing down, the wait staff also came around with an order of chicken kabobs and sliders, but unfortunately, we failed to order chicken, and there was a miscommunication from the kitchen, and the sliders were taken to another table--our guy hadn't put in the order correctly.At least they came around often enough to ask about drink refills.  When we asked to see the dessert menu, we were told that they're not necessarily a dessert place.  All they had were two varieties of ice cream and a cappuccino cake.  The brutally honest response from the server to go elsewhere for dessert was all that we needed.  We capped off the evening at CPK.After it was all said and done, the bill came to like $50 something with tip and tax.  I'd definitely come back again, but next time, to hold the fries.  I haven't been out in awhile, but I definitely know that their nightlife scene is more of their forte vs. a food joint.  Lounge and club yes, food and dessert, not so much.  However, for those happy hour prices, I'd be willing to come here again.
1	My boyfriend and I have been to Nu several times. We have always had, mediocre service at best. This last time we went, against our better judgement, was a complete mistake. Our movie had sold out and we decided to come smoke some hookah. First, as we walk in, we see a hostess, sitting down with her bra hanging out texting. We stood there for a few minutes before she even acknowledged us. This was extremely disrespectful. I work in a job where customer service is everything and this, to start our night, made us question even walking in. After this she asks us if we are dining or smoking hookah. We say hookah but we might want to eat. She starts to take us outside without saying anything, so we ask if we can sit inside instead. She tells us we can't smoke inside until after ten. I am confused now because all three times I have been here we smoked inside before ten. I decided the rules might have changed and I suck it up even though its cold. I asked if we could be closer to one of the fires so she seated us across from a fire since another group was sitting at it. After about ten minutes our waitress finally shows up and asks us what we want. We had to tell her several times we wanted peach flavored hookah. I ordered a diet pepsi, a cheese pizza without the tomatoes and my boyfriend a water. She brings my diet pepsi which was disgusting. I couldn't even drink more than one sip because it tasted so horrible. My boyfriends water came in a tiny cup made of plastic. I felt like I was at a heap dinner instead of the nice "hookah restaurant" we were paying for. $4.00 for a disgusting soda was pretty ridiculous. After another 20 minutes our waitress comes back and I ask her if we were going to get our hookah. It's obvious she forgot and instead of telling us she forgot she said yeah theres a lot of other people waiting. She then went to the hookah guy, right in front of us, and told him. We laughed it off and I got my pizza about ten minutes before our hookah. I own my own hookah and thought this was quite sad because a pizza should take longer than a hookah bowl to make. The hookah guy was completely quiet. Never asked us if we needed anything or if the hookah was okay. We actually had to get up and ask him to fix it. He didn't say anything and was completely rude. I ignored it thinking maybe he's having a bad night. We said thank you and he just walked away.We then ask if we can be moved to the fire because the group is gone and our waitress tells us that its fine so we switch tables. The waitress asks us if we can pay our bill because she needed to close all tabs. I'm thinking "okay she wants us to tip her before her shift ends thats fine." So we say okay we'll take our check and ask for more water. She never brought our water and we saw her later on. I felt like she rushed us for no reason and she never came back to ask us if we needed anything else. She then seated a group of four AT OUR TABLE! I was SOOOOOOO ANGRY. I felt intruded upon. How could you let an employee seat two groups together? Me and my boyfriend were sitting at our table smoking hookah and four other people crowd around next to us sitting WITH US. I am so disgustingly horrified. I honestly cannot believe that anyone would let this happen in their business.I left the hostess alone who was texting with her bra hanging out completely unprofessional. I ignored the waitress who couldn't get our order. I also ignored our rude hookah helper who did not service us. We ended up having a 20% gratuity added to our bill for the "hookah service" which we did not receive. But the absolute last straw was the disrespectful waitress who closed out our tab as fast as possible and then used our table to seat other guests. I cannot believe the horrible customer service I have received and I would like to be compensated. I did not pay $45 dollars and a $7 automatic gratuity for no reason.
3	I'm a regular at Nu, but not for the reasons you think.A OK OVERALL: Nu is just that A-OK. Moderately priced drinks, no wait / no line, no cover, no BS of the clubs. Fusia Night is the only time I'm here. My circle of friends frequent this place on Fusia Nights Wednesdays. Be prepared, the place is usually packed with Asians.MUSIC: Wednesdays: On the decks, you'll find Tommy Lin, DJ KRYS1S, and more. Good variety of Hip-Hop / Top 40 / and House. Weekends-hip hop. I think they do Latin night too.  TABLES: Good hookah, decent service, cheap bottles. Sounds like a win.I frequent this place to support my friend's events and my DJ friends. Never had a bad time.
3	Music: At night this hooka lounge/ restaurant turns into an ultra lounge/club. The music starts off hip hop to top 40/ Dubstep/ Electro which gives people the best of both worlds. On Wednesday nights which were the best nights till the promotion company that held events their moved, but at the time being. Wednesday's were the best days yet not anymore. The place was always packed after 11:30PM and the music!!!! I had some fun times there.Food: Never ate here but I don't think I would. I've seen people throw up in corners during the club hours and I just can't imagine being seated to eat there. It would just gross me out. Drinks: Decent price but still over priced. Their beers are still like $8 bucks a bottle and some of their drinks like Crown and coke are like $12 bucks. Its a step down from Las Vegas's major clubs but still not a price Nu Sanctuary should be charging. Location: To tell you the truth is place is in prime great potential location. South Las Vegas inside Town Square where also Blue Martini is located. This place has no cover and the line is never too long.
1	NEVER WILL I EVER spend another dollar at Nu Sanctuary.I heard a rumor that they're closing... I hope its true because after my experience tonight, I'm never coming back.I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I figured I'd use this opportunity to try the food here. I saw John Curtas' (Eating LV) review on Nu Sanc and it peaked my interest. HOURS: A friend and I were waiting for them to open for dinner at 5pm. We as well as another group were getting impatient when the clock hit 5:05pm and no employees came to open the door. Someone from the other group got the attention of an employee and another one came out to rudely tell us that they weren't opening until 5:30 tonight... WTF? We left and I planned to return later that evening.SERVICE: I went to the bar to order food to-go. The bartender implied he wouldn't let me take the food "to-go" unless I tipped him. How incredibly obnoxious. He took my $10 to cover the difference/tip and my groupon and told me he would put my order in. 20 minutes later, they drop off a container of just pita bread. I start asking questions on where the rest of my food is and every employee comes back telling me something  different. A different bartender who was actually quite polite and respectful got some answers for me and proceeded to grab the manager who turned out to be a complete Jacka$$. He said he can't do anything for me unless I have a receipt. He also can't prove any services were due because the original bartender wasn't there. To make matters worse, turns out the kitchen didn't have any of the food I ordered.I had already been there for 40 minutes and I was too frustrated to fight with this ignorant punk any longer. It wasn't worth the $10 cash or the $15 groupon to raise my blood pressure so I left. Smoke and eat elsewhere because the goods and services at Nu Sanc are done and over with.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
2	Drink prices here are similar to club prices.  The music is either a hit or miss, usually a miss for me.  I'd prefer not to go to this place but I'll go to hangout with my friends.
