4	Awesome counter-service Italian sandwich, calzone, pasta, and pizza place open only for lunch during the week. New York transplant with great ingredients and recipes.They have a huge menu of the aforementioned menu items that cater to vegetarian and meat eaters. The prices are very reasonable (around $7) when considering the quality of food, the ingredients, and the ambitious serving sizes. Calzones and pizzas are monstrous and the foccacia sandwiches aren't a slouch either. Sandwiches aren't as good as Cibo, but are a very good alternative for the price and a quicker meal.However, the huge menu is also it's downfall. While exploring it I have found several pretty bland menu items that don't belong. Some of the turkey and vegetarian sandwiches I have tried have been sub-par. People I've been with have also had some mediocre experiences with their pastas o' the day.I also visit it far less then I normally would because they won't serve you free water. You have to buy a bottle. Isn't that illegal?
5	I love this place. I wish they had dinner hours. It's a little loud. But other than that, it's by far my favorite place to eat lunch in the heart of downtown. It's so consistently good. I believe it's family-owned and as such nothing has changed in years, which is a wonderful thing. I highly recommend the Vodka and the Fiorentina and the mushroom-sauced daily special when they have it. And the manicotti. And the calzone. Oh, you dirty little calzone... It is what it is and what it is is sooooo good.
5	This place was very busy so be prepared or do carryout ;) I had to try the Vodka and Fiorentina after Dallas G.'s review =) It was super yummy just like he said and I'd eat here often if I was a down towner! I am such a sucker for Italian!! Loved it thanks for sharing it Dallas!!!
4	Awesome customizable breakfast burritoI was in the mood for a breakfast burrito and attempted to visit Baja Fresh 3 doors down, but alas this branch is not open for breakfast.Lucky for us it was not!We walked down the block looking for something to fill our bellies and this place called me in!The ladies behind the counter are amazingly friendly, helpful, and wonderful at their craft!The burrito options are wide open! Pick what you want in there, and they do it! I got carnitas, beans, cheese, and bacon and included the potatoes inside!So super yummy! And the red spicy sauce was great! ask for 2!Wish i lived closer so i could try more of the options for lunch!!
3	I went here with some coworkers for lunch yesterday, and wasn't overly impressed. I ordered some chicken dish that was basically a chicken breast (yep, just one...) with cheese, tomato sauce and some asparagus on top...can't remember what it's called (I think it was a special or something). I ordered it in the first place because the asparagus looked yummy...and it was. But...the chicken wasn't anything to write home about and it was too cheesy for my taste. The dish came with either a side of salad or pasta...I tried to go the healthy route with a salad, but regretted my decision immediately. The salad was tiny, and looked really lame...and it was. I think I should have gotten the penne alla vodka or something...next time, I won't make the same mistake (and I assume I'll be back, because my coworkers like this place). I'm willing to admit that it could have been what I ordered...had I ordered something besides one little chicken breast and an anemic salad, I may feel differently about this place. And if, in the future, my opinion changes, then I'll ammend my review...but for now, 3 stars it is.
4	Went here w/ a couple of co-workers yesterday and about 2 weeks ago, for lunch. Food is good, their pastas are yummy, sandwiches are good too... prices... eh.. they could be lower. The service is fast, no wait staff to deal with or tip. The prices are not less than $7 as someone else mentioned in their review. Be prepared to spend $10-13 for your lunch. Good thing I pack the 4 of the 5 work days!
3	For some reason, I always worry that 3-stars is a bad thing. It's not, really. Just an indication that it's good but not great. Foccacia Fiorentina represents this philosophy, to me. While I've not had a bad pizza here, they do require thinking ahead enough to call in my order before I walk over, thus maximizing my lunch hour. But if I'm just walking around looking for something to jump out at me, not such a good thing. Such was the case for my most recent visit to FF. Pressed for time, I decided on two pasta dishes--one a creamy cheese and mushroom sauce, the other a balsamic vinegar mixed with fresh basil, tomatoes and mozzarella. Individually, they sound very good. But the reality fell short of my expectations. Maybe if I'd gotten them in separate containers it would have felt differently about my meal. I'll stick to pizzas in the future.
2	I wanted to love this place. I really, really did but really, really didn't love it. I didn't even like it that much. We took some friends there for lunch today and by the looks of the food, it seemed so promising. It is a casual spot where the food it pretty much pre-prepared and being heated in the windows at the counter. This restaurant has pizza, salads, pasta, sandwiches, and baked goods. I ordered one of the specials, chicken parmesan with a side of penne alla vodka. The chicken was so bland that I felt like I was eating boiled chicken. As my husband put it, it tasted like diet food but without the benefits of diet food because of the breading. The pasta was also weirdly bland and spicy. The spicy part really surprised me because I have never had it spicy. My husband had the penne alla campagna (1/2) and another (1/2) penne dish that we can't remember. His were slightly better than mine but not by much. It is sad that the best part of the meal was the pepperoni pizza we bought for kids. Would I go there again? Probably not. For 4 adults and 2 kids, we spent $65 which I find disappointing for an extremely mediocre meal. I suppose for people that work close by (it is downtown at Central and Adams), it is a nice convenience but if I wanted Italian food, I'd probably choose Pasta Bar.
2	My wife and I were downtown with some friends, and decided to check this place out. I ordered a pasta lunch, and chose Penne Alla Campagna and another penne with tomatoes and Mozzarella. Meh, it was just okay. The food was just okay, kind of bland and a bit overpriced. I did snag a small slice of pepperoni pizza from one of the kids at our table that was actually the best part of my meal. Would I go back, nope no sir
4	Survived my second morning of class and chose this place for lunch.   At 11:30 we were the only group dining in and we got all six of our sandwiches in less than 10 minutes.  I had the Fattoria sandwich and it was delicious, but a half sandwich would have been more than adequate.  If I worked in downtown Phoenix this place would definitely be a part of my regular lunch rotation.
4	I'm working downtown now (new themed list to come soon!) so I'm exploring the area from a different angle. I'm no stranger to downtown/midtown's happy hour and dinner spots, but I've never had to go out and search for breakfast or lunch during the day. I checked out Focaccia one morning when I hadn't had breakfast yet at the recommendation of my husband, Myles M, who works right around the corner. He said I should order the breakfast burrito, so I did, because he's pushy and I always do what I'm told. Ok, neither of things are true, but in this case, he had conviction and I obediently complied. The breakfast burrito was worth every penny. Being a somewhat recent convert to pescetarianism, I got it with egg whites (cool that they had that option), spinach, green salsa and potatoes. The woman behind the counter made it up right there on the grill and it was warm and delicious. The potatoes were skin-on which gave them a great texture and flavor. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the green salsa had a great kick. The hot coffee from the carafe I got to accompany it was airplane-quality, but next time, I'll just grab something from Cartel on the way back to my office. God knows the burrito alone will be enough to keep me coming back to Focaccia.
4	Focaccia Fiorentina, it sounds like a string of italian curse words but it tastes like a gift from the heavens...I went down here with Melissa because I had purchased a $2 coupon from that online place (wink wink) that let us buy $35 worth of food for only $10. Needless to say, after all the restrictions of the coupon (minimum 2 people, dine-in only), we had enough food for an italian army! Still, it only cost $10 and I was hungry!I got the #3 sandwich which had Genoa Salami, Moz, Tomatoes, on (you guessed it) Focaccia bread (pardon my french, er... italian). She got the #6 which had Turkey, and a bunch of other stuff that I can't remember.  We also ordered the Penne (something) Vodka.  You know you're an alcoholic when all you remember is the vodka part! Oh, and a large greek salad. Finally, we passed our $35 minimum and we sat down with all this food.People were staring at us all hateful like we stole this food from ethiopians or something! Geez! I didn't know there was a law against ordering this much food. We weren't going to eat it all there, I promise! We got boxes! Yes, Plural!The food was great, the lady that greeted us, not so much. We must have interrupted her break, because she was giving me the stink eye. Yes, can I order the #3? Ugh! Did you see that?!?!Why is it that Italians have the best of everything? The tastiest sandwiches, the tastiest pasta, the tastiest bread, the tastiest men... ahem, sorry. got carried away.  But its true! Everything about italy is awesome. Pizza! Anyway, this place has pizzas too. Maybe next time!
4	Another one of my favorite lunchtime spots in downtown. Not exactly an inexpensive lunch, yet reasonable for the quality of the food. The Focaccia bread for the sandwiches has a great crust and is soft and chewy inside and the ingredients are fresh. My favorite sandwiches are the Rimpolla (#9) and the Classico (#1). The fresh basil, sweet tomato, creamy mozzarella, and salty prosciutto on the #1 is a delicious combination. And the sun dried tomatoes, shaved red onion, and turkey on the #9 are fabulous. As far as pastas go, they have a few to choose from. The vodka pasta is my favorite. The light tomato cream sauce with a kick of spice is spectacular. Focaccia also has pizzas, salads, daily specials and they are even open for breakfast. I haven't tried the breakfast yet, however, I picked up a menu today and was impressed with all of the options. I can't wait to go back. I love to get a 1/2 sandwich and small pasta combo. In addition to the quality of the food described above, I like this combo because it is the perfect size workday lunch. While at first, the portions on this combo meal may appear small when you see everyone else getting a huge bowl of pasta, the proof is at the end of the meal. Everyone else is unbuttoning to top button of their pants and in severe need of a nap from the amount of food they consumed, while my pants are just fine and I am perfectly alert and ready to return to work to finish my day with the lingering thoughts of my luscious lunch.One more thing about the combo, save a piece of the bread from your sandwich to sop of the yummy vodka sauce from the pasta!!
3	Good, average food at your typical downtown lunch joint.
4	I work in downtown central Phoenix and I've been going to Focaccia every morning for their french toast. It is delicious, and apparently addictive. Beware! The french toast comes with bacon or ham and a couple pieces of fruit for $5.25, which I consider a fair deal. I've also had their pizzas and they're very good as well.
3	It took Chris T.'s ROTD to remind me that I have eaten here more than once. Working just down the street, when I forget to bring my lunch I wander the streets for a bit wondering where to go or fall back to Baja as my trusty standby.  Now on at least 2 occasions I have chosen Focaccia Fiorentina.  On one visit I had one of their cream based pastas with penne.  This was quite tasty and the portion was more than enough for lunch.  The second time I found myself here, I ordered up their half pizza special with a drink for @ $6.  Now it sounds larger than it is.  My coworkers usually find they like a full pizza plus a salad for a lunch meal. Having the choice between the pepperoni or the pizza of the day, buffalo chicken, I chose the buffalo chicken.   (Not recommended for those prone to heartburn).   The food is good, not stellar as is the service.  It is a worthy lunch time downtown stop.
4	Focaccia Fiorentina is a great place to eat downtown. It's usually really quick to get through the line, quick cafeteria style serving, and lots of indoor air conditioned seating. Really yummy pasta - which sucks for someone who is gluten free, but really great when you want to cheat! I like the Penne al Vodka, but there's a ton of choices. There's always a special - usually chicken - and they're pretty friendly here as well. You can always get to-go as well. Just be careful, they serve rolls with every meal. It's a carb fest, but it's yummy and quick working downtown!
2	Meh:  Go there because work is near by.  I think the food is over priced but dependable.  The pastas are the best best or the sandwich by itself.  Don't make the mistake of ordering a side of pasta which will net you a smallish cup (amounting to two forkfulls of pasta) for like four bucks.  Okay for a quick work bite.
4	Nice lunch spot right in downtown. They do serve breakfast now as well, and i hear it is really good too.   A lot of seating, few tv's and large windows to downtown people watch as well. Quick service and a nice variety in their menu too. You got pizza, calzones, salads, pasta and of course focaccia sandwiches. You can also do 1/2 orders with your sandwich and get a side of a pasta the normal order comes with your choice of chips and drink.I tried the Caprese sandwich and it was pretty good, i loved the fresh ingredients ( reason for the 4th star). My sandwich was just over $10, but the fresh ingredients again were worth it. My peeps that accompanied me enjoyed their pasta as well with no complaints. Chill, relax environment which on your lunch hour is just what you need sometimes.
1	Looking for good pizza downtown?  Good luck.  I got excited when I noticed Focaccia sold pizza. Went in, menu shows prices for whole pizzas, no slices. 1-item, $8.  I asked if they had slices.  No, but they do sell 1/2 pizzas.  Ok, I'll take it.  $8.47.  Right.  .47 cents to cut it in half.  Comes with a salad, if it makes you feel any better.  By the way, most frozen pizza is better.  I won't be back.
4	I've had lunch here twice and have really enjoyed the food. My first visit I got the rimpolla sandwich and it was tasty (and enough to bring half home for later). Yesterday I had the penne alla vodka and it was good. Nice and spicy which I wasn't quite expecting. But me likee. I also tasted the rigatoni alla fiorentina and it was light and creamy. The fiance added a meatball and it was yummy. I'll be back but I wish they served wine. What... it's a lunch only spot? ....Oh. Well... I'd still like some wine. It' not like it's illegal to have wine with lunch! :p
5	One of my favorite go- to spots in downtown. I WISH THEY WERE OPEN AT NIGHT!!! Please note, they are only open M-F for the lunch crowd. The pastas are AMAZING, I especially like the vinegar pasta! I am actually having them cater my wedding this year.
1	We were really hoping this would be a great place.  It may be, but unfortunately, they forgot our order and we sat in a mostly empty restaurant for about 45 minutes wondering what happened to our sandwiches.  Ended up leaving hungry because we couldn't stay any longer.  They did credit us back for the entire meal, so that was good.  Maybe we'll try again??
1	I wanted to like this place. I am always hesitant of the "downtown lunch places".  It is nice inside and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  The three cheese calzone was absolutely disgusting. No self-respecting restaurant should serve something that bad and be able to sleep at night.  The pasta on other people's table looked good.  I may give them another chance and try that.  But if you are capable of something that awful, it makes you wonder.
2	Overpriced cafeteria food.
4	I work downtown, and this place is one of the few places to eat that offer quality food on a tight time frame.  The prices are reasonable, too.
4	Ever since the job moved downtown, I've been excited for lunch.  Sooooo many places to try.  Recently, I've had equal excitement over breakfast.This is mainly due to finding this place.I've tried the Low Carb Omelete w/chorizo, and their special - turkey, tomato, basil, egg whites and some kind of cheese on focaccia.  I was not expecting to be satisfied whatsoever with the omelet, only getting it cause I was trying to be "good".  The thing was awesome.  Hmm, I can't remember EVERYTHING that was on it, but just remember that the chorizo went together really nicely with the fluffy omelet, and whatever else was on it made it a perfect tasting deal.  The fluffiness of it was my favorite part.  Really well made.  Enough to make me declare that at least a twice a week breakfast for me going forward.My next visit I had that sandwich, which isn't on the menu but found on their board outside.  Now this..this right here....oh man.  Maybe because I never had focaccia before.  Maybe because I'm really easy to please when it comes to sandwiches.  Or maybe because it was just friggin delicious.  The basil and garlic together with whatever cheese on there and those fresh tomatos...that right there is enough to make me love it.  But then the fluffy egg and the thin slices of turkey give it a...solidness.  I dunno, it just all comes together and the flavor is just stupid good.  Now the first time I went in, I saw a big vat of bacon.  Next to that was a big vat of potatoes.  I ordered a side of potatoes with my lo-carb omelet (yeah there went the whole lo-carb thing) and the lady noted my admiration of the bacon and threw in a slice:)  That alone made me wanna come back for the 2nd visit.  Then after tasting the potatoes, it made me know this would be a regular place for breakfast.  Right across from Starbucks so I can call my order in and get coffee while I'm waiting.  Perfect.  Plus the people are friendly here.  I also like that they don't turn on all the lights early in the morning, making it a nice place for someone like me to eat breakfast in - I'm NOT a morning person and don't like bright lights and bright people at 6am.The prices are fine with me.  I had to give up being cheap ever since the job moved downtown.  If you can get full for under $7, I consider that great.  And here you can.  I think both times I paid about that much.  I see a lot of the bad reviews are for lunch items.  I'll have to see what the deal is on that end of things.  But if you're hungry at 6:30 and like flavorful food, I'd suggest this place.  So far they are pretty darn awesome.
4	This review is for the food available at the Phoenix Airport.  I had the Classico.  It was served on rosemary focaccia bread with olive oil, fresh basil, tomatoes, mozzerella and nice quality spicy proscuitto.  It was a very tasty sandwich.  Not soggy at all, which many pre wrapped sandwiches tend to do.  The Chicken Milano salad with corn, hearts of palm, bell peppers, shredded carrots, grilled chicken looked fresh and tasty.  I could not believe I was seeing airport food.  I highly recommend.  If I am in town I would for sure go to their main location.
4	Fabu morning food. Good coffee. Fair prices. Quick service. Real nice people.
3	The pasta was good, the staff was overly friendly but it took a while to get my food since everything is made fresh. I had a sandwich with eggplant, mozz, and tomatoes and the rigatoni special. If you are in a hurry just order the pasta from the window and you should be fine but I didn't. Fairly high priced which is my main reason to rate it 3 stars and the wait time.
3	I just wish I had used a coupon at this place.  I would probably had rated it at 4 stars, because for a walk up and order spot, this place is pretty pricey.I had the Classic salad, my wife had the cheesy pasta and both of my boys shared a small pizza.  With a couple of drinks the bill was $35.  The food was pretty tasty, but the pizza and pasta were pretty small.I felt like we over paid by about $9.  So I would return, but with a coupon.
5	the breakfast burritos are amazing.  at an italian restaurant?  yup!  i literally eat there every weekday!  they do one or two burritos- get two and share- it's only $1.50 more.The potatos are delicious- i get an egg, potato, bacon, ham and cheese burrito then walk over to starbucks for a coffee frapacino- the best breakfast combo ever!!  do not miss this place!  the line gets long on friday mornings but it moves really quickly.
4	There 2 burritos or wraps or whatever for 5 bucks is a really great deal, I almost always get it when I don't have breakfast with me. It's ham, egg, cheese and mushroom but I take it without the ham and one for the day I order and I eat the second the next morning leaving it at the fridge in the office...it's still really tasty.
5	Start your day here! Really it's that good :) Delivery is also available!
4	I've had a lot of good food here: breakfast burritos, sandwiches, salads, pasta. Never had a bad meal and everything is reasonably priced, especially for downtown. I recommend a half sandwich with side (pasta or salad). The half sandwich is really the size of a whole, plus you get variety with the pasta or salad. Best of both worlds.
4	This is my new breakfast go to.   They are open and ready at 6am.   I love the staff here bright and cheery at 6am is not easy.   Their  2 for $5 breakfast burritos are killer.  They are different as they are more like an omelette in a tortilla .   My next comment is to be taken with extreme caution!!!!    Their Brownies and cinnamon rolls are addictive.   I can take or leave brownies.   First they are huge and first bite is an explosion of brownie heaven.    If you are in the dog house with your wife;  forget the flowers!  Get her a brownie from this place and its a sure shot winner winner chicken dinner.    Their sandwiches are good also.
2	The food is good.  But i'm always missing something when from my order.  They always remember to charge for a side or something else but fail to include it.  This was the last time Im going here.  This has happened to many times.
3	got to try this place twice; once for breakfast and once for lunch. the food was good..but not sure if it was worth the price.breakfast - this was actually pretty cheap. ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito and a fruit cup. the burrito was good, a bit too salty though.  the fruit was surprisingly, really fresh!lunch- i spent like $20 one 1 sandwich, a side salad, and a tiny side of pasta. did not think it was really worth it. plus, if you're hitting the lunch rush, be prepared to wait. didnt think i'd have to wait 15 minutes for a sandwich, side salad and pasta. mind you, the salad and pasta were already pre-made.
3	Solid 3 star joint.  No complaints about the food - it is tasty but not impressive.  The meatball sandwich is just massive, pasta creamy and filling.  All Served cafeteria styleI really only have two issues with this place:1.  They close on the early side at 2pm and always seem to be out of something either pizza, bread, meatballs, pasta, etc.2. Seems to be a dollar or two pricier than a number of other available options for lunch in the area (ie. 9 or 10 dollars versus 6, 7 , 8 at other places).I'd come here more often but usually choose to save a couple bucks instead.Need to try their breakfast still.
4	My cousin rented this place out the day before yesterday for a dinner after her wedding rehearsal. It was magnificent. I spoke with the owner and she was very nice. The service was EXCELLENT. The food was very good and everyone had a great time. I tried many of their pizzas and their salad. The pizzas were being cooked fresh and nobody left hungry. The bride and groom were very pleased with presentation, service and a good time was had by all.I would like to say that parking downtown is difficult during sports events, so plan on parking in a paid lot or VERY far away during a game.I would highly recommend this place for any occasion. A special thanks to the owners for making this dinner so special for my family.
5	$11 for a "1/2 sandwich" (which was more like a while sandwich) & side pasta or salad.  Wide variety of both & quality was excellent.  Highly recommend for a local, non-chain lunch experience.
5	2 for $5 classic breakfast burrito with bacon, cannot beat that and they're so damn good. Great way to start off your morning. I've heard their lunch isn't half bad I'll have to check it out one of these days.
4	Love this place! my usual go to item is the pasta with vodkas sauce? i think thats what it is called! very nice employees! and i also like the pizza they serve. All pre made items.
1	Poor service! I asked them to grill the burrito. The lady at the counter said they did not have time to grill it! I told her I wasn't in a rush. She just looked at me unapologetic and simply said "we don't have time". You have lost my business, maybe that will give you some time.
3	Just had the Ricotta and it was pretty good. The lady who served my meal was extremely friendly but the woman who wrung me up seemed to be annoyed by my presence. Don't think I will be coming back
4	I love going to this place whenever I'm craving penne alla vodka it is probably one of the best pasta's I've ever had. I also love the focaccia bread that they use for all of their sandwiches. I haven't had a chance to check out their breakfast, but from what i read on the menu it seems like a pretty good deal. It is a little bit expensive, but it will fill you up.
4	Got the twin breakfast burrito and it was good! Little wait time at 10am and the staff was great. Cold water plus a good salsa! I would have like to try a different meat and not have to get an exact twin burro but I guess it's policy...
3	The FF is your typical downtown eatery, catering mostly to the local business crowd and tourists staying at nearby hotels.  We stopped in for breakfast a few times, but never had a chance to check out the lunch menu.Since we were in the Southwest, breakfast burritos seemed to be the way to go.  The twin burrito combination came filled with eggs, potatoes, cheese, and your choice of bacon or ham.  I asked if I could do one with ham and one with bacon, but was told that was only available with an upcharge.  Didn't really make sense to me, but okay.  The eggs are cooked fresh to order, and then the burritos are assembled.  You definitely get your money's worth, and the addition of one of the homemade salsas gives them just the right kick they need.On the second visit, I went with the toasted cheese and chorizo omelet.  I'm not really sure what toasted cheese is, and it was nowhere to be found in the omelet.  But what they served was a decent chorizo omelet topped with sprinkle cheese.  The side order of home fries were standard fare, and the addition of sausage patties a la carte was a smart choice.Overall it's a solid 3.5 stars.  Service is fast, efficient, and friendly, and the prices are reasonable.
5	This is the best...I MEAN the BEST "penne alla vodka" I have ever tasted!!!  I even had to wake up and sneek a few bits in the middle of the night.  The owners take great pride in there food.  We also had the pizza and a sandwhich followed by wonderful desserts.  We had to bring half home only to enjoy again that night for dinner.  If you are ever in this area, this is MUST place to eat.  I am getting hungry writing this!!!We look forward to bringing our friends and family in the future.  Lorin & Carrie
3	Service has improved quite a bit. This is one of the best breakfast burritos downtown. My suggestion: green chili beef with potatoes and cheese, if they aren't too busy they can grill the burrito for you.
4	Prior to me coming here, I would pass this place and scoff at their sidewalk board sign that claimed they served the "best breakfast burrito in downtown Phoenix". I mean seriously, it's an italian restaurant, so, why would they serve breakfast burritos?! Ok, I admit it, I was wrong and Focaccia Fiorentina's right they do serve the best breakfast burritos downtown. Get yourself the Twin Classic which are two burritos for $5. You get a choice of ham or bacon. The burrito isn't large but one burrito is satisfying enough but eating two wouldn't make you look greedy rather you'd be quite full, and could skip lunch. I usually get the Twin Classic with egg whites (no extra charge), I add spinach (dollar extra), no potatoes, and I get it with ham. The bacon is okay but the ham is yummy. Don't get there 15 minutes before 10:30 since they close up breakfast despite their sign saying they serve breakfast until 10:30 (it's a fib), anytime before that is fine and depending on the day expect a line because they're that good. Oh and avoid the coffee, One Coffee is across the street and worth it moreso than their pedestrian coffee that's no better than what's made in an office break room. Oh and the green salsa is worth it!
4	the grinders are delicious-baked till crispy. the pot pie pizza is unlike anything anywhere and good. the mediterranean bread is different and the hazelnut ice cream is a nice finish. place is too small-expect a wait. place has a piece of famous AZ  history-read about on the menu.
