4	This is a new hidden gem in Spring Valley.  Located on Ft. Apache and Tropicana.  Next door to the Tropical Smoothie.  1st I am happy to have a Boba Tea so close to home, but the most exciting part is that they make asian flavor ice creams...YEAH!  Black Sesame, Green Tea, Red Bean, Lychee, Ginger (Yes Ginger!), Taro, Mango, and Durian (OH MY!). The best part is that they are all homemade in the shop.  He also carries regular ice cream Chocolate, Cappuccino (which was sold out, so it must be good), Coconut...a good handful of others that will take too long to list.The owner was really nice and friendly...he basically let me taste every flavor with no fuss.  He went over his favorites and you could sense his passion in describing the ice cream he creates.  My favorites:-Ginger:  If you have never had ginger ice cream you really have been missing out.  The ice cream has chunks of ginger candy.-Black Sesame:  For those who have had chinese black sesame desserts...then you know.-Peanut Butter:  Not too rich.  Just enough PB-Black Raspberry:  Had a very light yet strong flavor-Taro:  he said that the batch he made was not his best.  If that is not his best I can't wait for a good batch. =)Two flavors he was out of - Cappuccino and the Rum Raisin - I guess they are a favorite and will have to go back to try.I did not even get to the Boba Tea's, so i will have to try them next time.  I really just went to try the ice cream.It appears from the business card that they have a stamp card - 5 get one free.  I'm not sure since he didn't offer and I didn't notice it until I got home.  Supposedly a couple restaurants in town use his ice cream.  If you have a chance i would suggest to go check this place out and support our local businesses.
5	This is semi new, they've been open for at least the last month or so. But it seems no one has really come out and checked it out. It's located on Ft. Apache and Tropicana to the left of Tropical Smoothie or Mashisoyo. The sign says "Grand Opening Homemade Ice cream and Boba", it doesn't have a name on the signs yet so it's hard to see it. All the ice creams are all homemade and made right there in the shop. The prices are not bad at all, for a single scoop it is $2.50, double scoop $3.50, and every extra scoop is another $1. They have many flavors, if you look at my picture you can sort of see the menu (I'll update a little later). The Asian flavors are what stuck out to me the most. They allow free sampling of the flavors, so yes I did try them all and actually liked all of them. One flavor that's not on the menu itself is Durian, but if you ask for it, they'll give it to you. Now this was the first time I ever had Durian, and it was delicious (now I have to try the actual fruit). I've heard it was either a hit or miss with Durian as some people really hate it or really love it. The flavors aren't imitation which you can easily tell after taking a bite into it. I haven't tried the Vegan ice cream yet, but it's non-dairy and it's worth a shot if you're lactose intolerant or vegan. They have waffle cones / bowls which is only an additional 50cents!They have milk tea, slush, and hot tea which all the prices are very fair.They have a stamp card for the boba drinks buy 5 get one 1.I'm not going to take off for service, but I've had some bad run-in's with their service. Owner going on vacation and they close, but when asked for a return date, they either don't know or give me the wrong date. As I love the ice cream I came back several times when they said they were going to be open, to bring my mother who is visiting from out of the country, and they weren't open or were rude. The owner while he was working did not acknowledge me at all while in the store, only acknowledged my friend, which was rather rude. But I'm willing to give him another shot. If I based this review off of service I would only give them 1 star as it was a major disappointment. But alas, the ice cream is well worth it to me.
4	Killer Chocolate was a yummy flavor. Good for chocolate fans.They have durian.. beware, unless you're a durian fan, of course.Didn't have any taro when we went. No other ice cream flavors stood out to me but my friend did like ginger & pumpkin. I wanted to try their milk shakes but the owner was out of town and their employees didn't know how to make them yet. I was sad about that but next time I'll be back for it :). They were nice to let us try all the different ice cream flavors to see what we liked best.Didn't get to try their boba on my first visit but they do have boba stamp cards (buy 5 get 1 free). Better than the other ones out there right now ;) (stamp-card wise).I did get their killer chocolate waffle cone ($0.50 for the waffle) and $2.50 for the one scoop of ice cream. Definitely needed water for that.You can also get boba with ice cream in it.. and that looked pretty interesting. Might try that next time.. after I get my killer chocolate milk shake :D.
4	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!I love Asian-flavored ice cream, like green tea, red bean, and black sesame. But my favorite was their mango flavor. I think their ice cream is homemade which is always a plus. Now back to the mango flavor, I think they use Asian mangoes since it definitely tasted like mango ice cream from the Philippines. I'm not a fan of the red mangoes you get here in the U.S. it's so bitter compared to Asian mangoes, sorry. Also, I'm VERY picky when it comes to fruit-flavored anything. I hate, hate, hate artificial fruit flavoring! So I can tell if places use fresh or artificial, and Perfect Scoop uses fresh fruits (and fresh ingredients in general). I have not tried their "non-Asian" flavors but after reading other reviews I'll definitely give them a try. Oh! And the most important thing (to me at least) is that they don't skimp on the scoop serving. I ordered two scoops for $3+ and it was huge, enough to fill me up that I didn't even need to eat dinner that night haha. I'm kinda sad I found this place because I'll definitely come here often that I'll need to start going to the gym to burn excess calories awaaay~ Just a heads up, since they do make their own ice cream they usually run out of certain flavors later in the day so do take that into consideration before getting mad and giving them a bad review just for a superficial reason. They were closed the first time I drove there and had to wait til the holiday weekend was over, but that did not stop me from going back and trying their ice cream.
5	I love all the Asian Flavors that they have, especially Durian ice cream! Their ice cream is freshly made at the store and the owners are exceptionally friendly. They offer samples and do not get annoyed when you want to try multiple samples. In addition to all their wide variety of flavors, they are also one of the few places that offer vegan ice cream too! Currently they have vegan vanilla, chocolate, and mango. They are open to making more flavors if there is a demand for them. I love supporting our local small businesses! =D
5	Putting aside the fact that when i first went, they had some bad impressions (owner on vacation, closed shop for over a week, no ingredients to make ice cream to replenish stock, etc). If i based the review on that only, i'd probably give them 1-2 stars. But i gave them many chances to recover.Located on the SW corner of Tropicana and Ft Apache, next door to Tropical Smoothie (take note the address from yelp, on more than one occassion, has led the person to the area down the street). Easy way to get to this place would be turning right at the Hobby Lobby sign on Ft apache, and then taking a left. I had first heard about this place from a friend, saying they had durian ice cream. i was ecstatic to hear this news and been waiting a LONG time to try this place. There are 3 different "areas" of ice cream. First is the normal type containing like chocolate, banana chocolate, pistachio, etc. Second is the asian type containing green tea, lychee, taro, black sesame, ginger, mango, durian, and guava. Last but not least, something catered to the lactose intolerant, 100% non-dairy ice cream, with flavors of i believe vanilla, chocolate, and mango? All the ice cream is made by the owner himself, Peter Wong. He lets you try as many flavors as you want, and he gives you a decent amount (way more than other places for samples). Something good to note is all the ice creams are not overly sweet. They are sweet but very fragrant. All of the ice cream are soft, and very smooth. I've tried most of the asian flavors, including some of the normal, and one of the non-dairy style. Starting by my favorite type, asian flavors ! My least favorite is probably the ginger. There is a slight spice from the ginger that you can taste. Nothing spicy but its like a subtle but noticeable spice. The taro is one of the lighter ones as well. Fragrant , light, with very small taro bits. No artificial coloring (not deep purple like you see in stores, but like very very light purple).The mango and lychee are nice. Sweeter, but fragrant depending on the fruit. The guava (new) is nice. Really fragrant, not too sweet. Out of the "ordinary" asian flavored ice cream. The last two is black sesame and durian (so i just noticed ive never tried green tea... hmm) first the black sesame. Made with actual ground black sesame. VERY fragrant. Slightly sweet. Its like the ice cream version of the hot black sesame soup dessert. i love it ! And last but not least, durian. BE WARNED. this is one of the asian fruits where you either will love it, or hate it. It has a very distinct flavor and smell. This is my favorite, along with the black sesame. the durian has a light yellow color. Gives off the actual durian fragrance that you'd expect from the fruit. Same for the taste as well. Very fragrant, slightly sweet. As for the normal flavors, i havent had the chance to try yet, ive been stuck on the asian flavors, but when i visited today, Peter let me try a new creation of his, which was the banana chocolate chip. He said its made with real bananas ! this flavor was really fragrant in terms of the banana. not too sweet either. Honestly, almost rather prefer it without the chocolate chip. the chocolate chip makes it kind of weird? Now last but not least, something a lot of places dont offer. 100% non-dairy ice cream. When i had first visited this place, my uncle was complaining about not being able to try any because of his lactose intolerance. Luckily, Peter just created (that day..) something new. 100% non dairy ice cream. My uncle was super happy. Peter was very careful, made sure to not use a scoop that was prior used in the other ice creams. As i had said earlier, there was 3 flavors he had made. When he was getting a sample for my uncle, he said the ice cream was made earlier, and has not completely set yet, but because its been maybe 1-2 hours since freezing process started, there are some areas he was able to get that was solidified. I forgot which flavor was tasted but the texture and flavor was good. Of course its not as fragrant as if using normal dairy products, but it was still good for what it is. Flavorful, semi sweet, and of course, smooth. Highly recommended place for ice cream. Prices are very good as well.Starting at $2.50 for 1 scoop up to $5.50 for 4 scoops. They aren't small scoops either ! :D
5	It took two attempts to come out here before I was able to try Perfect Scoop. Give them a call before you head over. Besides the after school crowd, their business is not steady throughout the rest of the day and they tend to close early. The second note; they make all of their ice creams fresh and will run out of the fun ones. I had my heart set on durian or black sesame, but both flavors were out. Instead my sister and I shared the pink guava and lychee. Both these light and sweet fruits complimented each other well. We ended up taking a little of both in each bite. If a bolder flavor was paired with either, their subtle characteristics would have been masked.All of their flavors are made in house with no added colors or preservatives. The scoops are generous. The staff are warm and gracious. All of these components made the disappointment of not getting what I came for bearable. Just call ahead of time to see if they are open and fully stocked.
5	So I'm going to tell you exactly why I gave this place 5 stars.1star: Customer service. The filipino lady working here is pretty awesome. I came in with 3 other friends and of course we asked for samples. :P She pretty much gave us a scoop of all the flavors that we wanted to try. Honestly, we could've had our fill from just the samples but they were just too freakin good. She was patient and took the time to chat with us which I really appreciated.2star: Flavors. This is no ordinary ice cream shop with your typical vanilla chocolate.. its EXOTIC. By exotic I mean, pink guava, black sesame, durian, taro, lychee, mango, green tea, etc etc. No where else in the Las Vegas valley have I found these flavors at an ice cream shop. ANNNNNDDD all are hand made by the owner. What I liked most about it was that all the flavors weren't overly sweet.. you mainly got the flavor. 3star: Price. Cheap cheap cheap. 1 scoop was about $2.50 and the prices go up from there. They also offer waffle bowls and other toppings and you can also get a pint to take home for less than $5 bucks. Thats freakin awesome.4star: Atmosphere. Though the shop is small, there are table and chairs. The lady honestly didn't mind us sitting for half an hour just chatting. In fact, she even came and chatted with us. I can definitely see this as a hang out spot to meet with friends over some ice cream and boba. Especially during the summer time. 5star: Just because I feel like it. They are great!!!Please don't let this place die!! This ice cream shop needs to stay open forever!!!** My favorite was the black sesame
3	This place is a hit or miss.  When it hits, it's amazing.  Their flavors taste amazing.  The ice cream is creamy and smooth.  I love the lychee and the pink guava flavor.  They have sizes from one scoop to five scoop with those prices ranging from $2.50- $5.50. They sell a pint for $4.50 and a quart for $8.  You can mix and match flavors if you choose.  you can add a waffle for $.50 more.  They also have various regular flavors like chocolate, butter pecan and ect.  They also have boba drinks, but I'm not really interested in them. They also serve vegan ice cream made without any milk or cream. They make it with soy, I think.  They have vanilla and mango and something else. The miss- they never have any of the flavors I want.  The past three times I went there, they didn't have Durian, Mango, or Red Bean.  They constantly run out of the flavors that I want to eat.  The owner told me that he'd be making more on Tuesday, but when I went today the other worker told me it'd be ready, hopefully on Thursday.  Their customer service is amazing. Their ice cream is delicious, but they keep running out of flavors I want.
5	The best black sesame ice cream ever. I had a scoop there and wanted a pint to go. Unfortunately there was only enough for one more scoop. So I took it.
5	This place is amazing! One of the best impressions of a place from the beginning.The lady that works there is so nice and even opened the place early (an hour before it was supposed to open) when we were waiting outside to realize that it wasn't opened yet. In addition, she gives samples if you ask to try. And she doesn't gip you off the samples either. She lets you try what you want and is very patient and welcoming. The Asian flavors are so unique! Probably the only place I know that makes such interesting flavors from durian, pink guava, black sesame, green tea, lychee, mango, red bean, ginger to taro. What is even more special is that the lady that works there along with her business partner make the ice cream themselves. You can definitely taste the different of homemade ice cream.The price is really good deal for the portion. One scoop is 2.50, two scoops 3.50, and a pint for 4.50. I generally am against having anything durian due to its smell. However, if you get past the first 'impression' of the durian ice cream, it is really good. It has the durian ice cream with a mix of vanilla ice cream I think. I had tried it during the sample, and decided order it as one of the scoops of two.Black sesame is by far my favorite there. If you have had the Chinese sesame balls in sweet soup, it taste exactly like that except in cold form. It is creamy and not too sweet like other ice creams. And if you are person who likes ginger candy or like the taste of ginger, ginger flavor is definitely a must-try. It does have a strong ginger flavor like durian ice cream, however, if you can get past that first impression, it has a rather soothing aftertaste.Also, if you are a person who doesn't want to try the Asian exotic flavors, they do have many other flavors to try.Furthermore, this place is really cozy and the owner was willing to let us hang out there and catch up with friends. The lady that worked there even came up to us at one point to chat with us. Last but not least, this place is not just for ice cream. They do sell various drinks as well. Definitely will come and try other flavors here again.
5	Who eats ice cream in the dead of a Vegas winter? I do and I'll keep coming back for more, all year round. Props to Mr. Wong for making such delicious ice cream flavors with fresh ingredients, especially the Asian ones! Love that they have the typical green tea, lychee, mango, taro, and red bean, but the ones that stand out is the black sesame, ginger, and the infamous durian. Coming from someone who almost kicked a friend out of the car for drinking a fresh durian smoothie, I have to say that their durian flavor is the only exception I'd make for the spiky, smelly fruit.Their prices are so reasonable given the small mountain of ice cream they give you! Dishing out the $3.50 for two huge scoops is a bargain, given how they make the ice cream in house. You could get a pint here for $4.50, and it'd be better than the stuff at the Asian markets.The Filipina lady seriously reminds me of my mom (in a good way, I promise). Friendly, generous, and personable! She served up a sample equivalent to a whole scoop of all the requested flavors for my three friends and I to split. Not only that, but she was genuinely interested in getting to know us too. Almost felt like I was at home there. How often does that happen these days?You might get brain freeze while enjoying their cheap, chilly treats, but trust me, you won't get the cold shoulder here.
5	Finally tried their "non-Asian" flavors and Perfect Scoop is still pretty solid. Tried Killer Chocolate and Espresso during my second visit and damn, it's freakin' frackin' good! I'm itching to come back and try their ginger flavor. I don't even care if it's 40-30 degrees out, the cold won't stop me from devouring their ice cream. I know they offer other stuff like boba drinks, but for now I plan on trying all of their ice cream flavors. I'm glad a business like this exists here in the valley. I love privately-owned establishments compared to chains. The attention to detail and quality is definitely better. The Filipina lady is charming and very accommodating. Just like Jaimie Y said, she reminds you of that aunt (or in her case, her mother) that is willing to feed you whenever you come to visit or something. NOT TO MENTION THEY HAVE VEGAN ICE CREAM!! I'm not strictly on a vegan diet but this option is quite nice.
5	I got to try a lot of different flavors as I kept going back, I tried all their Asian flavors, I'm not a fan of the ginger it's a little spicy and not what I expect from ice cream, but they added ginger candy into the ice cream which has a nice flavor. The taro was light, I couldn't really taste much of the taro in it, but it was still good and fragrant. The guava was good too, it was made from pink guava, really light in color, but really good, I loved it enough to take some home. The green tea is good too, tastes a lot better then the ones you find in other stores or prepackaged ones, tastes just like the ones I find in Japan. Black sesame is sweeter then the rest, at least to me it is but it's still really good. The regular flavors I've tried a bunch of them and they're all good, not so sweet as I would find american ice cream to be, but there is still a sweet sense to them all. One that stood out was the banana chocolate chip, but I don't like the added chocolate chip to the banana ice cream, but it's still good. I would actually like to see just banana ice cream by itself.
5	This place is hidden away on tropicana and ft apache right next to tropical smoothie and nagoya sushi.  I'm glad that there is a boba and ice cream place to so close to my house.  I went to try their boba which was really good, but also found out that they have VEGAN ice cream.  I appreciate how the ice cream is freshly made and they had 3 vegan flavors: chocolate, vanilla, and mango.  The lady gave me a free sample of all 3 flavors and it was delicious.  I'm definitely going back for more vegan ice cream.  They also cater to non vegans...hey have regular ice cream as well.My friend loves the taro ice cream.  She also sampled the sesame, durian, mint chocolate chip..she loves it all, haha.  Next time she comes back, she will try the ginger.I went back for a second time and talked to the owner.  He said that he is considering making more vegan ice cream flavors!!  I told him that it's a great idea.  My friend order a milkshake, but she is lactose intolerant and asked if they could make her milkshake with almond milk.. and they did. The owner is very nice and very understanding of the vegan lifestyle.  :)I would really love to see this place make it.  The owner  very passionate about making fresh, homemade ice cream.  This is one of the best, if only, vegan ice creams!!!
1	I've been reading yelp for two years now and it's been our guide on picking restaurants and what have you. I trusted the review 90% of the time w/c is pretty good. My personal experience with this establishment yesterday was unpleasant. Walked in yesterday late afternoon to try this place and there's a family on one table enjoying their ice cream and two Chinese female in their early twenties who wear a hoochie mama type of clothing ahead of me ordering.  The Chinese dude in his 50's taking orders is somewhat extra nice to these 2, which is fine, suggesting to sample all the diff type of ice cream. When female one ordered, he asked female 2 about what she wants and she said she didn't want any. The Chinese counter guy said " oh u should've tasted more free samples while u were waiting"..., my point is when it was our turn, my daughter tried one flavor of ice cream and when she wants to try another flavor, the guy had this annoyed look and said " I can let her try another flavor but I need to scoop the ice cream & drop it to to her "USED PLASTIC SPOON".... What a rude ass!  He said its a waste to give my daughter a new spoon! That's the 1st reasons why they scored one.2nd - while he's about to do my Boba, the family who's about to leave decided to order some soda, the bastard stop and took their freaking order. Not sure if I have the look of a PUSH OVER, but I know my face doesn't look friendly anymore.Last, the register broke. The dude was now clueless on what to do so the family who were paying for the soda helped him to figure out what they owe.After 20 minutes of hell and mistreatment, he can probably tell I'm about to explode and let him have it.... He gave me a scoop of ice cream to top my Boba for the inconvenience and I can tell from his face, he don't really wants to do this.To be honest, the wait doesn't bother me but the fact that this perv was ALL nice and giddy to these young hoochie female and he wants us to re use our freaking plastic spoon the it's reason of the 1 star. Their Boba by the way is just 2 stars. I'd rather go to Cefiore down the road or better yet, Fresh cup in chinatown. Btw.... The red bean Boba is so bad..we drove straight to Human Bean and got Snowy Mocha instead. I know it's not Boba but were almost home so I got coffee instead.
5	Wow, so impressed!Generally, I'm not a sweets person.  And I'm definitely not an ice cream person.  But, this place may convert me.Perfect Scoop, in my opinion, has the best ice cream in town.  It isn't cloyingly sweet and comes in "exotic" flavors.   Black sesame (nutty, smoky, and delicious), Ginger (spicy, sweet, and chewy), Lychee (light, fruity, and refreshing) and Durian (creamy yet smelling like dirty feet) are among the more unique flavor choices.   Of the Asian flavors, black sesame, ginger, and red bean are my favorite (so far).If you're not in the mood for the Asian flavors, they also have quite a few traditional flavors like "Killer Chocolate" and a really, really good Pineapple Coconut.  And, they even have a small selection of vegan ice cream flavors.  Everybody wins!It's $2.50 for one scoop, $3.50 for 2 scoops, and $4.50 for a pint.  They also have boba drinks.
5	The owner of this ice cream shop is genuinely nice. He gives excellent customer service and he is very passionate about his healthy homemade ice cream. I have tried both the vegan and non-vegan ice cream. I like everything from chocolate, taro, mint chocolate chip, mango, pistachio, and pineapple coconut. I need to go back and try his Asian and other variety of flavors.  His ice cream I healthy and the flavors are perfect. It's not too sweet and it tastes so natural.  You should definitely give it a try! You won't be disappointed.
5	My friend and I are ice cream addicts, so we were excited to try a new place, and I'm so glad that Yelp featured this hidden gem in the weekly round-up! The family that owns this shop is super friendly and welcoming. We were there pretty soon after they opened, and they were more than happy to talk about the different flavors and hand out samples.Sadly, on the night we went they were out of red bean (my favorite), but the green tea was awesome! I also tried the banana with chocolate chunks, and it was by far the best banana ice cream I've ever tried. It's amazing how good something can be when you use the actual product (i.e., fresh bananas) instead of substitutes (i.e., artificial flavoring).I also sampled the black sesame which was really interesting, but in a great way. Overall I'm looking forward to going back the next time my friend and I need to satisfy the ice cream monkey on our backs!
5	I dont really care for sweets very much unless the mood strikes. Just wanna throw that out there, I am not a sweet tooth kind of person.So i get a text from a few buddies asking if i wanted to meet them up for dinner. unfortunately i was at work but told them to keep me updated until i got off an hour later. Hour and some time later i get a text telling me they're at Perfect Scoop. Wow...really? it's friggin freezing outside wtih water turning into ice and you guys are eating ice cream...Ok why not i havent seen some people since i started working. Hop on the bike (Kawai EX250) and ride from Paradise to Fort Apache and WOW it's friggin cold. FINALLY get to Perfect scoop and get a chance to sit down and talk.After a few jokes and laughs i get thirsty and wanted a drink but it seems the staff, seems family owned, were sitting down for dinner and i didnt want to hassle them so i asked how much fountain drinks were. They told me not to worry about them and interrupting their evening meal and to order what ever it was i wanted. Looked up and down the menu for drinks and despite it being freezing outside i opted for a cold drink instead of a hot one so i could just chug it and be ready to ride home in a few seeing as i had work the next day. Mango Iced Tea it was. What arrived was a nice sized, thinking 18ounces, clear plastic cup of iced tea. Wow this stuff was good. After the initial tip for taste test i gulped half the damn cup down. Forget what you think you know with mango flavored iced teas from lipton or brisk this stuff is even better! tasted like real mangos were used in the brewing process and wasnt too sweet but enough to let you know it was there.We also got comped two flavors: Pistachio and Mint Chocolate chip. When our server told us the flavors i was left kind of dumbstruck. Didnt get a chance to look at the flavors in the display because i wasnt in the mood for ice cream seeing as on the bike i was seconds away from becoming a Popsicle myself. Both flavors are suppose to be freakishly unnatural green but they were white and completely indistinguishable from either flavor. The pistachio was and still is quite possibly the BEST pistachio flavored ice cream i've ever had. lots of chunks of pistachios in them but the flavor was smooth and natural tasting. Like the tea it was subtle in sweetness but not overpowering. The mint chocolate chip was the same way but didnt have a lot of chocolate chips in it. In the end i completely murdered the pistachio but left half the mint choco-chip behind.Definately marking this place a 'Must Go To' when the summer hitsYelp 100 - 001 of 100
3	Not your typical ice cream parlor, as this one features Asian flavors (i.e., Durian, Ginger and Black Sesame) and vegan-friendly ice cream alternatives that attract our vegan friends from all over Las Vegas.  I have never had vegan ice cream before, and after trying the regular Lychee ice cream then sampling the vegan version, I concluded that I enjoyed the creaminess of the vegan variety more.The business owner makes ice cream in small batches on site, and also supplies some of the local restaurants in Las Vegas.  Waffle cones are also made on-site, so it will be a lot fresher than probably 90% of the other ice cream shops in the entire 89XXX valley. Aside from ice cream, you can get your boba tea fix here as well.  Call ahead, if you are planning on heading over here during the later part of the day.
4	The choices for the Asia flavors are good. The ice cream is delicious and the waffle cone are freshly made. Good customer service Peter! Will be back for more when we visit Vegas.
4	I am a ice cream fanatic and this place is something I was hoping to find. Nevermind it was freezing outside, I came after dinner anyways with Yelperazzi David and Anthony and Tien came later. David and I shared a treat. The durian is funky, but good. The taro is very light and not that strong powdery flavor we associate with taro through boba tea, but maybe was too subtle to pair with our other strong flavored choices. Ginger is lovely and zingy and I like the crystallized ginger chunks in it. There wasn't enough for black sesame but he scraped the empty jug so we can have a bite and it's that nice earthy flavor that I love. Ice cream here is natural which is a huge plus. No crazy neon colors  - everything is it's own natural color.  "Weird" flavors is something that makes me very happy. Nothing better to me than Asian flavors as they're all a bit savory sweet which is one of my favorite food combinations. There is pulp and pieces but the ice cream is very creamy and velvety. We got it in a waffle cup because as we were coming in they were fresh making them! I think the prices are great as that generous shebang was under $5.This is a family run place. We were sitting there for a while and the guy who I assume is the owner also gave us some tea and gave Tien ice cream for being polite and generous of a tipper and gave us hot tea while we chatted. I love local businesses and this one is definitely one to support. They are sweet and the product is made with love and delicious. I can see myself bugging the boyfriend to go across town for ice cream. This place is worth it.(Yelp 100 Challenge 22/100)
5	Man oh man, do I wish this place was closer to where I lived. But, I guess it's a good thing that it's far, because i'd probably be in there almost daily getting me some ice cream. Had the mango and lychee ice cream so far. I keep wanting to try the other flavors, but the freaking lychee one is so good. I love that this place serves nontraditional ice cream flavors. I grew up eating asian ice cream, so american ice cream flavors never really satisfied my ice creem cravings. I wish she had cheese and corn ice cream, that'd be amazing. Yeah, yeah, that probably sounds pretty disgusting to many of you. I get weird looks every time someone asks me what my favorite flavor of ice cream is, and I respond with that. But, if you're Filipino, you know what I'm talking about ! But, enough with that side story. i've yet to try the boba yet. I love barley milk tea, and i was excited to see it on the menu there. But when I asked for it, she didn't have any in stock yet. So hopefully, next time I'm in, she'll have some.
3	3.5 starsI really wanted to LOVE this place but I just wasn't feeling it. I think it started off with I just wanted the lychee ice cream. He said they were basically out but then he showed me there was a little left. Then he told mr all of the other Asian favors like red bean or green tea was out. I told him I just wanted one scoop but somehow I got suckered into two scoops. I told him mango please but he was trying to sell me the durian flavor! No thanks,I'm not a huge ice cream eater. Less than a scoop is generally plenty for me. I mean when I go to self serve yogurt places I fill up a quarter of the container if even. The Lychee flavor was pretty good wish it had chunks of lychee in it (maybe it did but since I got the last scrapes I don't know) and the mango was just alright. I'm not in LOVE with this place but its decent if I don't get suckered into spending 3 bucks for 2 scoops! PS. I did get s boba milk tea here once and the boba was tough! Wish it was better because I love bobs but maybe I'll try it again one day.
5	I tried the taro and green tea ice cream and both were amazing.PLUS they have vegan ice cream too!  My kiddo loved the chocolate ice cream.  Plus they have bits of Veg Out goodies inside some of their Vegan ice cream so it's a win win all around.The owners are sweet too.
5	Hello delicious!!I was won over simply by the fact that they offer vegan flavors! Better still, their ice cream is homemade and simply delicious. I've been their twice in the past week despite the fact that it is a bit of a drive from my house. My first time there I tried the vegan chocolate with vegan chocolate chip cookie (not sure what the actual flavor name is). Holy moly! I have had a number of different vegan ice creams in similar flavors (chocolate chip cookie, chocolate cookie dough...etc) and NONE are as creamy as this one. The chocolate ice cream is rich, creamy and delectable. The cookie is soft, rich and made locally by VegOut.On my second trip I had the vegan chocolate (sans cookie). Again, incredibly rich and delicious. The guy ordered pistachio and mint chocolate chip our first trip and butter pecan and rocky road the second time (none vegan). He LOVED each flavor!The owner is incredibly sociable, friendly and chatty. He is ready to make a recommendation and even suggest flavor pairings. The shop is little (about four sets of tables if I remember correctly) and super tidy. They also serve boba drinks, which I'll have to try one of these times. I would recommend going earlier as opposed to later if you really want to get their full variety (especially vegan), as the their flavors seem to be a bit more limited towards the end of the day as they run out. Overall, they have made one girls super happy!
4	This place is pretty new, the owners are friendly and helpful. They have a lot of asian flavored ice cream homemade from fresh ingredients. The lychee was delicious! I wanted to try the taro, but sadly they were out. I had the taro slush instead. The taro flavor was very good, but the boba was a little too chewy. The prices are also inexpensive. I'll definitely be back and will try the taro ice cream!
5	FINALLY met the owner! He's VERY nice and is always open to suggestions :). Very flexible and kind.I haven't really had their boba milk tea much, but the ice cream is particularly good. Peter's got good service and he's always open to any alternatives that you may want with your order.Place isn't too big with just about 3-4 tables or so. He's got a stamp card where you only have to get 5 drinks instead of the regular 10 that most boba places have.Try their ice cream and ask for suggestions depending on what you typically like! He'll accommodate you, for sure! :]Come & support your fellow local businesses!
4	I never have very high hopes when it comes to Boba tea places (seems they are all the same where I used to come from in md) but I came here with a free ice cream cone and $2 dollar off purchase coupon from the papers so why not give it a try? I was pleasantly surprised.  The family owned place had a large variety of drinks and ice creams.  Got to try free samples of the different flavors and even asian flavors which were all excellent!  The asian flavors such as lychee, taro, and green tea were very unique and not seen before.  The owner seemed very helpful to recommend different flavors and combos and receptive to his customers.  Very nice family and I would come again (even minus without a coupon).  I want to try a boba tea next time I go.
5	Vegans, this is your ice cream shop. I highly recommend the vegan chocolate & vegan avocado ice cream. Much healthier & so delicious. The ice cream is homemade & the drinks are great. The black sesame slush is amazing.  Come support a local family shop that actually has healthier options.
5	There's a party in my tummy... So yummy, so yummy!  Happened upon this gem based on a recommendation from a friend.  Walked in to a tiny shop that smelled DELICIOUS! The owners wife was making a waffle cone, testing out a new flavor.  They had a large selection of the usual flavors of ice cream, plus some Asian flavors, plus VEGAN flavors... All in addition to smoothies, teas, and milk shakes.  I had the vegan chocolate ice cream with peanut butter and vegan cookie pieces.... I'm not usually a fan of chocolate ice cream but this was just fantastic and super creamy.. The best ice cream I've had in a long time.   I also tasted a few non vegan flavors (mint coco chip, avocado... Yes I said avocado, and green tea) all also really good.  Everything here is home made, and you can taste it! The owner was super friendly.. He offered us some hot Jasmine green tea, free of charge.  I can't have caffeine, but my husband said it was delicious.  The owner gave me a cup of almond milk... Such a sweet guy!This is a quality small business worth supporting.. Check them out!
5	Man I haven't given a 5 stars to any place in a while so it feels really good to be able to dish one out here.I'm sure not if everyone will like it but, DURIAN ICE CREAM.  ITS SOO GOOD and I dont think any other place in Las Vegas sells it.  That and the black sesame alone already won my heart over before I even tried it.  The owner is really cool and I wish him the best of luck.
5	The owner is extremely hospitable and helpful. Made sure we tasted all we were interested in before finalizing our selection. He offers a variety of vegan flavors made of hemp & almond milk, some with soy milk. Impressive selection of Asian flavors including durian, red bean, black sesame, and my personal favorite, taro & lychee. He has vegan ice cream featuring brownies from a local business called "veg out", (another amazing gem). He offers regular ice cream for the traditionalists too! To top all of this goodness, they offer boba teas and milk teas.. Again for non-dairy goers, he can replace any of the milk in the milk teas with almond or soy. Go in and get "the perfect scoop" and leave with a perfect smile! :-)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE.It's so hard for me to find a consistent boba place especially because I come from Southern California where boba is pretty abundant. Now I live in Summerlin so traveling to China Town or Town Center Square for Tapioca Express is just way too far. I have been going there almost once a week to get me my boba fixing. The gentleman who owes the store is very nice and very helpful. He actually recognizes me now. I am not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing....I came in for a lavender milk tea with regular boba and I came out with my order plus a sample spoon of the black sesame seed ice cream. You can really taste the flavor, and it actually tastes real. There is no processed flavor at all. My only criticize would be that I got mini bobas one time when I asked for regular bobas. Everyone makes mistakes so I can't drop my score just for one incident. One tip is that if you are on lunch break and don't have a lot of time like me, then just call in your order. It will be ready by the time you get there.
4	When we first came here I must admit I was getting a bit agitated because the owner seemed so preoccupied with the 2 parties that had already paid and had their ice cream so it felt like he was just ignoring us but I later realized it's just because he really enjoys talking to his customers and likes to get their feedback and make sure they are satisfied.. LOL Any who I don't really have a huge sweet tooth but I wanted to try all the interesting flavors all these Yelpers had been yelping out. I sampled the Durian and it was a bit too sweet for me and so I decided on getting just a single scoop of Black Sesame.. It's like a mix of vanilla and mild peanut butter or actually it tastes exactly like those Asian sesame candies I used to eat when I was younger.. It was pretty good and I shared that with my mom.. She loved it and wants to come back to get the Black Sesame in milk tea form haha.. We also tried the Red Bean Boba which was pretty good. We asked if they had Green Bean Boba and they didn't so the owner wrote it down so he could remember to get it for next time.. SWEET~!!!Hot Tip: If you get boba don't forget to get a stamp card ;]]]
4	I recently heard about The Perfect Scoop & Boba tea, which is right around the corner from my office, so I stopped in today at lunch time to try the Boba.  When I walked in, the Wong family had clearly just arrived and opened the door.  Peter Wong apologized that they had just opened and wasn't sure they would be able to serve me but what did I want.  I ordered the boba milk tea, and they said the tea was being made and would be ready in 5 minutes if I wanted to wait.  I am glad I waited.  He made my serving of milk tea from scratch, nothing pre-made, and used the small boba, which was the perfect texture, with just a hint of chewiness in the middle.  The tea was strong and sweet without too much ice.  I already want another one!!!  Next time, I plan to try some ice cream!
5	Wow I can't believe I live down the street from this place and never stopped in before! Best ice cream I have ever tasted in my life & TRUST ME.. I have tasted a lot =) First time there so I haven't had the chance to try all the flavors. Black Sesame & Pink Guava is a must have!!! The texture of the ice cream is so smooth and perfect! The other great thing about this place is the owner. He is very personable and enjoys educating his customers on all his homemade ice creams! Homemade ice creams with no artificial ingredients? How awesome is that!?
5	Great place for ice cream and boba. Owners are very friendly and always give excellent customer service.
5	Homemade ice cream for everyone! They have 3 cases: regular, asian and vegan (dairy free) ice cream. Any of it can be made into shakes.Great vibe, plenty of space inside to eat and a few chairs outside.I make it a point to stop here when I'm in the area (lots of big stores, cleaners, etc) and each time the second scoop flavor I tried on a whim has been better than the one I was excited about trying. For instance, vegan chocolate peanut butter cup was (duh) amazing, but the vanilla was the best ever. There was a really subtle flavor--so good! And I was a little worried about lychee being overpowering (I get it as a fruit topping at froyo places and it can be harsh) but it was delicious, mild and fluffy!The family that runs the shop is great. I hope they do big business in the summer (they aren't too far from the new Wet n Wild water park opening soon) because they deserve your money way more than crappy fast food shakes nearby!
4	Finally made it here!  I knew I had to sample the Durian after reading comments about how it smells funny but tastes good--they were right.  I also sampled the Black Sesame and liked that even more than the Durian.  Ultimately, I had a scoop of the Black Sesame and a scoop of Banana Chocolate chip in a waffle bowl, all for $5.  The scoops are a nice size, too.  The owner told us how he had a shop in New Jersey for the longest time but moved to Vegas for the better weather--lucky us!  Next time I'll try the boba.
4	Desserts is stressed spelled backwards.After a long stressful day at work, desserts is the best cure.  After a great meal at a restaurant as fantastic as Yonaka's, desserts is a bonus.  You can say that I had the best of both worlds with my most recent visit to the Perfect Scoop and Boba Tea.  As soon as I walked in, I'm greeted with a menu making me decide whether I get ice cream or boba.  How about both?  So, I asked the owner if anyone gets ice cream with boba as a topping.  He replied "Yes, only if you're young".  I thought that his response was hilarious, but at the same time not sure if he was implying I was young or old.  It didn't matter because I decided on getting ice cream with boba anyway.  I opted for a scoop of Butter Pecan, a scoop of Cappuccino, and topped it with Boba.  All of this was served in a green tea waffle bowl.  The ice cream is homemade here and it was simply delicious.  I love the taste of Butter Pecan ice cream combined with the taste of coffee.  You can say this was the perfect scoop.   The owner also hooked us up with some green tea which oddly compliments everything I had.  Come to think of it, I had exactly what the name of this joint portrays.  I had a perfect scoop, with boba, and washed it down with green tea.  PS:  Love the "Asian Flavors"!!  I'm Asian and never knew I had my own flavor.  Well done Perfect Scoop, well done.
4	Homemade ice cream and vegan options =happy me! It is very rare to eat real ice cream since I usually go for frozen yogurt. So if I do have ice cream, it better be homemade otherwise it's not worth it to me. I found out about this place because of Veg Out and their FB page. They provide the sea salt brownies while Perfect Scoop provides the vegan ice cream. The first time there the owner let me sample every vegan ice cream telling me one was made from soy milk, one from almond milk, hemp milk, etc...they all tasted the same to me honestly. One had peanut butter and brownie in the vegan ice cream and it was good! I have not seen it again every time I went since then. He also let me try the green tea regular ice cream which was amazing. When I could not decide he said "Just pick one, it's not that difficult of a decision." I laughed because if he only knew me, I can't decide on anything much less all yummy ice cream flavors! His wife(?) was friendly and patient  and on my second visit let me sample everything I wanted, did not seem annoyed at me taking my time and even would give me samples of things I did not ask for (lychee, sesame (yum!). I always go for the Asian flavors or the Vegan. On a side not, I bought a sea salt brownie from Veg Out from them the first time and it was soooo moist and delicious that we gobbled it up within 2 minutes in the car it was so good. The second visit I bought a brownie from them from Veg Out and it was dry and crumbled apart. I was a little disappointed as I made a special trip over there just to get some more of that delicious brownie and ice cream combination.3/24/13 Went again and this time got Pink Guava-amazing!! Can't wait until he does the Pink Guava vegan.
5	This little ice cream & boba shop has so much going for it!Fresh homemade ice cream? Asian flavors? Vegan options? Boba drinks where I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown for? A punch card that only requires 5 stamps & not 10?? I'M THERE.I've been to Perfect Scoop a few times now. I LOVE the lychee ice cream - which has bits of lychee in it! I am also a fan of the black sesame & red bean! The flavors are light but you know what you are tasting. I also tried a sample of the ginger (which had bits of crystalized ginger in it) but that was a little strong for me. As for the drinks, I have only had the slush with boba. The boba is good, but I was surprised at how fast the slush melts after taking a 5 minute drive home. Other than that, the ice cream is delicious!! Using fresh ingredients definitely makes a difference!!
5	The homemade vegan ice cream is SO DELICIOUS!  You can taste the passion that the store owner and his wife have in each and every bite.  I also tried a sample of the non-dairy almond boba tea...yummy!  That'll be what I get next time.  Thank you, Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea!!!
5	In Las Vegas, there hasn't been many ice cream places that I would consider going back to.That is, until I stepped into The Perfect Scoop. From the outside it looks kind of tacky with that big smiley face but the product and the person who works inside makes it a place that I LOVE coming to.Let's start with the basics -- The Ice Cream. The ice cream here is one of the best I've had. I'm not a fancy pants connoisseur of Ice Cream, but I know what I like and don't like -- and I definitely like what's going on here. It's sweet but not too sweet -- just how I like it. Plus, what place can you find in the South West side that's going to give you flavors like Taro, Black Sesame, or Pink Guava?But the more important part is that the man who's behind the counter makes going there completely worth it. He may be a little slow to serve you, but that's because all of his effort is going into anything he's touching. There's a difference between ignoring a customer and making sure everyone gets the attention they deserve in the order that they came in.All in all, five stars in my book. If you've been to LA's Little Tokyo's shopping market, there's a small ice cream shoppe that used to be my favorite place to stop at when I visited. I think I may have found someplace much closer to replace it (:
5	Delicious and amazing customer service!! The owner was so friendly and welcoming. Perfect find right before summer!
5	Stopped by today to pick up a pint of vegan ice cream for the house and their special was Vegan Chocolate Ice Cream w/ bits of choco chip cookie & peanut butter - DIVINE!
5	Love this place!!!  The owner was so friendly and helpful.  The selection of vegan ice cream is the best in las vegas!
4	Happy finally got around or INSIDE joke Terri R and Mel C never got lost on the way. Terri R if playing follow the leader not the nicest person. Lol! Heard lot about the Asian Flavors so just had too hit it up besides got rave reviews! They let you try as much samples as you want before picking. I just found odd because remember TCBY or DQ not so open about trying everything. I tried the mango. Always trust the green tea so went with the green tea and mango. I got it on waffle cone. More like waffle map! I swear the thing was so huge more bowl shape then cone shape could fit four scoops or more. After night of Rollin Smoke no way going for the mother load of desserts. The waffle cone was awesome! I could just have waffle cone as snack by itself. The green tea ice cream not all that good it was OK. The mango was winnah! The prices are reasonable and the Boba Tea looking good or least the ones saw them making while had ice cream. Sure plan on coming back too get more Asian Flavors homemade ice cream!! Nom! Nom!!!!
5	I really can't imagine any reason this isn't 5 stars. It's local, has ice cream AND boba, with vegan options, a friendly owner, reasonable prices, and decent seating. I hope places like this become a trend in the city because we definitely need them to keep springing up. I'm told they have customers coming all the way from Henderson for their vegan options.HINT HINT. Market to be filled! MAKE VEGAN OPTIONS AT PRICES THAT WON'T MAKE VEGANS POOR.I've sampled both the boba and the ice cream, while chatting with the owner. I learned not only do they make their ice cream on site, but they also supply it to other restaurants, like one of my favorite restaurants around: Veggie House. I like this collaboration.Definitely stop in and support this place. They really are one of the better options around. Family owned with quality products. Worth it.
4	Let me start off with: Best. Green. Tea. Ice. Cream. EVER.After my third visit here, I'm ready to give The Perfect Scoop a 5-star rating.When I first saw the store, I was judgmental - a ice cream/boba store right next to Tropical Smoothie? And their logo is a great big smiley face.. hmm..But I decided to give it a try anyway after the reviews on Yelp. And I owe these Yelpers a huge thanks. This has got to be the best little local ice cream parlor in the valley.Flavors range from the usual cookies n' cream to the harder-to-find Asian flavors, such as black sesame, lychee, and even durian. Great thing is that none of these ice creams are too sweet, but oh so creamy and good! They make their own ice creams, and you can taste the experience behind the owner who makes it. The owner is really nice as well! Good customer service from both the husband, wife, and their cute little daughter :-)One scoop for less than $3 is pretty a great price for great ice cream!A MUST TRY!Update: One thing that bothers me: they don't always have all the flavors in. It takes them a while to refill. Three times I've come in and they didn't have the flavor of ice cream I wanted. At least they have many other options!
5	Very thoughtful owner. Gives big samples :)
5	I really love this place! Before going here my favorite ice cream was from little vendors they have in france but honestly this place has the best ice cream I've had in my entire life!  My boyfriend calls their ice cream "legendary" haha. Its so creamy and you can really taste that the ingredients are natural. Every time I get home after coming here I wish that I bought a quart togo. It's just so freaking good! The fist time we went we had a conversation with the owner and he explained how everything was homemade and he gave us a sample of almost every flavor! Im always happy to support local businesses, especially when they put so much time and love into their work. They also have many vegan options too, which is cool. I havent had a chance to try the boba (always too focused on the ice cream) but im sure its wonderful. I like that they have unusual flavors like banana chocolate chip, lychee, and taro. (my bf's favorite) Oh and yes it really is the best green tea ice cream! This place is a must try!
5	I finally came with the BF to get a after meal palette cleanser. I was waiting and hoping for the day we will be in the near vicinity....then I realized it is in the same shopping center as the dog food store we frequent! Yay! Ice cream every time we go there from now on. We got the vegan lychee which was nicely refreshing and the lychee flavor came through well. Yum! Definitely vegans and dairy free folks rejoice as there are at least 8 flavors at a time. Also they use various milks depending on the flavor (coconut, almond, soy, etc) so if you can't have one of the types of milk they probably have something you can! Rare actually in a ice cream shop. Also they now carry Veg Out cookies and brownies to make sundaes with. We also go some mango which was lovely and everything I want in a mango ice cream. I wonder if they use Atulfo mangos. I just highly enjoy the consistency of their ice cream. It's creamy, a tiny bit soft, and all natural ingredients - totally my style. Between this visit and my first review it was different experiences. This time they were busy, but still nice. I definitely enjoyed the ice cream both times immensely. I've been looking for delicious ice cream parlors around town and this definitely ranks up there for one of the best, and is my current frozen treat champion. I'm convincing the BF we need to bring the pups to the doggy wash so we can get ice cream.
5	Friendly owner (?) who suggests flavors and lets you try stuff.THE ICE CREAM IS AMAZING. I've always loved ice cream but find most too sweet. The ice cream at Perfect Scoop is just...perfect. Not too sweet but still flavorful. I've tried the chocolate banana, taro, red bean, and black sesame. All are freaking amazing. If this was near my house, I'd go at least once a week. When summer hits, I'm sure it will be so worth the drive. It's worth the drive even in the winter!I always get a waffle cone and two scoops. The waffle cone is sweet (but like their ice cream, not TOO sweet) and crunchy but soft enough where it doesn't take too much effort to chew away at it.I am generally a slow eater so it's surprising that this ice cream never drips or leaks through the waffle cone! I'm not sure if their ice cream is extra cold and their waffle cones are super well made or I'm just eating it faster than I usually eat ice cream.Sorry my review is all over the place. The first time I came here, I was a bit reluctant to spend 4.50 but it's so worth it. I need to go back and try every flavor.
3	I had to try this place since they offered Asian flavors. I wanted to try the Black Sesame but it was all out. :( I had the durian instead and it was good but I wish it was more frozen. My ice cream melted so quickly I stopped eating it after a few bites. However, I still would come back to try the other flavors.
5	Perfect Scoop's ice cream & boba is not only homemade but it's delicious! The store owners are amazing. Genuinely amazing. I left my wallet that had a lot of money and important stuff here & not only did the owner retrieve it, he attempted to drive to my house to drop it off many times. That is called over and beyond. I love their service and everything they have there taste so good and fresh! I definitely recommend this!
5	"Is this some kind of a joke? Did you just bring me to a cheap Chinese buffet to get ice cream? What IS this?" I brought my mother along to get my ice cream fix recently after having this place bookmarked for ages. It's a little hard to find because the entrance of the store is away from the streets and even then the signage of the store is on a make shift tarp on the top of the building. The above was my mother's reaction when we first pulled into the parking lot. Needless to say, upon walking in she was not impressed in the slightest. Things started looking up for us as soon as we approached the ice cream counter when we saw flavors right up our alley like black sesame, ginger, taro, red bean, and durian, the smelliest, stinkiest fruit I have ever set my taste buds on. Which was also one of my favorites, ha! The owner - Peter - was tremendously helpful, giving us samples for each flavor we asked for (which was pretty much everything), and even then being one step ahead of us in spooning out tastes of flavors he knew we would eventually ask for. Peter told us that all of their ice cream is made in house and they make their vegan flavors with soy/almond milk products, and also wholesale to restaurants throughout the city like Wendy's Noodle Cafe, por ejemplo. We ended up sharing a 3-scoop bowl of durian, taro, and ginger. My mom was so in love that I watched her inhale the whole thing all whilst texting all of her friends back home about her new find and Facebooking photos instantaneously as well. So much in love, in fact, that she even went back for round 2 for more. By the time we left, she told me she was ready to partner up with the store owner to open up another location. Talk about a turnaround.
5	Since my family and i became vegan we only have been making all of our meals at home. So we were so excited to find this shop! From the moment we walked in the owner was so nice and made sure we had a good experience. I had the banana sundae, my sister had just ice cream, and my mom had the brownie sundae. We all picked the chocolate cookie & peanut butter ice cream. It was so good! The owner came to the table to offer us more chocolate syrup and to tell us about other vegan restaurants in Las Vegas. Then before we left one of the other workers offered us water. We will coming definitely  back! I would recommend this shop to all the Vegans in Las Vegas.
2	This review is solely for the boba:I was sooo excited to have a new boba place like 3 minutes away from me. I went in and there were a couple people ahead of me. The owner (?) was serving them, and taking his time with good customer service. That impressed me and made the wait more tolerable, really maybe 5 minutes total but that seems like a long time with only 2 people ahead of you. Finally I get to order my simple boba milk tea. I get my order, get back in the car and try it. The tea was average, but the boba sucked. If nothing else I am a boba connoisseur, and this was the worst kind. It wasn't chewy at all and just broke in half when bitten, hard throughout with no flavor. Bleghhh!! All my hopes and dreams for close, tasty boba instantly crushed.Given all the good reviews and the seemingly good customer service I will return to try the ice cream some time but sucky boba left me frustrated and saddened.
5	Wow, homemade vegan ice cream that taste so good and creamy - I thought I'd died and gone to heaven!  The owner was especially nice in letting me try all the vegan flavors which were vanilla, green tea, avocado, lychee, chocolate cookie dough.  It was hard to choose a favorite since they were all good.  My boyfriend loved the lychee and chocolate cookie dough (even though he doesn't normally like chocolate.  One of the surprises is the avocado which has a light subtle flavor.  I bought 3 pints and 1 quart of the lychee.  Hope they have more vegan flavors coming out!  :P
5	I'm not vegan, but I'm lactose intolerant. So this place is awesome for me! The flavors are great as well. The wait is worth it because I know my stomach won't be hurting later :)
5	Love this place
4	My Korean roommate brought me here after she said she was in heaven from all the asian ice cream flavors.  Obviously I was scared to death, I love ice cream but I wasn't sure how I'd feel about green tea or black sesame...Well Perfect Scoop has the traditional flavors to go along with that specific asian taste.  My worst part of the visit for me was deciding between chocolate banana and peanut butter.  Both being my favorite desert flavors and both never appearing in ice cream I've had.  I decided to get a waffle cone of banana chocolate and it was tasty.While I enjoy this place I think I'd rather visit Sweet Addiction which is only a few buildings down or get my signature banana ice cream with pie crust from Coldstone.  It is awesome to have another dessert option available though in the southwest!
5	A fantastic selection of flavors and extremely courteous service. The ice creams are made in house, and the textures and flavors make this apparent. The proprietor of the business was more than happy to provide samples of at least half the flavors on offer. I also like that they provide a small dish and one spoon for their samples. This seems much more logical, cost effective, and far less wasteful than getting new plastic spoons each time. I will certainly patronize this establishment again. Highly recommended.
4	I love waffle cones and they make them fresh here...the only thing better would be if I had come when they were making it or if the smell lingered in the shop =).  I'm not a big fan of sweet ice creams, I much prefer the milder asian flavored ice creams.  This place reminds me of the ice cream shop in NYC chinatown with the exotic guava, black sesame, durian, etc flavors they offer.  A must visit for a sweet treat without quite feeling nauseous afterwards.  Btw one scoop is plenty, the waffle cone is huge!
5	The ice cream is super cheap here, and they have a pretty good selection of flavors, including Asian flavors. I got the red bean which was amazing, and my friend got the lychee. It was only $6 for the both of ours. They even have vegan friendly options if you prefer.
5	A hidden gem! The ice cream was amazing and refreshing. And this is coming from someone who grew up with Thrifty ice cream and the perfect scoop is across the street from Sweet Addictions!! The ice cream was so fresh and the flavors were so satisfying. All their vegan flavors are amazing and had no complains the owner was super nice and made us try more than half the flavors!! The ginger had a clean taste, green tea was the best I've tasted and had a strong green tea flavor, the avocado was perfect and not too sweet, and the pineapple tasted like fresh pineapple and not canned. Could not complain one bit about this place! And will be back repeatedly throughout this killer summer.
4	Highly recommended - as there are not enough homemade ice -cream shops in Las Vegas (too much frozen yogurt) - So, we are thrilled about The Perfect Scoop.  Their flavors are excellent - some more than others (hence my four star versus five) -- Black Raspberry and coconut needed a little more "va-voom" in the flavor department.  But, the peanut butter cup and banana chocolate chip are worth the trip alone.  Absolutely fantastic!  The strawberry is great as well.  WOuld love to see peach - and some others -- but they are perfectly willing to take suggestions and make ice-cream based on your flavor suggestions.  We'll be back - the customer service was excellent, it's clean and the ice-cream is wonderful!!
5	Our first time here at the perfect scoop, we were greeted by the super friendly staff, and being that we were unsure what we wanted, the gentlemen helping us went out of his way to make sure we found the right flavor, we sampled the black sesame, durian, and my favorite the banana chocolate chip! This place has the best ice cream I have tried in Las Vegas, creamy and delightful!
4	This review is just for their ice cream:Yum :) we walked in here on a whim after finishing dinner next door (see review for Mashisoyo) and although my usual go-to for ice cream is a custom pint from Cold Stone (retail sell out, I know, it just tastes so darn good #sorryI'mnotsorry) I am certainly not opposed to trying something new and of course supporting local.The guy was (pleasantly?) surprised when we didn't want to try any samples. He did offer like three times but we just made our selections instead. I created a custom neopolitan of sorts: chocolate, strawberry and cookies n cream. Yes, 3 large scoops of ice cream (the portions were generous) and I didn't share...C had to order his own ice cream ;) After I ordered, the guy asked if we wanted "two spoons for sharing?" I just looked at him...and then C began his order lol. We don't mess around when it comes to ice cream (plus I am 2 weeks out on a photoshoot, hello cheat meal).Service was super friendly and the ice cream was yummy. We will be back for sure. I definitely want to try their Asian inspired flavors next time.
5	Above all, The Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea stands out to me for their service. I've only been here a couple of times, but each time I was pleasantly surprised by how attentive the owner and the rest of the staff are! I'm all for supporting small businesses, especially when their products are made in-house and delicious.My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp as we continued our quest for tasty vegan options around Vegas. Needless to say, one of us always suggests making a stop for ice cream now, especially now in the summer time!The vegan ice creams are labelled and located at the far end of the ice cream counter. There, you will also find a vegan menu that offers other options, such as shakes, banana splits, a rich chocolate brownie, and more. The owner is gracious enough to offer samples for any flavors you would like to try, as well as explain how the product is prepared. I tried the vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, cookies and cream, avocado, and mango flavors.. all quite good and refreshing!Their mango flavor is my favorite of those that I've tried, hands-down. Creamy, smooth, sweet, and tastes like fresh mango.Tip for vegans: in close walking distance, you will find Tropical Smoothie Cafe (next door), Thai Style Noodle House , Raw Food Express.. all places where you can have a vegan-friendly meal and then follow up with dessert at The Perfect Scoop. Yum!
5	This place is such a gem!! Great selection of really tasty ice creams, boba teas and the largest selection of homemade vegan ice cream in Las Vegas. To top it all off the staff is so friendly! We were running late on a late night snack run and we called to ask how late they were open, they were closing in 10 minutes but we were 12 minutes away. They stayed open a few minutes later just for us. This place is worth driving out of your way for.It can be a little hard to find. It's right next door to Tropical Smoothy, directly ACROSS the street from an Applebee's.
1	seriously, this place is 4 star. I think there's a secret in making boba. Definitely this is not the place. How can anybody mess up a watermelon slush!  Yikes! Donot come here for boba please!
5	This place shouldn't be compared to Cold Stone and/or other establishments using heavy cream. It's a great place for vegans and they have a multitude of flavors that aren't so mainstream. Every place has there negatives, but this place has a lot of unique positives. Thank you for the great ice cream!
5	I was going back and forth between giving this place 4 or 5 stars because I haven't really tried out the whole menu to feel confident enough to say this place is as "good as it gets!" But then I reminded myself of what I actually get here and compare it to the other places and I have to say YES.... it IS as good as it gets! What do I order? Well so far it's only been the Green Tea Milk Tea and Red Bean Milk Tea. And how is it compared to the other places in Vegas? Well, it's the best because there are no other places!! Well I haven't found any yet, anyway. I was a little skeptical about ordering both drinks at first because I've never seen any place that offered that, so I immediately assumed it was going to be either too sweet or barely any existence of an extra red bean/green tea flavor. Nope! I was gladly proven wrong! It was the perfect balance of green tea (or red bean) and milk tea! And the boba is nice and chewy, not too soft, not too hard. When I first came here, it was a Sunday night and the place was crowded! I can see why... they offer Asian flavored ice cream! Durian? RED BEAN? Black Sesame? Definitely not your average Baskin Robbins. The place is a bit hidden, you won't be able to find it just by driving along Ft Apache unless you look for it on the plaza sign. The back of the place is basically facing Ft Apache. You need to turn into complex, curve around to the left or right (depending which entrance you take) and you'll see it nested between some restaurants (sorry I didn't take much notice to them). They offer medium and large for the drinks and the medium is $3.25. Don't forget to snag a stamp card, cause I bet you'll be returning quite often after your first visit ;] !Update--Don't get the barley milk tea. It's basically milk tea with loads of real barley athte bottom (should've known..). In my defense I thought it was going to be like the tea they give at Korean restaurants with a bit of milk.
2	Not impressed.  They didn't have Mint Chocolate Chip even though it was on their menu.  And the server was sitting at a table in the seating area and came around to help me without even washing his hands.  Move along
5	It's hard to find vegan ice cream. So when I was planning my trip to Las Vegas and found this place I was excited. The vegan ice cream is so good. So creamy, and just perfect when you're looking for something that is the texture and taste of ice cream. The first time I had chocolate and pistachio and then I had chocolate and vanilla. All three flavours were amazing, and are recommended highly!
5	This place is so good and really close to my house so on those occasions I feel like I want good ice cream I'll definitely come here it's made fresh and they even have the vegan options.. The owner is this sweet Asian man who's always down to tell you about the ice cream.  I recommended this place to my friends and they live it now
5	A true gem in Las Vegas! The owners are absolutely friendly and knows customer service very well. As for the ice creams, you gotta try the Asian Flavors. It's basically their specialty. The owner made me try basically almost all of their flavors with full size spoons (not those tiny spoons at other locations). I almost didn't have to buy my own because after trying 10 flavors, I was full. Every ice cream is homemade so you get the best flavors on the spot. This place is a must if your visiting Vegas.
1	This is only for boba.My friend told me this place has really good ice cream but I was craving for boba tea, so I bought taro tea with boba. When I first took a sip, the taro flavor was vague and didnt have enough taro flavor in a taro tea and the bobas were very hard and not fresh. LIke come on! I wanted taro not like a watery purple drink.  I took few sips and threw it away because it was disgusting. They seriously need improvement on their flavor or the powder they use. If you are going here for Taro, try somewhere else, if you are going here for boba, don't waste your money!
5	Awesome ice cream. Rum raisin,peanut butter chocolate chip and cookies and cream was amazing. Mr. Wong went and made us a fresh waffle cone. And then steeped fresh tea right before closing. Wish they were on east side so I could go every week.  ice cream tastes like home made rich and creamy.
4	Don't be fooled by that big smiley face banner you'll see looking for this place. The ice cream is freaking delicious. Green Tea, Mango, Pink Guava & Lychee.They were divine! So fresh, creamy & really captured each distinguished flavor. I really love how they have a section of Asian flavors & vegan flavors. Where else can you find that?A little downer: It was a tad warm inside so our ice cream was kinda melting fast. LolHospitality was amazing though. Peter, the owner, brought us some ice cold water without us even asking! How sweet right? Owners are really nice. What a lovely visit! We will be back for sure. Especially for that sold-out Durian flavor. :)
4	Twice, I've arrived, excited to try their black sesame ice cream. Both times, they were out.Why still 4 stars, you say? Because of the people running this cute store. Endless patience as I pondered and pondered over the menu board, giving out unlimited samples gladly, and for offering vegan and Asian flavors as well as the traditional ones.We understand popular flavors run out, you snooze, you lose. Or in our case, we just live too far away. When the man running the store found out we live in Henderson and were going to miss out on black sesame again for the second visit, he went out of his way to let us know when the new batch will be ready, and tried to find something else to make up for it! Complimentary boba and an extra scoop of ice cream, why, thank you! What an effort to win us over! Not sure when, but we'll be back. Little gestures like that makes us fans of Perfect Scoop!
5	Omg so good! I'm a vegan and I can't believe they haw vegan ice cream here... Also vegan fudge and brownies!!! They let you sample everything. It's tucked next to tropical smoothie on fort apache. Viva la vegan!
5	Residents of Vegas, you gotta keep this place alive!    It deeply saddens me to take trips home and see various favorite business no longer active.  What's up with the cutthroat Vegas restaurant scene?  The owner of The Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea, Peter, was extremely generous with sampling.  I originally came in for a boba and ended up trying five different flavors of ice cream, all of which are homemade.  Peter just kept it coming!!!  Particularly enjoyed the guava and green tea ice cream, both being exceptionally flavorful but not overpoweringly sweet.  Peter was personable and very easy to talk to.  He struck up a conversation about San Diego after learning that I had relocated.  Peter even let me practice my sub-par Mandarin skills, a rare treat for me.  Peter created a new flavor of ice cream called spicy chocolate which upon first taste appears to be your standard run of the mill chocolate and then suddenly kicks you in the mouth and brings the heat. Very original and a definite must try.  I ordered the black sesame milk tea which comes with a scoop of black sesame ice cream.  It was love upon first sip.  Again Vegasans, I exhort you to patronage this place.  The unique offerings of Perfect Scoop are not to be missed.  And Peter, if you're reading this, thanks for the great service today!
2	I really want this place to work out because I can't find another boba tea place close enough to my house anymore. And the owner seems so nice. But so far I'm not understanding why it has all these great reviews.Let's talk Running a Food Joint 101. If you are selling ice cream, show us the ice cream!  All the closed lids and variable signage are not doing you any favors in selling. Visual please.Also, please have a bit of a procedure and assembly line in place so you are faster at making drinks and having them come out more consistently in quality. Learn a thing or two from one of the more popular tea places in town, please [wink wink]. It took what felt like ten minutes to get my drink, which is unacceptable considering there was only one other party waiting before me. What happens when you have more than three drinks to make at a time? And what's up with the soda machine that is out of order and acts as the ice machine that should be behind the counter?  Another hint: If you keep the tea cool, then the ice wouldn't melt too quickly in my cup.one star for having good ice cream flavors and another star for the nice owner.
5	Best Black sesame Ice Cream! The owner family is always nice and warm and make us feel very welcomed.  All ice creams made fresh at the shop and all are super yum! Our Favorite Ice Cream Shop!!!
5	Sooooooo good! Homemade ice cream, owners are fantastic!The flavors are different from day to day. In fact, even the same flavor can be a bit different. Ask what's fresh, and they'll tell you. Try the Black Sesame ice cream!Very large boba tea selection, which is very popular as well.
5	What a dream--local, home made ice cream, including vegan options. My favorites are red bean, and black sesame. The green tea was strong, not too milky/bland like many other green tea ice creams. this one shouts matcha! while others just talk the talk with green food coloring. Perfect scoop doesnt use any artificial colors or flavors. Black sesame is out of his world! the first time i tried it, my face dropped and the only thing that existed in that moment was a magical, not-peanut-butter-not-cookies-and-cream bite of cosmically crushed seeds suspended in the milky way of the perfect scoop. i believe its hand made in small batches. ive had it a few times and even one batch that (for whatever reason) wasnt up to par with the previous batch, was still outstanding. i expect this difference once in a while, and for that it gets Extra points. dont ask me why. i like the variability of natural products.
5	So after months of being addicted to this place the owner puts up a few new flavors ahhhhh! BLACK RASPBERRY. I can eat the stuff all day everyday. I buy this flavor by the quart and eat the whole thing in 2 days. I always get this flavor when there's some left cause it goes fast. Sadly I came a few weeks in a row and they were out every time, but it made it that much sweeter when they finally had some for me. It's sooooo good, made from actually raspberries no artificial flavors at all. Also they have a new spicy chocolate, yes spicy! It's actually pretty good in a way you're not expecting. Try it out if you're in the mood for something different. Perfect scoop is still my # 1 ice cream place in Vegas
5	So after eating Ramen, we decided to check out this Ice cream place because of my brothers recommendation. I must say, It really is the best ice cream in Las Vegas. The owner is probably the friendliest Chinese man I've met. He originally had a Peking Duck recipe in New Jersey that someone wanted, and he traded it for this Ice Cream recipe! He lets you try any flavors you want as much as you want, and the ice cream is the BEST. Many Asian flavors like Durian (my favorite), Black sesame, Taro, Red bean, Lychee, Guava, Mango, and more! He uses 3 full Durians for just 1 tank of ice cream!!!I have also tried other flavors like the Chocolate banana. The ice cream itself is not too sweet as most people would imagine ice cream at other places, and it has a perfect creamy chewiness to it. Its about 30-40 minutes from my house and I would drive just to get it again. The ice cream doesn't even melt! I got a double scoop in a cup, and after half way eating it, the parts that melted, actually refroze by itself! DEFINITELY worth the price. You can even get gallons of this ice cream, the owner said it was around 15 dollars per gallon. The tanks they sell are 2 gallon tanks. 30 dollars or more for a tank. 3 Durians are used in the 2 gallon Durian tank, Just a single Durian costs around 15 dollars alone! Great deal Great ice cream Great everything.We called them around 9:00pm because they were closing at 9:30, and he even kept the store open for us and we had great chats about his story! Supposedly he is opening another one in China town! A much more convenient spot. If you have not tried this, you are missing out. Because it truly is the Perfect Scoop.If I lived near this hole in the wall Ice cream shop, I would go every week, or every day.. The only downside is that Its a bit deep into a plaza and is not in a good location. Good thing they are opening one in Chinatown!
4	I missed breakfast so I decided to make up for it my having a healthy lunch.  I chose from two of my favorite food groups--ice and cream.On entering the shop, I bypassed the "normal" flavors and went right to the Asian flavors.  I got a 2 scoop lunch, one scoop of durian and one scoop of red bean. The scoops are very generous size portions.   I took the cup outside and sat on the small sidewalk patio with a table and a couple of chairs and enjoyed the ice cream while looking at the mountains on the west side of town.The durian ice cream was excellent!  It had a good, rich flavor and the ice cream was smooth.  The red bean was not up to the same standard.  There were some ice crystals and it wasn't as smooth as the durian.  Mind you, it was good and I liked the fact that it wasn't as sweet as some red bean treats.The woman running the shop was very, very pleasant.  I stopped in as I was ready to leave to give her a thumbs up for the ice cream and she was appreciative.  Now I have to return and try the taro and other flavors and perhaps get a pint of durian to bring home.A couple of things about The Perfect Scoop.  I have driven by here probably 20 times since I read the first review and I would never see the shop.  The back of this strip mall fronts Fort Apache and the entrances to these shops are on the west side hidden from the main street.  If you use the Yelp app, use the mapping feature and it will bring you right where the shop is and you'll see the smiley face toward Fort Apache.  Second, another reviewer mentioned that there's nothing on display.  I thought they were out of many flavors when I first went in and saw the plastic lids that appeared to cover empty spaces.  Then I noticed the woman packing ice cream for another customer and I knew what was going on.  This is a tough one.  I guess the ice cream stays better when it's covered than being left open like at other ice cream/gelato places but it is nice to window shop at an ice cream place, too!Regardless, this is good ice cream, made in house by people who obviously care about their product, and I am sure I'll be back.  The durian is calling me!
5	GO HERE NOW! enuff saidokay okay, but reallyMy sister and my wife LOVE this place.  thank god for there sweet tooth, because they lead me to all the right places.  The owner is such a nice guy.  the exotic flavors are to die for.
5	This is such a unique shop. I sampled three different flavors: green tea, guava, and lychee...I ended up buying a scoop of all three flavors. Their ice cream is very smooth and creamy, but not to the point where it leaves a very sticky feeling in your throat after eating it. It is packed with so much flavor, but it is not very sweet. It's a good thing because it takes A LOT of sugar to make something cold taste sweet.  My favorite is green tea just because I love green tea, but their guava is really something. I can't wait to take my family hereI also bough a boba milk tea on the same day. They make their milk tea fresh. It's not made already. If you like your milk tea, milky...this is not for you. Their milk tea is stronger on the tea side, and that is how I like my milk tea. Service is amazing. The owner is very chill and he's not going to treat you like a free loader if you want to sample the entire selections. Don't be shy.
5	Went to this place to buy a Milk Taro tea with Boba an it was DELICIOUS! I was helped by I believe the owners f the place since a little girl was playing in the back and the lady said it was her daughter. They are so friendly and family oriented. Enjoyed it! Oh and there Iced Taro Tea is fabulous!
4	Holy delicious ice cream!! I came with a Perfect Scoop regular, so we were greeted with a "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while!" from Mr. Wong. Then when he found out it was my first time, he encouraged samples which was so nice even though I had a strong feeling that I would be satisfied with any selection. But since there are SO many selections, I decided to try the Pink Guava and WHOA, I was blown away! Great flavor without being overly sweet and it had an amazing creaminess and body. I tried Taro as well. I liked it, but perhaps not the small bits of taro as much. Anyway, I went straight for the Asian Flavors, so maybe I'll try the other side next time haha.I decided on a two scoop cup of Pink Guava and Black Sesame. The scoops are HUGE. Two scoops were ambitious..definitely going for just one next time! Anyway, the Black Sesame was even better than I imagined. The toasty flavor, oh man. Just really delicious. Those two flavors, not so good together, but fortunately the weather is cold enough that they didn't blend. Oh and we were offered and served cups of iced water. Very kind. Great experience and amazing ice cream. I can't wait to go back!!
5	This place is awesome. I went in here while I was in Vegas. This placer has a huge selection of favors. I had 2 scoops, chocolate chili and black sesame. The chocolate chili was awesome and spicy, the black sesame was also great and not too sweet. While these scoops were great, my gf's vegan scoops were even better. The vegan pistachio was wonderful beyond all my expectations. You need to try it to believe it. And the service was great. I ate my scoops outside and the owner checked on us a few times and even brought us tea samples. This place was great and for only $4 you can have 2 scoops of happiness.
5	Love this place!
4	This review is only for the ice cream. This is a nice neighborhood shop with delicious homemade ice cream. They have unique asian flavors and also traditional favorites like strawberry and chocolate. Their strawberry is so fresh and light ... Not artificial like most ice creams. The peanut butter ice cream was tasty too.My favorite asian flavors were the black sesame and the guava. I took off one star because after becoming "regulars" here, the customer service has become lack luster. They used to be so friendly ...
5	First off, I would like to express how ecstatic I am that I finally have a great boba place to go to so close by instead of having to travel to Chinatown. I live on flamingo and have an extremely busy schedule, so this location is perfect for me. Above all else, the service is fast and friendly' I always get the lychee boba or lavender milk tea. I honestly think it is comparable if not better than tea station. A must try for boba lovers. ohh... did I mention they have vegan ice cream??? Bomb.com. :D
4	It's a bit hard to find this little mom and pop ice cream and boba shop but it's definitely worth it. They have a great selection of Asian flavor :) but they also have vegan ice cream! The decor isn't much but the service is great.  This time I only went in for a boba but Peter the owner ask me if I wanted to sample any of the ice cream! I wonder how this ice cream would travel? My parents who live in Cali would love some Duran ice cream :)
5	Wow! It is so nice to again have an option for vegan ice cream in town! The owner at The Perfect Scoop is incredibly nice, professional, and generous. My husband and I came in here to check it out, and while looking, the owner offered us several samples...BIG samples! All of the vegan flavors are absolutely amazing, both in ice cream form and shake form, and we cannot wait to return!
2	Banana split tastes terrible. Vanilla ice cream is not good at all.  Their toppings r so simple that I just wanna walk outa there. I should just go to walmart next time and buy stuff to make banana split at home. Cheaper and taste better. They do, however, have asian flavors that I'm interested in trying next time.
5	The homemade ice creams are very good! Asian flavor ice cream is a must try. The taro boba smoothie is really good but the boba is a bit too chewy. All homemade and fresh, highly recommend!
5	Very yummy ice cream. 3 main types - Asian, regular ice cream, and vegan. Had the regular chocolate/peanut butter, and the regular banana chocolate chip.
2	Took my youngest son to check this place out after hearing about it from friends. I don't get the hype at all. We walked in and the place smelled overwhelmingly of cleaning solution. Great, they keep it clean but goodness it was powerful. My son immediately asked to leave and I felt the beginnings of a migraine. Awesome. Right away I noticed a big sign over their soda machine that said, "No Soda". I wasn't there to order soda but found it odd that they'd be entirely out of soda. There was a couple in front of us and everything the girl was trying to order they were out of. They left disappointed. I was told they had a huge selection but when we were there, they didn't. There were only a few flavors to choose from and even those weren't all in stock.I wasn't feeling too confident about my order but, thankfully, they had what we wanted. But I found the prices rather on the steep side for what you actually get. The guy behind the counter was nice enough. He wasn't rude but when he talked to me he mumbled very low so it was hard to hear him. There was a little girl in the store and at one point she was behind the counter and I was put off because she had a terribly runny nose and that was just gross to see behind the counter, next to the cup of ice cream my son is about to eat. I understand kids get colds. And little kids have a tough time with snot maintenance. Understandable.  But keep them away from the food! We ended up sitting outside in the cold to eat our ice cream as my son refused to sit inside with the smell of whatever cleanser they were using.There was nothing special here to warrant the drive from our neighborhood.
5	Homemade ice cream with genuine Asian flavors. The taro is DELICIOUS and tastes like real taro! Spoke with the owner and found out that they take a lot of time to make each ice cream and perfect the flavor. I was impressed with the dedication to the craft. :P  Place is kind of hard to find, tucked at the back of a strip mall, and they currently do not have a lighted sign with their name - just look for a banner with a huge smiley face.If you are a true fan of ice cream and don't really care about the ambiance/look of an ice cream parlor, this is probably one of the best places to get ice cream in Las Vegas.
4	Ive read they make Taro flavored ice cream and specialize in Asian ice cream flavors as well as they make the conventional ones all from scratch. So I when I read this place was close by where we were having dinner I told everyone birthday girl wants ice cream next! It's in a strip mall alongside of other Asian restaurants. The storefront sign is a banner with a smiley face. I wouldn't have known this was an ice cream/boba store if it weren't for the reviews I read. It's a nice little shop, clean with a few tables. It's a family operated. The owners were really sweet and Terri told them it was my first time there. Ahh... so I was offered many generous samples of different flavors..not little spoonfuls but almost a full cup of samples!! It was my birthday so I got treated extra special on this occasion. All the flavors I sampled were all rich, creamy, smooth, with just the right amount of sweetness. They were spot on as well!  I tried Red Bean, Durian, Taro, Lychee, Black Sesame and Green Tea!.  All were so good! I couldn't make up my mind so I ended up getting the 3 scoop deal! Red Bean, Lychee and Taro!  It was a nice size serving too. I think I gained 5 more pounds in 3 hours. Oye..but the Perfect Scoop was the perfect ending for my birthday evening with my awesome ohana!
3	This place is just ok. Don't shoot me for it, but I just didn't love it like everyone else. My friend and I came to this spot after out pizza date because we wanted something sweet. Upon walking in, it was just a tad too warm. I'm always cold so I know my friend was uncomfortable too. What I do like about this place is that they have Asian flavors of ice cream, black sesame, green tea, lychee, etc. I've tried the lychee before and it was really good and refreshing. I opted for a taro slush with boba. They use powder and ice so it was just waaaay to watered down for me. And I think the boba batch I got that day was old because they were all clumped together in my drink. I would not recommend getting it. My friend got rocky road ice cream with 2 cookies, one sugar and the other chocolate chip. They are baked fresh but they didn't taste so fresh. A little on the stale side and too much flour in the recipe they use. Not a fan of this either. All in all, I wouldn't go back to this spot if I wanted dessert in the area.
5	This place was like an Asian -Baskin Robbins !! Lol  The owners were so sweet... older asian couple that are so proud of what their craft!! It kind of felt like I was a little kid visiting my grandparents that had yummy desserts :P  They want you to try every flavor!! haha...  They had durian, black sesame, green tea, red bean, OH MY!! :P so many more to remember ...  They have vegan ice cream too! I literally saw these young kids come in and wipe out a whole container of icecream!!  I was just starring at them in awe... Really?? Hahha it must be that good?!!
5	Stopped in here off a whim, glad we did. The service was excellent and their guava ice cream shake is spectacular!! Will be going back here for sure.
1	I absolutely hate to do this because I would totally give this place a five star rateing. However, today was possibly one of the worst experiences ever...Usually love this place. The owner is always nice and we like coming here to visit this one worker cuz she's always nice but today we were helped by two girls who have pretty cruddy customer service. My boyfriend got a vegan brownie sundae and asked for no fudge. The girl still put fudge on it, which was whatever. Then we asked to have the brownie warmed up since she failed to ask if we wanted it warmed up before hand. They took the ice cream off and just handed it to us in a cup (I honestly would have replaced every thing) They proceeded to warm the brownie and burnt it. Then 10 minutes later still no warm brownie. She said the brownie was soft but still chilly and asked if it was okay....I mean I guess we've been waiting a while so nevermind already..the icecream was half melted any way. So in result no warm brownie and melted icecream. They were sorry but didn't do much to fix the problem.
4	I have been craving for Asian flavored ice cream and I thought about this place I visited once last year. I had a scoop of black sesame and lychee, but the black sesame flavor was bold and really stood out. We stayed there a while to enjoy our ice cream and it was great that they don't blast music like other typical boba shops do. Just a nice, little, quiet shop to enjoy your sweet treat.I think they should open up a store in So Cal. That would be great.
5	The best ice cream I've ever had.It's made on location, and you can taste it. Thrifty ice cream is garbage in comparison. Great customer service, try as many flavors as you'd like!Will be back, SOON.
3	Tried out their lychee, mango, green tea, and black sesame ice cream. Lychee was pretty good but mango and green tea was just ok. As for their black sesame it was super good! Love the nutty flavor! The problem I do have is that they don't keep their ice cream cold enough in their freezer. It started melting right after we got it. Another reason why I knocked off stars is because of their restroom. It wasn't gas station dirty but it wasn't the cleanest either. If it was my business this wouldn't pass my standards. I'd clean that ASAP if I was the owner.
4	It has been a while, and a lot of visits later to Perfect Scoop. Something is different.I'm not sure if it's a partnership change or what, but every month or so I'd say it's a little less quality. It must be growing pains because as far as I can tell, two new branches opened and then it all started.Peter, the owner, has not been in this branch for a while now. When he was there, I knew what I was going to get was the best he could offer. Be it the freshly brewed jasmine milk tea, or vegan ice cream that he could talk to me about. It's just not the same. I don't even see jasmine milk tea on the menu, and when I asked about it - apparently it's powder now? I don't know.This isn't to say it isn't still acceptable. It's fine. I haven't had any induced bowel movements yet, a la Stephanie K. Prices are still the same and the selection is relatively the same. There are a few different flavors at the branch on Jones. But at this rate it will simply blend back into mediocrity. I hope this does not happen.
3	This really makes me sad. This is my second update review dropping another star. Every time I come here, it's worse by a significant margin.This being the original location, I'd expect it to retain the qualities that made it so great to begin with. Not so.- Their milk teas used to be freshly made with, say, brewed tea. Nope. Powder.- The boba is consistently over brewed to the point of nearly dissolving upon contact with your teeth. It is gross.- The ice cream is inconsistent at best. I'm usually having the vegan flavors like cookies n cream. The sweetness has been increasing, and the consistency has been getting... stretchy. Like it is elastic. Very weird.- Service here has not suffered like it has at the Chinatown location, though. There is some positive here.Unfortunately, I won't be coming back here anymore. There used to be pride in their products. I think it has been steadily going down hill since Peter, the original owner, has been gone. Maybe he sold it. Maybe just someone else is running it for him. I don't know. Either way, truly a loss for locals.
5	The management and ownership is the best at this location, but that's not all that's good. The ice cream here is delicious. I particularly enjoy the creamy texture and fresh flavor. The portion sizes of the scoops are really good too. My fave flavors are pink guava and lychee, which I find to be very flavorful and authentic tasting. They pride themselves on making their ice cream from real fruit, which you can tell based on the flavors. It's good stuff, and a nice option for dessert.This one is hidden in the back of a strip mall, so a little hard to find, but worth it if you do.
2	Went for the first time because of reviews and it's not too far from me. Not the cleanest place. Glass is all smudged from the markers they use to write on the ice cream freezers. All the flavors were capped up so you couldn't see what they looked like. They definitely need to clean the floor under the counters cuz I had a clear view from my standpoint in front of the register. We got a mango green tea boba that was sooooo sweet it was kinda gross. Watched them reuse the same tea bag over and over for customers so the tea was extremely weak while the syrup was overpowering.  The girl was nice but a little slow.
3	Best vegan ice cream but the place itself is more disappointing every time we go. If Peter is not there the customer service is fair to poor and the place is not super clean. The display case was cloudy and the flavors were written on-makes me wonder the last time it was cleaned. When I was here today, the guy serving was sitting with a buddy watching something on their phones like teenagers which was super annoying. Maybe I'll try the Chinatown location next time. The ice cream is 5-stars but the location/staff leaves a lot to be desired.
3	Small, quiet place.. Ordered banana split which was good but that's not hard to ruin.. Would have been better if they were stocked more, I asked if they had five different things and every singer thing tegu were out of. (Napkins, strawberries, ice creams)
3	I've visited the Jones location and finally made my way over to this one.My experience here was better, but not by much. I was satisfied to hear they offer lavender MT though (not on the actual menu, but they have it) The location was super hidden, I entered the plaza but still had difficulty making my way (downtown, walking fast, faces pass and I'm home bound dun dun dun dun dun - I had to sing it lol) thereI was greeted by the cashier assuming she was at most in high school so the customer service skills weren't really there. The lavender MT was subtle in taste and I didn't want to ask for any adjustments. Won't be back & wouldn't recommend.
4	I went to the Ft. Apache location.  There's a nice couple there running the place.  I just got a Milk Green Tea, and it was great.  Nothing amazing, but great for the price. They were currently out of their Durian Fruit ice cream, so I'll definitely have to come back to try it out.
5	Some seriously great flavors I've never been able to find anywhere else in Las Vegas. Also vegan ice cream options!
2	Service here isn't really great.Came in and they just looked at us like deer in headlights. We didn't know what to say..... "Uhhh...hello one second." As we were taking our time to select from our very limited choices, the girl was just messing around on her phone. Is that proper work etiquette? Once we were ready to order we had to grab her attention. Not cool, seems like she doesn't care about customer service.Apparently, all the ice cream on the left side was too hard and she "didn't wanna hurt her hand" soooo we were limited to the ones on the right side. The other time I went in there, their freezers were broken and the ice cream was gooey/slimy, definitely not ice cream texture. Another time I went in, their smoothies were liquid-y and disgusting...boba wasn't tasty at all.Overall, three strikes... and I'm out.Don't know what people see in the business. The place is small, walls were dirty and the table was wobbly. Maybe the other stores are better but this location is just disappointing.
5	The ice cream here is so good... So many flavors... Loved the guava, honeydew and red bean... The girl that worked there was so nice... Very unusual for Vegas... Will be coming here again!!!!
1	Immediate tummy ache!!! I should've stayed away after reading the reviews but it was close and it was late at night so I gave in. In short, one freezer wasn't working so all tubs were stacked on top of each other in working freezer. Took too long to sample flavors because she had to move tubs around. Husband was not impressed so just told me to chose what I wanted n get out of there. I chose on a Sunday, pictured with chocolate syrup, walnuts, banana, and two scoops of ice cream advertised at $5.50. Chose green tea and taro...ask for no chocolate syrup. Came to check out and she charged me a $0.25 fee. When I asked her what that was for she said for the banana. After pointing out the price and picture, her answer was "That's from a long time ago" !?!?!??!??  I told her my piece of mind, mentioned I was a yelp de-customer and went outside to eat. Halfway through my Sunday my stomach is turning... We're pulling into our driveway now and I am running straight to the toilet. Avoid this place, as a fellow business owner, know that I've discounted many clients because they had seen other pricing (be it old). It's all about customer retention. FAIL!
5	Wow, I check on the reviews at yelp they have Boba drink and Ice-creams. I am fan of Ice-cream and Boba . I am so exciting and we went there to check it out.  OMG they have too many my favorite of ice creams that I like. The service here is so wonderful ,the lady is so patience to lets me try some sample of ice-creams before I desire . Well,  I ended up with my three favorite of ice-creams  " Taro" and "Durian, Pistachio " . I love there ice-creams so much , it is the best ice-cream the texture and fruits are very strong . My boyfriend gets a Mango slush drink with Boba and add extra "pudding"  . Unbelievable the Mango is so fresh and there Boba are very Q , Pudding only cost $0.50 cents . My boy said that is a best drink that he never had . I recommend people that who are lovers ice-cream and Boba drink , you guys should come here !!!
4	Kinda bleak inside. However the Boba is very good. Used a yelp check in and had the coconut milk boba tea.$3.50. Gifford had an avocado smoothy. Both pretty good.
5	I love the fruity flavors smoothie. Everything they add is authentic fruit nothing from syrup! So if you are looking for sweets but also want to stay healthy! This place will be recommended! :)
4	A little hard to find, but I do love the unusual 'Asia' flavors like tropical fruits or sesame. Ice cream portions are generous.
1	Walked in to the sound of a blender in the back kitchen with no greeting. 6 minutes later a girl comes out with two drinks for the people waiting before us. I finally get to order a honeydew slush. She disappears to the back to make it, which is strange because there's a full blender set up in the front. After hearing the blender go off about 6 different times and another 5-6 minutes she reappears with my drink. Mind you she's only making one drink, so I don't know why the blender went off so many times. It's super icy, very light on the honeydew flavor and the liquid is separating from the ice mush. Definitely not coming back. What a waste of 4.50. Go to tea planet or volcano tea on spring mountain. Their boba is delicious, flavorful, smooth, and quick!
5	Great homemade ice cream. Fresh fruit in boba. Vegan options! Owners are always there and super sweet!
3	I finally made it out here after about a year and half to 2 years that it has been open. My best friend came in and said the owners were Asian and they make their Asian flavored ice cream themselves. I never stopped by because she told me lychee was good and I'm not a big lychee fan. Now that it's more established, I came here with my girls to see what this is all about.Since it's winter time now there's not a lot of traffic. The lady was really nice when we came in and offered us samples. I had my heart set on black sesame so I ordered black sesame macaron and my oldest had mint chocolate chip. I also wanted to try their boba milk tea since yelp offered $1 off. My vanilla macaron was hard as a rock! I guess it wasn't fresh but I thought that was kinda rude to still sell me that when they know the quality wasn't good. Ice cream was very good. Milk tea could use a little more sugar and the boba was alright. I read on other peoples review that it was hard. I would come back for ice cream but I'm done with the macarons.
