4	This lovely place I discovered in Las Vegas when I lived there.  (The one in vegas is on Alta between Rainbow and Buffalo near sushi on summerlin, but I've heard it's moved since then.)I would have given this 5 stars, but I have found that their roast beef sandwich leaves a little to be desired -- mostly because it's like shredded roast beef, so it's a bit bland and extremely dry.That aside, everything else just flies into the hearty flavorful sandwich realm.I would recommend the Mushroom Cheese Steak, Grilled Italian or Meatball sandwich.Their specials Capastrami (hot pastrami, cole slaw, swiss cheese and russian dressing) and The "Bobbie" (turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and mayo) are something to get all hot and bothered over.Capriotti's also has Vegetarian Sandwiches -- soy Turkey, Balogna, Salami and burgers -- if you are not a meat eating kind of person.Overall, I love Capriotti's, but am happy they are quite a ways away.  I'd eat there at least 3 times a week if they were closer.
4	I found this place by accident, and I have to say, its a good sub shop.  When you walk in, its not a giant place.  Indoor seating only, and they have a super duper high wall between you and the guys making your sandwich.  For short people like me, its a little intimidating.Like the size of this place, the menu is not huge.  They have quite a few subs to choose from, hot and cold, each coming in a variety of sizes.  9 inch, 12 inch, and I think a larger one too.  They have the traditional "good stuff" to choose from like roast beef, meatball and tuna subs.  Prices seem worthwhile, and I got a 9 inch roast beef sub and took home leftovers.Great for a sub anytime, day or night.  reasonable hours and prices, and the staff seemed friendly.  Worth grabbing something to eat on a saturday afternoon, just like I did.
4	I heard about Capriotti's from my partner who discovered them while in Las Vegas for work; decided to try them out several months ago. The sandwiches are very good, and when I ate meat, I enjoyed the Bobbie.However, since becoming vegetarian almost one year ago, I hadn't had the opportunity to dine here again. That was until I discovered they have vegetarian options! I returned a few days ago for lunch and sampled the veg turkey sub as well as the veg cheesesteak sub. Both were pretty good; I really enjoyed my lunch. The cheesesteak was ordered with mushrooms and was full of cheesy-oniony-peppery goodness but I think I preferred the veg turkey sandwich for its simplicity. Worth a shot if you happen to be in this part of Chandler. (Note- they do cook the veg cheesesteak on the same grill that they cook their real meat on, be forewarned if this bothers you.. although it clearly states this on the menu. Request if they can cook it on a freshly cleaned, different part of the grill.)
4	Found this place by accident, and sure glad I did.Most sandwich joints are the same old deli meat subs, but this place is a bit different.I ordered a turkey sub and I was delighted to see the turkey was whole pieces, pulled from the breast. What a great, fresh tasting sub.
5	Favorite sandwhich shop around work. $7.30 will fill you up. get the GRIT!
5	How has one of the best sandwich joints in AZ only been reviewed 3 times!? Come on AZ Yelpers, get up on your grind, yo. I crave these sandwiches, i miss them, i pine over them, they haunt me at every turn. They are that good.First visit - Cheese Steak - Oh my god, never been to philly but i hope they are this good there. The bun, the meat, the cheese, the veg; all perfect. Second Visit - The bobby - what... wait, a sandwich with Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Stuffing, and Mayo!? That is practically a thanksgiving leftover sandwich all year around, does it get better than that!?Third Visit - Eggplant Parmesan - Holy crap it is the size of my head and oozing everywhere. Mhhh bready eggplant, cheese and sauce, the trifecta of tastebud tantalization. This place is a must for all AZ sandwich aficionados, be warned tho they are HUGE so bring a friend... if you don't have friends try showering because you probably smell.
1	They didn't have the meat for the sandwich I ordered. So I ordered another sandwich, which was cheaper and they didn't refund me the difference. Both my mom's sandwich and mine was dry and the bread stale. Oh yeah, and I found many small bones in my sandwich as well. DO NOT RECOMMEND. WIll NEVER go back.
4	The Capistrami is the best thing ever.  Hot pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw and a russian dressing.  I'm addicted to this sandwich, but of course, there are worse vices.  This sandwich screams 'eat me' even when I'm completely full.  It's okay, the pain I feel later is justified by how amazing it tasted earlier.  They have a good selection of chips and also make fresh baked cookies.  Service is on par.  Love it.  If I had to pick one gripe, the bread could probably be a little bit better, but that's minor in light of how great the food is here.
5	So much better than Subway or the other pretenders.A 9-inch sandwich for $6.75 is awesome and more than enough food, and not just a bread filler.  Locally owned, I met the guy today at lunch and actually told him about Yelp so he'll be checking his reviews out, but he was really nice as were the guys taking orders and making the food.  This place gets busy at lunch as the business people around know where to eat when it's good.  I've heard a few of my cop buddies say how good it is too and they weed out all the bad places pretty quick.Anyways, the sandwiches are really good and all the meat, cheeses and all the fixin's are really fresh and always plentiful on your sandwich.And look for the "Bobby"... It's like your whole Thanksgiving dinner exploding in your mouth... turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce... I'm serious it's so good.Enjoy guys... it's really good food for a great price.
5	Amazing cheesesteak.One mile from my home is Corleone's. About 15-20 minutes from my home is Capriotti's. I never go to Corleone's. I go to Capriotti's all the time.The workers here are nice and the cheesesteak is terrific. The large is 20" I believe, so if you're ordering for yourself and in no mood to eat until you have a stroke, get the medium. Also, try it with the hot peppers. It adds the slightest bit of spice without becoming too overwhelming.That's really all I can say about this place. Wonderful cheesesteak. I haven't tried anything else because the cheesesteak is too good to pass up when I make the drive down there. The patrons rave about the other sandwiches, though, so I absolutely would not be afraid to try something else. There's maybe 5 or 6 tables inside and 2 outside? so be prepared to order to go if you arrive at prime dine-in lunch/dinner hours.Do yourself a favor and go to Capriotti's. Help this place attain the reviews and ratings it deserves. The fact that there's only 8 reviews is criminal. I understand it is in the heart of the suburbs, but it's worth the drive.
4	Just had a hot sausage sandwich with peppers, provolone and marinara and it was delicious. Great take-out place with wide range of cold and hot sandwiches. I prefer ordering from the hot list.
4	.                                               sandwiches and                      Capriotti's steak                             I  am          one  of                                                                still fullI had                                                                                       4 hours later.I guess           it's a                                                                               medium.                   good thing                                                   not the                                     that I ordered                sandwich                                                        the smallFilling and delicious but not for the faint of heart.  Urp.  Mmm, sweet peppers.
4	Oh my gosh... biggest "small" sandwich ever! I ordered a small sub sandwich, which turns out is 9 inches! A small!! I was more than full when I finished... and I couldn't even put down the whole sandwich. The staff was super friendly and made our sandwiches to order. Yup, I'll be going again soon.
2	Disappointed...read how 'great' this place was.  How can you offer meatball subs and not have meatballs, but be told "we can put marinara on a sandwich if you want"?Visited for the 1st time today...very disappointed:- 1st of all no meatballs- dirty tables and no wait staff cleaning them; had to do it ourselves- really small trash cans jammed to the brim - nasty!- food, napkins on floor - gross- no condiments available (you have to ask)- one napkin holder on the main counter...come on...- some high school kid taking orders/cooking with a wild 'fro and almost no hair netting...nasty IIThe guy that owns this needs to go visit Fore Father's in Tempe to see a clean, well run operation.  Fore Father's cheesesteaks are delicious compared to this dump.Off my list for good, I am not going back and cannot recommend this place to anyone...
5	Everytime we're even near the I-10 and Chandler Blvd, we stop here and get sandwiches.  Why?  VEGGIE MEATS!!!!  They have veggie turkey, veggie hamburger and even veggie chicken.  There's nowhere else (that I know of in Phx) that you can get a deli sub made with veggie meats...especially this kind of quality.  We always order the largest size:  a whopping 20 inches, which we can usually get 2-3 meals out of.And of course their signature subs:  the "Bobbie" (w/cranberry sauce, stuffing, and turkey) and the "Cole Turkey" (w/cheese, turkey, and cole slaw) make this the ultimate veggie sandwich shop.  YUMMY!p.s. call ahead and order...you'll be glad you did when the line's out the door!
5	When you decide to become a vegetarian, you realize that there are some sacrifices you are going to have to make in the food department. When I became veg, veggie burgers were made by mixing this powder with water and frying it in a pan. It was horrible. I pretty much ate grilled cheese for the first year. Now, fifteen years later, Capriotti's...  Holy Shit!!! VEGGIE TURKEY SUB. Tears of joy are streaming down my face at THIS very moment. It's like losing your virginity all over again, but this time its good! Real good!For $7.75 I have the hugest, most delicious sub I have ever eaten in my life. Such good quality ingredients, and this medium is HUGE!They also have New York Kettle Style Chips, which are delish, but you definitely don't need them when you have 12" of veggie turkey sub staring you down.My life seriously just changed.
4	I can assure you that I was pretty much the biggest pain in the ass customer in the history of this place.  Mainly because they put coleslaw on their sandwiches, and I really detest coleslaw.  But when I found out just how prohibitive that was, I relented and ordered the capastrami (i think) which was pastrami, swiss, russian dressing, and coleslaw.And much to my surprise, it was actually really damn good.  Please note: this is the first time in about 25 years that I've voluntarily eaten coleslaw.  But it worked with the sandwich, and worked well.They have a sandwich on the menu, the bobbie, that is turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and one other thing and they claim that that is a really great sandwich.  Perhaps next time... although I might have a hard time forgoing the capastrami.
3	My friends said that if I'm looking for an amazing deli, I had to try Capriotti's. There are many cultural differences between the east and west coast - one of them is the definition of a deli sandwich. This place makes SUBS - not deli sandwiches. If you are looking for an upgrade to Subway, go here! If you are looking for that classic Italian deli with amazing fresh bread and an interesting range of topping and condiment options, I guess you have to go out of state, as I just have not found it in Phoenix.I ordered the 20 inch italian - it sounded naughty. :) The roll was fresh and doughy with a slightly crunchy crust. The meat was extremely high grade deli fixings - salami, peppered ham, and some other italian salami, roasted peppers, pickles, and viniagarette. For being a sub sandwich, all three of us enjoyed it fully. BUT, it's not a deli sandwich - it's a sub.The gentlemen behind the counter were SO NICE - I would come back just to talk to them again because it was like they were all one big happy family.
5	Outstanding sandwiches!  The Capistrami and Slaw-B-Joe's ROCK!  Moreover, nobody can come close to the bread that they use.  Capriotti's would deliver sandwiches to our Little League snack stand, and they were always snapped up within minutes.
3	A good above-average sandwich that I would probably enjoy more often if I had more reason to be in that part of town.  The radius of their sandwiches are ideal for eating as they aren't too wide, too tall,  or too sloppy.  The meats are good cuts and generous, their bread being the only real weak link.
5	In the very great and wise words of my father "Holy Crap That's Good!". There is no wiser sentence that can describe how amazing this place is! One of my dear friends took me to this place that he knew about. It apparently is the "IT" place to go in Vegas. I had my doubts. We drove up to the place and it looked a little dumpy (apparently this is a sign of a great place to eat). There wasn't much on the wall except for a menu with about 30 different subs. I allowed my friend to order for me since it seemed like he knew what the best thing to get was. He ordered a turkey sub on wheat with slaw and extra Russian. The kids behind the counter couldn't have been much older then 17 and reminded me of every single person in my graduating class. Helpful and pleasant enough to not get fired. When they were done making my sandwich I swear it was the biggest "medium" sub I had ever seen. When I took my first bite it was to die for! It was not a sandwich for the dainty. The sandwich got all over the place and was the best sandwich I had ever eaten! I had never eaten a sandwich with Cole slaw on it, but it is something to be tried. I declare that everyone needs to eat here!
5	Lately I've been going to eat to places that have 4-5 stars and everyone raves about them!! And just like when someone tells me that a movie is the best ever!!!!  my expectations are very high, I watch it and more often that not, I'm disappointed. I'm glad to say that Capriotti's didn't disappointed me at all! I had a Capistrami and it was delicious! Also, it was the smaller size (9inches) and it was huge! Big enough to share, but being that I was very hungry and I don't like to save a sandwich with coleslaw for later....well, I ate it all!  I agree though with other reviews that mentioned the bread could be better. Luckily the great filling made up for the not as great bread.Service was good and the guys behind the counter were very nice as well.The price is fair since the sandwiches are huge. I'll definitely come back to try other sandwiches.
4	My girlfriend has been craving a mushroom steak and cheese sub for the past couple of weeks, and while that's easy to find in New England where we're both from, it's not so easy to find in the Phoenix area.But, now we know where to look.Great sandwiches and a great looking menu that we'll be exploring for quite a while. And they also stock a variety of Wise potato chips products which aren't widely available here.For a taste of home, we know where to go, and we'll be back.
4	Stopped in on a friends recommendation and was not disappointed. Great, bad for you sandwiches that will push back whatever diet you think your on at least a day. Not a regular stop, but an infrequent indulgence I will look forward to.
5	I have eaten here too many times to count and all I can say is amazing food and great service. Thanks to the senior vp Jason in Vegas telling me about this place on twitter or else I would never have found it.  I love the Capastrami, the Bobby and Italian.
4	You will not be disappointed! Huge sandwiches for very reasonable prices. I feel like the Bobbie was created for me- turkey, stuffing, cranberries, and mayo. It's definitely a nap waiting to happen, but so delicious! The mayo adds that extra little touch.Cheesesteaks are also fantastic, chicken or steak. It's the real deal, so be prepared to wait a little longer for one of these.If you order anything other than a small, be prepared to have a second meal later. This place hides in a strip mall near the Brazilian Bull and Dunkin Donuts. Saving the 5th star because a place like this really needs to either stay open late or deliver for those sudden turkey cravings!
4	I went here the day i found out i had vertigo. true story. it's now part of my history. i woke up and instantly thought 'did i get drunk last night and i dont remember?'not the case, i had to have my mom pick me up and if i remember correctly i had to scoot down the 3 flights of apartment stairs so that i wouldn't fall. if only someone recorded that and put it on youtube...anywho, after the dr. said it was vertigo causing my issues, i got to go home but i was hungry and wanted a sandwich. all of the nurses said to go here. so my mom drove me and bought me lunch. :) the turkey is some of the best i have had!! they seriously packed the sandwich so thick with layers of divine turkey. they had a sandwich related to thanksgiving and i need to try it, and lots of goodies from the east coast that we don't typically see in az. i will totes be back.
4	Best cheesesteaks I've had since I left the Northeast.Love the food, but the tables could be cleaner--hard to do though with that much greasy cheesesteaky awesomeness floating in the air.
4	#1 reason why I love this place.... *drumroll* They have the most delicioius vegetarian sandwiches! And I don't mean just bread and a bunch of veggies, but they have a delicious meatless "turkey" which tastes like the real thing, but it's been so long I don't remember what the real thing tastes like anymore. Anyway, very very good hearty sandwiches. Definitely try this place out if you're in a mood for a good sandwich, oh and I guess the real meat ones are supposed to be good too, ha. Try this place!
4	They didn't ask if I wanted the sweet peppers and onions on the cheesesteak. I totally forgot about it and remembered the second I opened up the butcher paper. The cheesesteak just wasn't the same. The Bobbie, was amazing though. 50 miles round trip to get here from North Scottsdale - it was worth it.
4	This one is easy.  They have the BEST RUBEN ON THE PLANET.   It's their own take on the Ruben, but sooo Yummy.  Just order it!!!  The Turkey with Cranberry, a must try.  I would tell you more, except these are the only two sandwiches I have had.They would have received a five star rating if seating had been better.
5	Awesome sandwiches.  I've been here a few times now and every time, the sandwiches are fresh and filling.  This is probably my favorite sandwich shop in town. The service is great and all of the staff are always friendly.
3	I had the mushroom cheese steak sandwich and it was ok but not great. I split my sandwich in half so I could eat the rest later and I'm just not that excited about finishing it. It could just be that I'm not a huge fan of greasy food. I would probably not go here again.
5	Mushroom Cheesesteak with provolone & mayo, a bag of Wise chips, and a Coke.Doesn't that sound appetizing?  I pretty much get the same thing every single time I come here.They make my cheesesteak EXACTLY they way I prefer my cheesesteak sandwich.  Call in your order before driving there if you are impatient.  Either way, it's worth the wait.
4	My BF and I are always in a hunt for a good cheesesteak. So far, this is the best one I've had in AZ. Mushroom Cheesesteak with sweet peppers and onions! I like how everything is cooked up and mixed together with the cheese as the binding unit. I can't get myself to try their other sandwiches since I don't make it out this way too often and when I do I want that cheesesteak! The bread is soft with little cornmeal bits. It all goes together perfectly.The small is huge and good for two meals. The large is enough to feed the entire office. lol. Okay, I overexaggerated a little... but seriously it's huge!
4	Holy Sweet Peppers! The most amazing sandwich my little vegan belly has ever had!! I have NEVER heard of a sandwich shop that has veggie/vegan turkey, its 100% soy and 1000% delicious! The rolls they use are baked fresh daily at a local Tempe bakery and are out of this world! A small sub is literally the size of my forearm!! I like mine with mustard, lettuce, tomato, salt and pepper, oil and vinegar, pickles and of course SWEET PEPPERS!! I can't get enough of this place, I've been 3x in the last week! The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review is that even if I order my sandwich to go and spend less than 5 minutes inside the shop I leave smelling like the cheese steak grill.Maybe they could do curbside service? ;-)
4	I was that annoying customer asking a bunch of questions and unable to make up my mind.  The guy was patient and answered all of my questions with a smile.  I had to wait several minutes for the two sandwiches, but, hey, quality take time, right? The manager (I think) came out of the back, happy, jolly, and singing to the radio.  It was great; good energy.  People engaged in their work and have fun doing it are more engaging and enjoyable to be around.  When my sandwiches were almost done, Mr. Happy Manager rang up my order and gave me my total.  It seemed a little high.  When I questioned the amount, I found out they were making three sandwiches instead of two.  Yep, that was my fault for making the order-taking process so confusing.  I apologized and tipped a few bucks on my take-out order.  They didn't seem annoyed or flustered at all.   Cool points for good customer service.  Plenty of other places would have made a big deal.As far as the sandwiches go, fantastic!  Soft, delicious bread.  Sweet and hot peppers that make the sandwich.  The most vegetarian options I have ever seen for a cheese steak sandwich shop, and quite impressively tasty at that!  Veg heads and meat lovers alike will both crave the goodness of a Capriotti's sandwich!  No longer does one person have to "sacrifice" for the other's meal.The small sub is more than enough for one person.  If you are looking to split a sandwich, or have leftovers, go ahead and get a large.  Then again, I guess if you normally eat extremely enormous portions, a medium or large would probably work.Trust me, just go here when you are in the mood for a good, hearty sandwich.  You won't be sorry!
5	I went to college at the University of Delaware, Delaware being the home of Capriotti's of course, and had enjoyed it a time or two there. So when my boyfriend told me that him and some friends had gone to a sandwich place called Capriotti's out here for lunch I said to myself, "Could it be?". It is!! It is!!! The very same one!! Bobbies and all!!! Oh happy day!!!! Randomly they have a couple of west coast locations, one of which happens to be 2 miles from my house, and for having the foresight to put that there, I thank them! In college, my roommate and I always vowed that one day, we would pool our money and split a Bobby. Tragically, it was always out of our 52 cent Ramen Noodle price range, so that dream never came true, until now. Although my lovely roomie of 3 1/2 years is not here to share it with me, I got to have that Bobby, and OH was it worth waiting for. Fresh, delicious rolls, real roasted turkey, not that sliced stuff my friends, just like mama makes, and stuffing and cranberry to top it all off. I'm a happy girl! If I didn't have Thanksgiving plans, I'd probably just get myself a Bobby and call it a day. The people are always friendly and the sandwiches are a little more than $5 for a foot-long, but OHHH SOOO worth it!! After reading all these reviews about the cheese steak, I'm excited to try that now, but it will take a lot of willpower to NOT order the Bobby.
5	All I'm gonna say is Capastrami Sandwich. Love it and miss it. Can someone send one over to Fort Wayne, IN? I'm preggers and need a fix. :)
4	Capriotti's has some great sandwiches... the best is the capistromi; the medium is really big.
3	The bobbi sandwich rocks my world. Leftover thanksgiving turkey sandwiches are my absolute favorite.. and Capriotti's has them all year round. Massive chunks of turkey (none of that deli slices shit, actual turkey breast), cheese, mayo, CRANBERRY SAUCE. Gianormous piece of deliciousness. I don't care to order anything else but the bobbi. I have tried, nothing else on that menu is equally delicious. Best cold sandwich you will ever try.Advice: Avoid lunch hour, its crazy busy and takes forever to get your order (hence the 3 stars). Don't dine in. They only have 3 tables in there and it doesn't add anything to the experience. Not cheap either, when compared to jason's deli or subway. 7-8$ easily... which is why I come here for something I can't get anywhere else.
5	I love the sandwiches here, they serve fresh bread and meat that can't be beat!! Both Chicken and Beef cheese steak are superb and the Bobbie is in a league of it's own. I don't know how I lived on the other Sub chains before finding Capriotti's call in your order and give them about 15 mins and you will be eating shortly upon arrival.  The largest sandwich cost about 12.50 but at 20 inches two people can dine nicely, all I can say is bring your appetite and you won't be disappointed
5	Probably the best sandwich shop in the area.  My favorite is the "SlawBeJo", with homemande roast beef, provolone cheese, cole slaw, russian dressing and mayo....and I don't even like cole slaw!...but it's so good with the roast beef!  Their sandwiches are unique in that none of the meats are your typical sliced meat..they are more like a "pulled" meat...so good!  Clean place, friendly staff.Expect a small wait, even if the place is empty...but it is soooo worth it!
5	Awesome steak sandwiches.  The meat is very tender and very flavorful, you won't be let down I just wished I ordered more my first time there. There is always next time though.  So far everything I have had here is excellent and I just say you should go try it out.  Next time I am going to try the italian sub there, should be good.  I need to go back here soon.
5	Went back to Phoenix to visit family and was intent on getting a pastrami sandwich from one of the other deli's but never found the time to go. On the way back home my daughter suggested Capriotti's and I figured it was worth trying it out. When I got there I was dead set on the pastrami, called the "Capastrami", but notice a picture of the "The Bobbie" which is real pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and mayo. I couldn't make up my mind so i ordered both. They were nice enough to give me half of each to eat there, and wrapped the other halves up to take with me, making the 5 hour drive back to SD so much more tolerable. They were both awesome, but I now crave the Bobbie and am making my daughter bring me one out when she comes to visit. :)
4	It's pretty exciting when you go into a sub shop and they offer vegetarian cheese "steak" sandwich.   I've never had a cheese steak sandwich, so as I was driving back to the office, with my sandwich in tow, I kept peeking in the bag thinking, "Is this real?" Yes It was, and it was fantastic!  I was expecting a greasy cheesy mess, but that wasn't the case at all. The "meat" and peppers were perfectly cooked to order and topped with real cheese, not cheese whiz. I had them add mushrooms, which was a solid choice, well worth the extra buck.  The bread was very soft inside with a little crunch to crust, similar to Italian bread.  Needless to say, I enjoyed every bite of my $10 sandwich.  The best part may have been seeing my co-workers jaws drop at the sight of me eating "meat".
4	The thing i love most about this place is that it's unique. It's not the same list of deli sandwiches you'd find at most other sub shops, and like others have said, the meat is shredded and not sliced. The portions are huge, so the price really is worth it. If you're looking for your $5 footlong, please do yourself a favor and run over to subway. Staff is friendly, quick (even when busy), and they know how to make a great sandwich!  The menu is slightly limited, but what they do offer is great. If i'm ever in a mood for a hearty sandwich, this is the place i go. My fav is the Turkey Cole. Yum!
5	I must say that I have been here four times in four weeks.  The sandwiches are great.  The bread is fresh and tasty clearly made within hours of serving.  The order is taken right when you walk in, so there is no unnecessary waiting.  Most of the time the line is short and I get served within minutes.  The sandwiches use a reasonable portion of meats and other ingredients which balance the sandwich, not bury it in the bread.  The guys behind the counter know there sandwiches and can answer any if not all questions that you may have.   I normally get a medium sandwich, the large is just too large (e.g. two meals!).  They also serve Wise brand potato chips from the East Coast which are hard to come by in Phoenix, but not impossible.A great place to have a quick lunch that will not have you waiting and keep you satisfied throughout the day.My recommendations.................
5	I haven't been here through their "rush" hours, so service has always been fast and friendly.  Capastrami - Hot pastrami, Cole slaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing WITH sweet peppers. I can't get past ordering anything else when I come here.  Quality through and through.One of these days I'll try their famous "Bobbie" (tryptophan coma here I come)... or maybe I'll just have to go Gal vs. Food and order the Capastrami AND the Bobbie (tryptophan coma and the -itis)
4	Big sandwiches.  Big.Bread is great on a good day and fair when they don't have it fresh.Mom loves the Philly cheese-steak.I like the Italian.  I always ask for hot peppers.Ordering and paying can be a bit confusing.  Best thing to do is to order and immediately go to the cash register to pay.  Otherwise you have your sandwich, you're hungry and then you have to go pay.  I'm not sure how they don"t get ripped off.  It would seem to me it would be easy to order, wait, take and leave. The chips they offer, name escaping me now, are very good.  I know that at most sandwich places I do not get chips but here I do.  BBQ is my favorite here.
1	VEGANS, BEWARE! When I first started going here I asked specific questions about the "veggie" meat, Was it Vegan? Did it contain any dairy or egg? etc. I was assured that it was absolutely vegan and a 100% soy product. I recently heard that their "veggie" meat contained egg whites. I called up and asked them to please look at the ingredient list to verify this and sure it enough it contained Egg Whites!! I am so upset that that the owner/manager of this shop was so ignorant  that he could profess the vegan wonders of this "veggie" meat to me knowing that it was not. I'm appalled by the false pretense and all the times I ate here unknowingly putting things in my body which are not OK with me. What if I had been deathly allergic to eggs?
5	This is my FAVORITE sandwich place! The sandwiches are incredible. The use shredded beef and turkey that gives the sandwich so much more flavor. The people working there are always plesant and helpful. I have tried several and have never been disappointed. They are large sandwiches and great for sharing.
4	I was looking for a new sub shop... So I had heard good things about this spot I entered the shop at about 7:15 and they say they are open till 8:00 all the chairs were up and it looked closed... But I pulled the door open and entered and stood at the counter and someone come from the back. I knew what I wanted I ordered... (The Bobbie - Homemade turkey, Cranberry sauce, stuffing and Mayo. I rate the food as followed.The Bobbie - B+It was a really good sub the bread was super fresh but the turkey was a bit dry like it would be after thanksgiving... Each bit reminded me of things I have made with leftovers from thanksgiving. I will be back again to get another Bobbie when I miss home at 2am after the bars when I am home for thanksgiving and have only leftovers to work with.
5	These are awesome sandwiches! I'm not talking about the veggie crap. I'm talking cheese steak, Capistrami and Turkey pure love. I like to get the cheese steak with hot and mild peppers. It just melts in your mouth. I can't help but laugh at the negative reviews by the Vegans on here. This place is great, if you want Vegan go get some Humus.
5	I love this place.  The sandwiches are unique and fresh and always made right in front of you.  The service has always been good and the prices are reasonable (same as any other sandwich shop).  I have tried many of their sandwiches and enjoyed them, my favorite is the cheesesteak, but beware- the peppers are spicy!
5	Great food  great service
4	First time here and it was really good. I ordered the bobbie sandwich since I hear everyone raving about it. It was ok. Not my favorite. Place is really clean and wasn't busy at all for lunch around 1130. I like going to a place where I can get in and get out. Staff was really friendly. They gave me this punch card.. buy 10 get the 11th free. Very nice. About the same prices as subway so I wasn't upset. Plus the sizes of food are definitely moneys worth. At least I think. For anyone in the Chandler area, this is definitely a place to stop in and try.
2	I've stopped in here periodically over the last several years and see a recurring theme. On my last visit I wait 20 minutes for two sandwiches. I tried to be patient, thinking that all the customers coming through the door had placed phone orders. Finally had to ask where my food was...the guy who took my order either lost it or tossed it. They took it again and I waited another 10 mins for them to fix it. When it was finally ready I didn't even get a discount, a free drink or comp'd meal...not even a "we're sorry".  Not terribly surprised. Four stars for the food, 1 star for service, 1 star for cleanliness....averages out to 2 stars.
1	So dissapointing! I ordered the club that claims to be "piled high" with turkey ham lettuce mayo and cranberry sauce... Triple decker style.  I opened my sandwich and thought I had been given the wrong one. It was as tall as a sandwich with only 2 pieces of bread which was the first bad sign considering there was a 3rd piece of bread in there. The turkey was ok but the ham was minuscule and looked like Walmart pressed ham... Yuck! And the lettuce; one little sliver of iceberg. Waste of money!
5	Love their Bobby sandwich! Have to stop here everytime we visit. So yummy!
3	The sandwiches were made to order, the aroma of the food cooking on the hot grill teasing my nostrils, this place is legit.You get to choose most of the sandwiches from Small, Medium, and Large.  I ordered Mediums, thinking of Subway ... but the sandwiches were much bigger.  They say the medium is 12" long, but they seem longer than subways 12" (hey, no laughing)Ordered several sandwiches:CapastramiCran-Slam ClubChicken Cheese SteakHomemade Meatball SubDemanding a bite of each, the two that I liked a lot were the Capastrami & the Cran-Slam Club.  The Capastrami had thick tender slices of hot pastrami that was full of flavor, had a nice pink color, and wasn't dripping with oil (like some places).  The Cran-Slam club had fresh slow-roasted Turkey that was super moist and delicate, not dry and brittle.I heard that they will be opening locations near my house which is good.  Once that happens, I won't be as jealous about my cousins living so close to this location.
3	Always enjoyed this place but the last couple of times it appears that less meat and toppings are on the sandwich than before.
3	Sandwich shop is just OK.  Did not like the fact that they handed me my sandwich before requesting payment.  Quality of my Grilled Italian sandwich was OK.  My friends Ham and Cheese sandwich was not good.  Opened up the Ham and Cheese and it was in two parts.  Then folded the sandwich together and took one bite and it all fell apart and was very hard to hold and eat.  Place is at a good location, but service OK, & food quality OK.  Better sub shops in town to eat at, Jason's Deli or Sidewinders. =|
3	I had not been for quite awhile. The sandwiches are still very good but the "small" is much smaller than it used to be and the price has gone up quite a bit. $10+ for a small sandwich and small drink. My vote is to go 2 miles north to AZ sandwich co, much better value.
5	YUMMO!  Thanks to my hubby for introducing me to this sandwich shop!  This not your ordinary sub shop!  They make their turkey and roast beef and shred it fresh!  So awesome compared to sliced meat (less sodium and preservatives this way).  I love the homemade turkey sub and my husband loves the bobby!
4	This used to be a franchise shop...and it was great.  I would have given it 5 stars.  Since the owner sold the franchise back to corporate it is still really good...service is just not as great.  The food is still top notch.  The Capastomi sandwich is sooooo good.  Grilled pastrami on top of cole slaw...yes cole slaw with Russian dressing.  I'm not a big fan of cole slaw, but it absolutely makes this sandwich.  My family call the Capastromi sandwich "Unicorn Meat"...it's so good it's mythical.  Be sure to try out the "Dragon Meat" sandwiches at Phoenix Cheesesteak Co.  :)
2	spotty hours, food is incredible but I really do not understand how they can run out of bread. Kind of like going to McDonalds and not being able to order a burger.
4	I always get the vegetarian cheese steak (even though meat lovers would say there's no such thing as vegetarian cheese steak). Hot and totally delicious! The wait might be long during lunch, but I usually call ahead and get a take out. They also have a punch card that gets you the 10th sandwich free. Awesome sandwiches!
5	The chicken cheese steak w/ mushrooms and hot peppers occasionally appears in my dreams.Always great food and service.
3	Sandwiches are great but both times the service hasn't been good... Kinda leaves a bad taste.
5	I wanted to review this location since I'd just given a less than stellar review of a different location...The Ahwatukee store ROCKS!  I guess since I've always had really good food and service from this store, I'd come to expect the others to be just as good.  Unfortunately, that is not the case.My usual is the chicken cheese steak w/grilled mushrooms and onions, sweet peppers on the sandwich and hot peppers on the side.  Not many places around that you can order a chicken cheese steak where the chicken is actually sliced thin like a regular cheesesteak as opposed to big hunks of dried out chicken on a sandwich.  I've never had a bad one at this location. Never.  Like I said they are consistently good - that's why it was such a disappointment when twice at other locations the food was not as good as these guys make it here.  I don't think I'll try another location again...
2	Visited Capriotti's today for a Cheesesteak.When I walked in during lunch hour literally no one was present behind the counter.  After waiting a bit less than five minutes an employee emerged from the back and took my order.   Little by little after that employees continued to emerge from the back and finally the manager.  I doubt whatever spill they mentioned to me would have required the entire restaurant's staff to clean.Strangely today the shop wasn't busy nor were all the tables taken as usual.Aside from the strange service experience the sandwich was wonderful.
4	The Capastrami was amazing.  I'm not a sub or sandwich person but I believe its the sub bread that made this so great.  It was fresh as if it just came out of the oven and light - not dense.  Flavors were terrific and the pastrami was wonderful.  This place is practically around the corner from my house and I'll come back for more.
2	I ate "The Bobbie" which the girl said was their most popular. Well I guess I'm not a conformist excuse it was a fairly bland sandwich that basically just takes like canned shredded turkey and chewy bread.Not a fan.
5	OMG.A friend of mine had been raving about this place for months, and he finally talked me into going there a week ago. It was late at night, and there were 2 very attentive people on staff. I ordered the "Slaw Be Joe", which is shredded roast beef, russian dressing, provolone cheese, and mountains of cole slaw.  I'm not a big cole slaw fan, so I had my reservations, but it was awesome. I ordered a medium sized sandwich (I forget how many inches it is), and it was HUGE.  The slaw was cold, sweet, crisp and fresh. The meat was tender and juicy, and the bread fresh and toasty.  My friend got "The Bobby" which is basically a thanksgiving dinner in sandwich form. Turkey, stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, and possible gravy and cheese. I'm not sure, since I only had a bite, but the bite I had was delicious. Portions huge, food tastes great, prices very right.
5	Woohoo, this place is really good. a little spendy but you will not leave hungry.
1	Well we had about 6 people in our group order sandwiches... Watched 8 people order after us and get their sandwiches before any of us. Don't know what the logic in that is as I've been waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich and have watched over 10 people come and go within 5 minutes... Horrible.
5	Great sandwich! Better yet the staff our truly excellent. I left my purse there and they called me to let me know! Thanks again so much!
3	Eh. Nice employees but the sandwich was nothing special. Had the cole turkey. Wish it would have been sliced deli turkey instead of chunks of turkey. I had a little trouble finding the place because the sign is very small. Can't say that I'll be back since there are so many other options for subs.
2	I don't think this place is new, but they definitely don't have their stuff together. When I go to the one in central Phoenix they have my sandwich ready by the time I fill my drink. I don't expect that but this was unbelievably slow. Wheat bread is gross here too, It looks they just got it from the grocery store.
1	Totally overrated... the subs are nothing special with flavor or quality. Yes, better than subway but there are WAY better sandwich places - Quiznos is better and I don't go there either unless someone else insists.  There are at least 5 better places, not even considering grocery stores have better quality and selection!
2	I must agree with some of the other reviewers, that the place is nice and all but the sandwiches are nothing special. I mean they are very basic, and there is nothing wrong with that, but if I want a basic sandwich I will make it myself. The reason for the poor star quantity is the fact that if I had to choose between this place and Subway, I'd choose the latter because it's cheaper and tastier - and that isn't what you want to hear if you are in the cutthroat making-sandwiches-industry. I truly went in here to test something new, and it was around lunch and could go for a sandwich (I mean really, when could you NOT go for a sammie.. right?!). Middle of the road. Not bad, far from amazing. I wouldn't bother. Service was decent though. All smiles and an interest to serve, but smiles and intentions a good sandwich does not make.
5	The Capastrami was awesome! One of the best subs that I have had in a long time. Very nice staff and clean restaurant. Very fulfilling.
3	I went with a buddy who swears by the cheesesteaks. I opted for a turkey sandwich with coleslaw and swiss. I will say I was impressed that they roast whole turkeys here for the sandwicehs, so no thin processed turkey on teh sandwich. I would prefer if they baked their own bread, but that's not a huge deal. I ordered the "small" sandwich, that was stil huge! all in all, good turkey sandwich
4	Loved it!!!! Great sandwiches, good service, We really like this place even though it's a bit out of the way and small. The food is good. My wife and I eat here at least once a week and have yet to be disappointed. I love the Cheese Steak with mushrooms and onion!!!
4	This was my first time here on a whim. I ordered the veggie turkey even though I'm in no way following a vegetarian regimen. I asked for wheat roll and unfortunately they only have wheat available for regular sandwiches, not subs. Even though, I was not disappointed by the flavorful roll of the sub! The veggie turkey was just as if I was having real true turkey and would not hesitate to return and try more of the menu if our paths cross again.
3	I'm a big fan of sub sandwiches, so I was excited to try this place. While I feel like the ingredients are definitely quality, the one thing I can't get past is the use of a sweet slaw as an ingredient instead of lettuce. I am not a fan of sweet coleslaw and much prefer a vinegar slaw. Even salt can't help me out. So, if you like sweet coleslaw, I think you'll really like these subs. But if not, this isn't going to thrill you.
4	Great sandwich very well built and it had all that you would want in it. Filled me up and I was very happy with it.   I will be back for more
4	Man they make a good sandwich here. The Thanksgiving themed one is great as well as the pastrami. The bread is very tasty with the right amount of chew.Its a small place, the kitchen /grill takes up most of it. I will say a lil pricey but its def higher quality the the super chains out there.
4	I'm not gonna tell you anything that the other reviews haven't already mentioned. True, the "Bobbie" is the marque menu item here, and it's really as good as advertised (if you like a good thanksgiving sandwich.) Other than that, I have not been blown away by the food here, above average sandwiches and the like, just not amazing.Service has been great here though. Several occasions they have run out of something, and comped or discounted parts of our order. These guys have a mom and pop feel despite being a franchise.
1	Worst sandwich I have ever had. Got the roast beef sub. So dry like eating cardboard. Took 2 bites and threw the rest away. Never again!!!
4	Seriously, best sandwich I've had in a while. Definitely start with the Bobbie. Then work your way over to the other delicious things you can put in between pieces of bread. Oh, they do salads too.
4	I had no idea this was so close to where I live. The sandwiches here never disappoint, the staff is always friendly and the price is unbeatable for what you get. My only reasoning for 4 instead of 5 stars is that I wish it were a smidge cleaner on the inside.
1	DO NOT EAT HEREThis is by far the worst excuse for a sandwich shop, or any restaurant for that matter, that I have ever been to.  I have been here 3 times now and 2 of the 3 have been absolutely awful.  First time was ok, nothing spectacular but at least the food was decent.  The second time was much worse and the third time was the last straw for me.  I ordered a turkey sandwich.  The guy working the register didn't give me change so instead of canceling the transaction and reopening the register he decided to give me money out of his own wallet and told me "he'd make it up in tips".  OK.  Also told me to get a free drink for the inconvenience, which I declined.  Literally 4 more people came in, ordered, and all got their sandwiches (1 of which was wrong so he also was offered a free drink for inconvenience) before I got mine.  Two of the orders before me were hot so they had to cook on the flattop.  I spoke up and asked what the deal was.  Everyone looked at each other like I was the crazy one when finally a guy, who I'm assuming was the manager, appeared from the back and gave me a refund upon my request.  Two out of three times these morons messed up my order and I will never eat here again.  I tell all my friends and coworkers not to eat here and now I am telling you DO NOT EAT HERE.  I would give this rat hole zero stars if possible.  Look around and you will see filthy floors, grease stains behind the cook station, public restrooms where they prepare the turkey.  The restrooms are literally in the kitchen.  You have to walk thru the prep station to use them.  Are you kidding me?  How is this sanitary?  This place and all of the people who work here disgust me.Finally, if the owner or store manager somehow comes across this post I would highly recommend a turnover in employees because the ones who work this store are incompetent and are also costing you money by handing out free drinks and not zeroing out register transactions.  DO NOT GO HERE
4	The sandwich is such a good deal if you get the 20" sub. I got the turkey sandwich the first time and added vinegar and oil as dressing. The turkey was very dry and needed a pastier or more liquid dressing to season but the vegetables on the sandwich were fresh and complemented the vinegar and oil well. The second time I got the Italian sausage with mushrooms. This took a while to come out but the taste was worth the wait. The sauce was a fresh tomato paste that was warm and tangy on the greasy and delicious sausage. The mushrooms were a great add since it creates a certain texture and flavor that  swirls in the mouth well. The bread both times was soft and great tasting as it is white bread. The decor and place itself are a bit drab but I think they expect people to take it out more often than not. This sandwich place is very delicious and I would recommend it.
2	They had 2 people working the lunch rush, no brainer they need at least one more.  I eat at capriottis all the time and it was my first trip to this location.   I was severely underwhelmed and my sandwich was ok at best.
2	Had a mushroom cheese steak. Normally a very tender juicy sandwich. Not this time. Tough and dry. Trainee needs more supervision and training.
3	Not bad. Bit overrated and over priced. Unless it's was my only choice, probably wouldn't go back.
5	This review begins and ends with the Bobbie. The Bobbie was introduced in 1989 at Capriotti's and is arguably their most popular sandwich. It features turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo. It's like a portable Thanksgiving dinner that can be enjoyed anywhere and at anytime of the year.I'd love to add some info on their other sandwiches, but quite honestly, I've never ordered anything but the Bobbie.
4	Small takeout shop with no seating area but well worth the hype and the price. The sandwich are made with quality ingredients and guarantee to satisfy your tastebuds. Don't expect average from this place and prepare yourself to pay the price for the quality.
5	I have heard about this place for several years from a friend, but never tried it until today. Don't make the same mistake I did. Go here next time you want a REAL sandwich. REAL MEAT, not some roll of pressed stuff. My FRESH TURKEY SUB was great. The bread was good, and not to doughy. The pepper relish gave it a great zing. The prices are very fair for a sandwich made with real meat. This is now regular fast food sub shop sandwich.I am looking forward to trying several things on the menu here. The THANKSGIVING Bobbi looks good.  I'll be back...My old favorite at AZ Sandwich company, who have been screwing up my orders lately, may not see me for a while.
5	Order the Bobbie - you won't regret it!!!! Tastes like Thanksgiving on a sandwich. I love going to Capriotti's for lunch. This location is close to my work so I call it in and go pick it up. Always fresh, very flavorful, high quality food. My favorite is the Bobbie sandwich but their cheesesteak is also tasty - don't forget to add sweet peppers!
5	All I can comment on is how great The Bobbie is as it is the only thing I've ever ordered because it is sandwich perfection!
5	I love this sandwich place! They have several vegetarian options and the sandwiches are HUGE! The veggie philly cheese steak is amazing and I would eat them everyday if I could. They are fast and very friendly as well. I have been to several locations and they are consistently delicious
5	Mmmm.... Baby it's COLD outside but oh SO hot & YUM inside. Tiny little sandwich shop that is BIG on smiles, service & customer satisfaction. The Capistrami is RIDICULOUSLY yummy and Philly Cheese Steak was a vision of beauty ... Or so says the Pittsburgh guy. Drive by & say HI...
