4	Hubby and I had been excited a few weeks ago when it looked like the large restaurant space that had been closed forever in the corner of the Arizona Center near the Cold Stone and UNO was being occupied. It happened that when we went to the AMC this afternoon it was open, so we decided to check it out afterward.The atmosphere was very inviting. They have lots of normal looking outdoor seating with heat lamps hanging above and then a very cool patio lounge area with boxy sofas and coffee tables, perfect for cocktails and appetizers. Inside, the decor was sparse but warm, lots of tans and brick, trac lighting, and an acoustic paneled ceiling.  The lighting was not obnoxiously dim as in some other trendy spots (what are they trying to hide, I always wonder), and there was a TV, but it was projected onto three large smoky glass divider panels and so could be viewed from the bar and from the dining room (but there, it was backwards). The music was at just the right level and ranged from R&B to Euro Pop. 1130 has a lot of steaks (choose your own cut and then from 5 prep methods), seafood items, and pasta. I am not a wine gal, so someone else will have to tell you if the selection is any good. They also had a short menu of specialty martinis and cocktails, and local (8th St) and import beer on tap.We were seated and quickly given filtered water from a clear glass wine bottle which was left on the table after our glasses were filled- a nice touch. I chose the Seafood & Steak Skewer ($19) which our very nice waiter Randy said was his favorite. He did warn me that the salmon tended to come out "medium" in the middle (I guess he'd had a complaint from some lady). When I got the plate, the presentation was nice, with the skewers on a bed of rice (they said it was pilaf, but they must have been joking), with green beans (perfectly cooked and seasoned), a delicious fruit salsa, and a piece of warm toasty bread spread with honey butter and then topped with melted co-jack (yummo). The seafood skewer was mushroom, zucchini, red bell pepper, shrimp, and salmon. The salmon was perfectly cooked and will be my next entree here. It's hard to find good seafood in AZ let alone people who don't kill it twice by cooking it far too long. The tenderloin chunks were also cooked a perfect medium-rare as I had requested, but were a bit under-seasoned. Hubby had the Pasta Rustica ($14)- penne with grilled chicken (kind of tough), spicy Italian sausage chunks (very tasty) and a delicious marinara sauce. It was a huge portion, more than he could eat. The only thing that just was not very good was the so-called pilaf.  It tasted like poorly cooked white rice to me.The dessert menu is limited to 4 items: cheesecake (but since I make the world's best, we just don't bother when dining out), strawberry shortcake for two, key lime and mango pie, and the s'more. So we got the s'more because we were curious- it arrived in a ramekin, and was essentially a dark chocolate cake, left kind of fudgy in the middle, with graham cracker crumbs on the bottom (although the cake really absorbs the flavor and texture), and toasted marshmallows on top. It was delicious, but so rich and chocolaty that I found myself desperate for milk. We shared one, but we couldn't finish it. Our server told us that the owner and developer is the same as Sam's Cafe's. Apparently the location of 1130 had already housed more than one restaurant that had gone under pretty quickly, but that under this guy's management, 1130 could avoid that fate. I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the service since they have only been open for two weeks. New restaurants so often are an organizational and staffing mess for the first few months, but apparently 1300 has avoided this.We certainly hope 1130 does well. It's nice to have a great new restaurant in the Arizona Center (to which we go regularly for the movies). Four and a half stars.
4	I stumbled on to this restaurant, after seeing the space going empty for a long time. It's a little out of the way at the Arizona Center, unless you are in the parking garage you could overlook it.I went in for happy hour. The space is large and attractive, with plenty of outdoor seating and conversation areas. The waiter, hostess and manager were all very friendly and very helpful. And of course, there's the food. I opted for the mussels and the grilled asparagus (a great restaurant has to do vegetables right). Both were well prepared, ample and delicious.I agree totally with the review from Kerstin M above, and she's a much better writer. I just wanted to add my kudos for a fine new restaurant in the area.
4	Went there on a Sunday and ended up being the only people in the place.  So the service was fine and the two items we ordered were very good.  A salmon sandwich and a turkey burger with veggie slaw.  I'd go back.
3	The food was fairly standard and service just a little odd, but I'm picky - when you repeat back "dressing on the side" and then bring the salad wearing its dressing, that's a fail.  Lucky for you, it wasn't overdressed, and as an added bonus the chicken was nice and moist.  Please don't call me sweetheart.  I'm older than you and it seems weird.  I had "cobb" salad on my receipt even though I had the "asian" salad.  I sure hope there isn't a price differential, potential stealer pants!I'm not clamoring to get back for a meal, but I would very happily kick it out on the patio with a glass of wine and some snacks pre or post movie.
1	I'm surprised to see all the great reviews for this place - I think its terrible in many ways...I work across the street and my coworkers and I often head over to the AZ center for Happy Hour. We've tried 1130 a few times and each time leave disappointed. This place tries to be more than it is and charges a pretty penny for its mediocre food and horrible service. I've been in there when there are only 2 other tables filled in the entire place and not seen my waiter for 20 minutes. My glass empty and my group ready for another round.On our last trip, we got there 10 minutes before they started happy hour - they wouldn't serve us at happy hour prices, so we said come back in 10 minutes then. Most places I've been will gladly serve you and just wait to punch in the order in a few minutes, but 1130 was not interested in do this. So, after 10 minutes, no waiter. 25 minutes, no waiter. Some goofy dude came out after a while and told us our waiter was getting dressed and would be right out.... Another 10 minutes later, she made her way out and we finally got our order in!!When she brought our beers ( 2 8th Streets, 2 Blue Moons) she handed us the glasses - who does that? Every place I've ever been sits them on the table rather than awkwardly hand them to you risking spilling it all over you... Whats worse is the pint glasses weren't even full!! They looked as though our late dressing waitress had taken a fat gulp out of them on her way to our table!!We also ordered some Calamari, luckily it was happy hour so it was 1/2 way affordable, but it was heavy on the garnish and few on the calamaris. There were 4 of us and you know how it is when you share an ap, nobody wants to be the one to finish it - well, our waitress finally made her way back to our table (after I had an empty glass for over 10 minutes) and without asking took the plate of calamari! For RUDE! Paws off lady, ask first before grabbing at our food. Overall, this place is trying to be way more than it actually is. Its way overpriced for what you get. The service is horrendous - and I say that only after giving it several tries. It might be an okay place to grab a drink (it is cozy afterall) but even at $3.25 happy hour pints, it ain't cheap. I just don't see it lasting long at that location.
3	My friend/co-worker and I had a very nice happy hour at 1130 on Thursday. We had an event at the Herberger Theater Center that evening, so we needed someplace close; plus, we are always interested in anything different (since we end up at the same places night after night near the theatre). When we approached the door, there was a big sign/board out front advertising their happy hour martini special. Fabulous.We were promptly seated and enjoyed the beautiful 80-something degree afternoon. Our waiter was nice but when he told us about the drink specials he failed to mention the martini special that had most interested us. When we asked about the martinis, he said, "Oh, those aren't included in the happy hour, but I'll see if I can put it through for you." - Like he was doing us a favor. I said, "It's advertised right there," and pointed to the sign. We got our drinks.I can't remember the name of my martini, but it had PAMA liqueur in it, and it was great. My friend had the Bikini-Tini (see, that name I remember!) and loved hers as well.We took advantage of the discounted happy hour and ordered the lobster lettuce wraps (highly recommended by the waiter) and the queso crab dip. These two appetizers were more than enough for us, and I was really impressed by the quality and freshness of the lobster wraps. If you like lobster, order them. Before we had finished our food, the waiter came back and told us he wanted to give us a dessert on the house. It was a really nice offer, but he stared eagerly at us, waiting for our order, and we weren't done with our food yet. We didn't want to think about dessert right then. My friend said, "Great. Maybe in a little bit though?" We felt bad sending him away when he was offering us a free dessert, but we were in conversation and enjoying our food and had time on our side .... we didn't want to rush. We would have rather paid for dessert or just gone without. He came back twice asking about the dessert .....Finally we were ready. We ordered the Key Lime Pie that came with an amazing mango sauce. It was a huge piece of pie, and it was delicious. We left 1130 feeling happy, full, and relaxed .... And doted on just a little too much. I will definitely go back, though. Working so close to a place with a nice happy hour is a good find.
3	The restaurant is situated in the worst location of the Arizona Center. The owners other restaurant (Sam's Cafe) got the primo spot with the patio. They have a pretty trendy bar area, and great burgers. I like the fact that there is something on the menu to please everyone, from burgers, chicken picatta, pasta, salads, you name it. The service is acceptable, and the food decent as well. I thought the restaurant overall was a fun place for a group, with decent enough food, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to return.
2	You want bland food? You want mediocre service? You want to feel hip and trendy even though you are a middle aged man wearing docker's slacks and penny loafers? Go to the 1130. It's the spot downtown for yuppie white collar stiffs. The food is typical of any "hip" steakhouse, overdone (good luck getting a rare steak) and overpriced. This place is so caught up on image that it neglects the reason people go out to eat, the food.
4	This restaurant was great - I was visiting Phoenix for a work conference and this place is located right near the convention center and chase field in downtown.  Food was pretty good, portion size was great and our server (Amber) was awesome.  Very attentive staff, convenient location and yummy food.  Our total for our party of five people was about $150.
4	We returned to 1130 for the third time last night. I was craving steak, and remembered that I had seen that they had several options for cut and topping. We were seated immediately in a restaurant that was fuller than we had ever seen it. Our server came quickly, and proved to be adequate, but her style needed some polish. Maybe you could wait more than 2 seconds after giving us the drink menu to ask what we want? Anyway, they were out of Fat Tire, to Hubby's disappointment, but I enjoyed my Stella on tap. Hubby ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken (subbed for the shrimp). Bad choice, simply because he had just had Pizza a Metro's gnocchi with Alfredo the other day. No one but Mario Batali might top Maurizio's glorious sauce (Hubby just chimed in with "yeah, and that's a *maybe*") . We discovered that the honey butter cheesy bread was now quite different- no discernible honey and too much cheese. So why the four stars, when nothing yet seems to have been really stellar? The steak, my friends, the steak. Ribeye, medium rare, Classic Phoenix Seasoning. Pretty damn near perfect. The best steak I've had in a long time. I'll be back for more.
3	We went here on a Saturday afternoon and this place was incredibly empty.  They had brunch specials going on, including $2 bloody mary's and mimosas, but we were more in the mood for lunch.  Except for the bloody mary, I had to try one.  It came out in a high-ball-sized glass.  Boo!  But it was really tasty. Yay!  The hubby remembered a sign outside the restaurant a few weeks back that said they had Arrogant Bastard, and he got a 22 oz bottle for $4.75.  Hey, that's not fair!!Next up: the wings.  We were a bit hesitant to order them when the waitress informed us that they are "seasoned" but not sauced, so they can't be ordered hot.  We did ask for them crispy though, and the waitress even asked the cooks to throw them back in for a few minutes when they came out not visibly crispy.  These non-traditional wings were actually pretty damn good.  The seasoning was a little spicy and salty with just a hint of sweet.  If I were in the mood for the tang and kick of Frank's Hot Sauce, these wouldn't cut it, but otherwise they were good enough to go back again for.My entree was the Tilapia salad, and I was a bit disappointed.  The fish was a bit dry and uninspired. And the greens underneath were overdressed and wilted.  I ate the greens around the fish and picked out the almonds and Mandarin oranges, but I had to leave the mush hiding underneath the fish.It wasn't bad enough to say I wouldn't go back, but I won't be anxiously awaiting my next trip.
4	My friend, Heather, and I had a lovely dinner at 1130 on Saturday night. We made unnecessary reservations (don't you just hate that - you make a reservation and the place is empty??) for 5:45 PM because we were seeing ATC's Enchanted April at the Herberger, and I needed to be at the theatre by 7:15 PM. Heather had the Raspberry Cosmo and I had the Bellini-Tini (vodka and peach schnapps). Both were delicious!For dinner, Heather got the Pasta Rustica, and I had the Smothered Chicken. I devoured my meal. The grilled chicken was on rice pilaf and was definitely smothered in a Red Pepper cream sauce. Then, the chicken was topped with goat cheese and spinach. Yum! Heather liked her pasta dish too, but she tasted mine and said that next time she'll get the chicken.While I nursed my one drink, Heather enjoyed a cup of french roast coffee that came out in a French press and smelled heavenly. As we walked over to the theatre, Heather commented, "That was a really great meal." I agree.
3	I've decided that I need to get out more downtown for lunch and happy hour after work, since I'm so close.  A group of us went here for lunch.  Most ordered salad's which were huge everyone liked.  As a vegetarian, I found that the menu didn't have many options for me.  I could have order a good wrap or sandwich minus the meat, but $15 for the lobster wrap minus the lobster is a little steep.  All the main dish salads had meat too, which I was disappointed to see.  Service was pretty good , although the place wasn't busy.  They did bring out a yummy strawberry shortcake thing for a coworkers birthday, with plenty to share for 7 of us.  All in all, I probably won't be back because of the menu, but the atmosphere is nice.
2	To quote Pulp Fiction here..."buddy holly isnt much of a waiter"  The food despite the best effort of our server, was good, as well as the atmosphere, drinks and price.  However, when telling your customer, that sometimes the pesto chicken pasta makes him immediately nausious, I have to wonder how much business they lose because of him.  It wasn't all too busy and we seemed to have to wait on everything.  Overall my experience was good, but have to 2-star this place because of the "entertaining service" that we recieved.
4	I met my yelper buddy Dottsy for happy hour before a show at the Herberger.  This was my first time and hers as well-at the restaurant.  I arrived about 15 minutes early but decided to get a table and start on a cocktail.  I may as well have waited outside as the server was absentee.  When he finally arrived, he did apologize however.We ordered the lobster lettuce cups and sweet chili calamari.  The lobster cups were chunks of lobster meat, avocado, and a veggie slaw-really good.  We ordered the calamari at the server's suggestion.  I am not generally a huge fan of calamari, but this was soooo gooood.  Perfectly cooked, and the sweet chili sauce was just enough to give it a little zing, but not overpower the dish.  And the serving was HUGE, and I'm an eater.  I was sorry we didn't have time to finish it.  I considered dumping it in my purse, but not sure the other theater patrons would have appreciated that.Happy hour prices are great as well.  I think our bill came to $30 for a glass of wine, a specialty drink, and the two appetizers.  Definitely four stars for happy hour in spite of the slow start.  I'll have to try dinner next time.
3	I can't believe I haven't written my review on 1130 yet! I had a very nice happy hour with my pal Heather C here. We met before going to watch a performance at the Herberger. The weather was really nice so I was glad that Heather chose a patio table. Our waiter was a kid. I mean, I know I'm getting older, but he was a clumsy kid who fumbled through the drink specials and needed some sharpness. With such a cool sleek spot, you would probably want a more professional waiter. Just my opinion. We decided on the lobster lettuce cups that were rather large and surprisingly full of lobster meat! I really liked the appetizer, I was wishing for more acid but it was still refreshing and tasty. We took our waiter's suggestion and ordered the calamari. What a surprise! I really liked the calamari! It came drizzled with a sweet chili sauce and had pepperocinis tossed into the mix.It was great! I loved how the sweetness of the calamari meat, and the chili sauce played well with the tanginess of the pepperocinis! I had some kind of peach martini that was WAY too sweet for my taste, but I guess for a girly drink it was ok. I hope that next time we'll have more time to linger and maybe even have dinner. I look forward to trying their other offerings.
2	Just wasn't impressed. Went for dinner after my first-first Friday. The over cooked calamari was OK because of the sweet chili sauce. I love french fries, these again were OK I'd give them 6 on a scale of 1-10. French fries are a treat so I was disappointed. The lobster lettuce rolls, the lobster was tasteless (frozen?). The fried won ton strips seemed out of place.. The cheese bread that came with both our meals also seemed out of place and a bit off. You know that sour cheese vibe, not funky good cheese but the other. Our waiter was friendly, still service wasn't fantastic. Seems like a corner cafe trying to be a french bistro and failing at both. The best part of the meal was first the company, my niece and second the wine, third the waiter! I hate wasting my money and calories on mediocre---- Peace Out
3	A buddy and I went to 1130 for lunch one day to try something new. We were about the only people in the place but were waited on promptly. This is a good thing and in sharp contrast to places like FEZ. The waitress brought us a pitcher of "filtered spring water" which was something I'd never had before at a restaurant. We were there for lunch and the prices were lunch-appropriate. Most meals were under $10.Something I just noticed while looking at their website - they have completely different menus depending on lunch or dinner. I hate this, to begin, because I am the type of person who goes to a place to order a specific dish. If that dish is not on the menu all the time, I probably won't go back because I won't know what time my meal will be served. Also, this review is of the lunch menu. The dinner menu seems overpriced and bland. I may go back for dinner some day.I tried the Black & Bleu Burger. Pretty standard concept: burger with bleu cheese. It was decent. I ordered it medium and it was a little browner than I like it but not well done by any means. The whole wheat bun was a nice touch and the veggies seemed fresh. The fries that came along with the burger were fabulous. Freshly cut and fried, it was like In N Out but without the cardboard taste. They made the meal.After this experience, I decided that it would make a good place for Mother's Day. The wife and I brought my mother to lunch a few days later. This time, the place was a bit more crowded but the service was still excellent. We sat out on the patio which has a nice view of the courtyard area and is well shaded. Generally a nice place to sit, drink, and people-watch.I ordered the Lobster Salad Wrap this time around and was quite satisfied. Very light and healthy meal with delectable lobster. I generally make a rule not to eat seafood when I cant see the ocean but this was a great exception. The wife and the mother were quite happy with their food as well.Generally speaking, 1130 has some very positive things going for it. The food is quality, not great, but good enough for Arizona Center. The wait staff is helpful and attentive. It's not as good as Sam's Cafe (owned by the same group) but is better than most of the other option in AZ Center. The concept is a failing one, however. From the name - as if you would get it confused with 1130: The Time, to the decor - a wanna be night club and not in the way that Palazzo was, there is something wrong with this place. The bar seems nice but at lunch it is always empty and at night it seems to be full of a 30-something business crowd. I would recommend it if you are going to a movie or the theatre. Otherwise, don't go out of your way to find 1130: The Restaurant. Finally, by just looking over the dinner menu, I can conclude that I would never go for dinner at the prices they charge. $20 for BBQ Pork Ribs is unacceptable for anyone not named Morton.
4	Great lunch, and better service.  The grilled chicken and crab dip were a good combination and left me satisfied and happy.  I'll definitely be back.
2	A huge disappointment.  A friend who works in the Arizona Center took us to 1130.  I ordered a "Black and Bleu Burger" medium.  Was told there's a choice of fries or slaw... asked if I could get both... told no.  ?? How hard would it be to arrange that?  The burger came... way overcooked... with a tiny smear (about the diameter of a fifty-cent piece) of what might have been blue cheese.  When our server finally appeared, she asked "How is everything?"... I told her what the problem was... she smiled and walked away, never having offered any solution to the problem.  I will say the iced tea was good.
2	1130 is so lackluster it's almost painful, and what's with the name?  Is it supposed to be a time or location?  I don't know, but I'm done guessing.  I've been here twice and I don't even remember what I ordered, not even remotely.  I usually remember what I order when I eat at a good restaurant.  This is not the case.After perusing their menu online in hopes of sparking my memory, I was able to determine what I ate here.  The first time I had the Asian Chicken Salad.  The second time, well, I can't figure it out.  The salad was boring.  Even Wendy's has a better Asian Salad than this, and it tastes fresher.  My lettuce was definitely on the wilted side and had lost most of the crispness and flavor that usually comes along with fresh lettuce.  The chicken itself was very dry and very bland.  Dry chicken can really kill a salad.  I do have to point out that the dressing it came with was very nice and appropriate in flavor.  Unfortunately, dressing alone cannot save a salad.I was totally ready to like this place.  It's close by my house and great for people watching on the outdoor patio.  Alas, I could never love a place that can't even cook a proper chicken breast.  Even I can cook chicken as long as I have Mr. Foreman by my side.  Skip this place, you're not missing out.
4	I came here for brunch.  Since I hadn't had a good meal in Phoenix yet, I was a little worried.  I worried for nothing-- the food was really good.  My eggs benedict was very tasty.  I would definitely come back.The only criticism was that the tea selection was a little poor.  I would expect something better than Bigelow.
4	After Amber, a manager/owner I am assuming, sent me a couple dining certificates to 1130, I decided to come back during earth hour since they have such a great patio.  What a turnaround I experienced this time.We were seated immediately but we waited a good 5-10 minutes before someone came over to us.  Our server, J, came over and sincerely apologized.  He took our drink order and immediately came back with our sodas.  We had decided what to eat and I ordered the Sirloin in Cancun style (spice rubbed with a creamy wine sauce with peppers, corn, and shrimp) and the husband ordered a burger.  J recommended a particular burger that was only on the lunch menu, stating it was way better, and hooked the husband up with that one instead.My steak was very good, although slightly undercooked in the very middle only.  It only makes sense because it was so thick and everywhere else was perfect.  The asparagus that came with it was very well grilled and seasoned and was a perfect accompaniment to the slab of meat.  During our meal, J kept our sodas constantly full.  When we finished he offered us dessert and we politely declined.  We usually never order desserts at restaurants because too often they aren't prepared in house.  This was not good enough for J, and he wasn't taking no for an answer.  After a little prodding, a wink, and an "I'm feeling extra nice today" he hooked us up with a free cheesecake, which we were delighted to learn was made in house.  We devoured that, it was very good.  He came back and asked us about it and the husband mentioned the crust being a little dry.  I told him some more butter will solve that and he said he would pass it on to the kitchen.Experience means a lot to me when it comes to rating a restaurant.  If I have a great server, it will improve my feelings for a restaurant.  J was absolutely amazing.  He was friendly, attentive, and really nice to chat with.  What a wonderful evening we had dining by candlelight on the patio.  Even though I had 20 dollars off my meal thanks to the concern of the management I would give 1130 the 4 stars had I paid for my whole meal.  I will probably be back again, but I will definitely request J, and you should too.
4	I'm still not comfortable with how long it takes for servers to get to you and for the kitchen to turn out food, but the food is good.  I only wrote this update to give an extra star in support of the most amazing server I have ever had; J.  Go and ask for him.  If he's not there, tell them you aren't coming back till he is.
4	This is my third or fourth time coming here, and I have never, ever had a negative experience. The staff is very polite and very attentive to whatever you need. The food was excellent and we always come for $2 mimosas during brunch on saturdays/sundays. Once we entered, we were seated within a few minutes (they were making a table for our larger party). We got our first round of mimosas, and we were impressed. Very good blend of OJ and champagne, not too much of either. The selection of food is realllllllly good. They offer brunch from 11-3 on sat/sun and the specials are amazing. We had a lobster omelette, which was AMAZING. It was a decent-sized omelette with 5-6 huge chunks of lobster on top and mixed into the omelette. They do top it with quite a lot of sauce, so if you are not a sauce kind of person, I would recommend getting it on the side. We also had walnut-maple pancakes, which were very good as well. They were a little cold when we got them, but they were still good. Another person orded the grilled salmon sandwich and another got steak eggs benedict. Everyone was pleased. For 3 rounds of mimosas and 5 entrees, the bill came out to about $100. Not cheap but definitely not expensive. We ate outside in perfect weather on a saturday morning, so the whole experience was relaxing. I will continue to come back here over and over again.
5	$2 MIMOSAS!! $2 MIMOSAS!! EXCELLENT SERVICE. Our group was seated a minute after we got there (we had 5 in our group) and we sat outside. Beautiful Saturday to have brunch.The menu selection was excellent. I had the Steak & Eggs Benedict- and it was PERFECT. And the potatoes that came with it were delicious! PS. $2 MIMOSAS!!!
2	The customer service was absolutely awful.  The manager ended up being our waitress because they were short staffed.  After 30 minutes and still no drinks, we went up to the bar our selves to get our drinks.  Next came our salads.  One salad had something plastic in it, looked like one of those hairnet jobs.  My colleague was asked to take her fork off the plate so she could use it for the main course.  The manager did not even have enough common sense to realize that she should give the lady new utensils given that the ones on the plate touched what ever was in the salad. The food was good, but the orders were screwed up.  Instead of taking the plates back, the manager had us use our hands to transfer the steaks from one plate to the next.  Still the order was actually wrong.  Fortunately, the steak was excellent, but I can find better steak elsewhere and get much better service at Outback.
4	I went here for a wine tasting with the Arizona Winebats and had a great time. The  people were really nice, the wine was good and the appetizers we had for our event were very good and plentiful. I will definitely go back for dinner or more yummy appetizers.
1	I USE to love 1130 when the service and managers were courteous and nice. The last trip to 1130 we double dated with new comers because we raved about the food and the service. We have been here at least a half dozen times and ordered the salmon, calamari, steak salad, mimosas, happy hour beers/cocktails, burgers. All great until this past trip. We go here so often I have bought gift certificates through restaurants.com that is $25 off a $50 bill of ALCOHOL+FOOD. So using this certificate was no problem the first time we went; the waiter checked with her manager before we even ordered to make sure it was alcohol+food. Both said it was valid. So I bring in another certificate a month later, and it's a whole new story when the bill comes. This waitress tells us we are not allowed to use it for our drinks, only food. Contradicting themselves from the month previous we used it. Then the manager comes over and I explain to her the situation and they honored our certificate the month before no questions asked, but she insisted in arguing with me for about ten minutes asking who the manager was, whats their name and waitress' name who "approved" this the last time.  After fighting with the he-she, she said she will honor it this time but not the next time with a bad attitude and stormed off. I have worked years in the food industry and you NEVER argue for any amount of time with the customer. ESPECIALLY if you honored the certificate then change your tune the next visit. I was humiliated in front of our friends we invited out and appalled that the manager had the balls to argue with me for ten minutes. I have another certificate for 1130 and WILL BE THROWING IT OUT, WE WILL NOT BE BACK and told all our friends/family what happened. That is not how you conduct your business if you want to keep customers happy and spreading your praise!  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT.
1	SLOWEST SERVICE IN PHOENIX, GREAT BLOODY MARY MIX, SALTY, STALE FOOD, WHAT A WASTE!--EXCELLENT bloody mary, and for $2 special, Sat-Sun 11a-3p! One star (up from zero) for an excellent drink. THAT'S IT.--walked in to find a customer at the podium waiting to complain about being abandoned at his patio table for the last 30 minutes--waited 15 minutes for our first round of drinks in the bar--when our party joined us and we sat, waited 10 minutes to have our drink order taken;--25 more minutes for our drinks to arrive (we insisted she take our order before leaving);--food arrived more than _one hour_ after ordering--the scrambled eggs were crusty and old, obviously made hours earlier; we were too hungry and pissy to send them back -- GET ME THE HELL OUT OF HERE!--the lobster bits and their sauce were nothing but salt! A salt lick would have been less salty.--gratuity was automatically added (forced upon us) despite the delays, and with no apologies--no parking validations available; they said they "ran out". WHAT!!?If I ever go back, I'll go straight to the bar and hope for quicker service on a Bloody Mary by itself. I probably won't.
4	So, So Glad I gave this place a 2nd chance. This time was excellent from start to finish. Server 1088, Cassand (I am presuming that is short for Cassandra?) had a bright, cheery disposition and maintained that attitude throughout my visit. Beer was exceptionally cold in a frosted pint, and my Burger and fries, which were perfection, was in front of me within literally minutes of ordering. Glass of ice water and an ice-cold bottle of water for refills was presented without asking. Very fair prices. Wonderful experience. SO MUCH BETTER done than my last visit. Cheers!
3	Although I did not eat at 1130, I visited the bar a couple of times.There are 2 small TVs facing the bar, and 2 giant screens behind the bar.  I found it a little odd that one of the screens was backwards.  Turns out it's meant for patrons on the other side of the restaurant.  Not a big deal - but the owner may want to find another way to allow those in the restaurant to watch TV.Both bartenders that I met (Dale and Cassie...and Dale was cute too!) were very personable and made me feel comfortable sitting at the bar by myself.  Drinks were reasonably priced (at least for what I'm used to in the DC area)...$2 and some change for Bud Light on tap.My only negative comment about this restaurant is that it closes at 10pm on most nights!  I went because it was located very close to my hotel and the staff were friendly, but 10pm is so early, especially on a weekend night!  Suggestion to the owner - stay open later and give Hooters some competition!Overall, this is a decent place to hangout and have a few drinks.  They also have weekday happy hour specials like ladies night on Thursday.
4	I stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon after the Phoenix AIDS Walk. I was hungry and looking for good, service, good food, and good prices. 1130 did not disappoint. I was seated quickly with a nice view out the windows and the server didn't waste time taking my order.Happy Hour went until 11:30 a.m. and included a $2 mimosa or bloody mary. Both were quite good. It was still breakfast-ish time so I had the walnut-banana pancakes.... and inhaled them. I drink lots and lots of water, and a full glass of water when I'm out is my barometer for a great tip or a good tip. The server brought out a big chilled glass bottle of water, so I was a happy camper. It's too bad the restaurant is in the Arizona Center.  I don't particularly like the Arizona Center. It's some wannabe suburban strip mall, where all the stores and restaurant face away from the street. But If I was back at the Arizona Center, I would go to 1130 again.
3	David B. puts it best when he states, "It's a solid, inoffensive choice for anyone looking for a meal at the Arizona Center, but it's hard to escape the conclusion that the restaurant's customers could indeed "have it so much better" if 1130 would sharpen its focus."  The food offers just that nothing to sing about. We had the calamari which was deep fried with a heavy batter and a heavy sweet and sour syrup. The steak salad was relatively straight forward, cold sliced steak, a spring lettuce mix, blue cheese and pecans. A great combination but it was bland and uninspiring. The food was average but the service was fantastic, the wait staff overflowed with refills and prompt service
4	Downtown PHX can be hit or miss with food. I had a dinner meeting with someone and thought I would give it a shot. While the place was pretty empty at 6pm, it picked up as the night went on. The food is a bit pr icy for the location in the AZ Center, but the service was excellent and the food was solid. I cant say that anything special stood out about the place, it just seems to work well. Wait staff was attentive, but did not hassle us too often, as can often be the case. The food was fresh and well prepared. I would recommend it if you are looking for something nice, but modest in atmosphere.
4	I don't get the negative reviews of this place.I went there with a date after we saw a movie at the Arizona Center. The food was great (the sauteed spinach was the best I've ever had and the steak gave Durants a run for its money at half the price). My date said his food was equally great and planned to go back,The service was perfect. The only thing that left me puzzled why why it was so empty on a weekend night. Kind of made me wonder.
4	The lovely Amber was behind the bar. (Great start)The food much better than expected to be honest, Chicken Parmesan with Pasta, very yummy and good value for moneyPlace is stylish modern, yet not too cool as in cold. Amber alone is worth going.
2	2.5 Stars for dinner.For lunch this place is pretty good and probably 3 stars as they have Great grilled veggie plates, good burgers and sandwiches. For dinner the patio sampler is pretty OK with good lobster lettuce wraps and just OK artichoke spinach dip.  The shrimp cocktail is weak with no horseradish in the sauce and low quality cocktail shrimp.A friend ordered the Pozole and it looked excellent with large, beautiful chunks of stewed pork in a rich broth.  He loved it.  Another had the very expensive rib eye with the Phoenix dressing. He was very unhappy with the very fatty and chewy cut that he received.Don't get any tomato based pasta here! it's supposed to be fresh but it's over cooked and mushy and overly soaked in a sauce that tastes of bland, unseasoned tomato paste and nothing else.   This is not a place for pasta. my mistake.   Conclusion?I will return for lunch but I'll stick to the basics.
3	I am torn as to how to rate 11:30.  I have had many, many a lovely morning/early afternoon here drinking their FABULOUS $2 bloody mary's and mimosa's.  Sitting on the patio drinking for practically free is NEVER a bad way to spend a Saturday morning.  HOWEVER, if you want to eat, there are a million other, better places to go.  Local Breeze, Hula, Switch, Carly's.  All have amazing Bloodies and Mimosas with great food to boot.I went in with a group of friends for brunch one morning.  The place was empty like a Filibertos after a raid.  Still, we waited incredibly  long times for our drinks, the order, and finally, our food.  The drinks were fine, but offers for refills did not come at all.When the food arrived, it was...um, well, inedible.   After waiting 30 minutes for it, we were looking forward to some yummy goodness.  We had, after all, ordered practically one of each of the brunch specials.    None of it was good.The conversation with the server went like this:SERVER:  So, how is everything?GROUP:  Ummm.  (Silence)SERVER:  I will take your silence as a good thing.ME:  Don't.SERVER:  Excuse me?ME:  This is bad.  I am sorry, I don't usually complain, but this is, collectively, the worst breakfast I've ever been served.SERVER:  Excuse me. (He leaves)This is why the place is getting three stars and not none.  The manager came back just a few minutes later, chatted with us for a moment, apologized, and comped all five meals.  Completely comped them.(This is not a good strategy for getting free stuff, incidentally.  The food really was awful.  Free awful food is still free, but more importantly, its still awful.)Of course we left our server a huge tip, and got the hell outta dodge.  I will still say that the drinks are great, the Bloodies are some of the best around and who can beat $2, and the pancakes are good.  Reaaallllly good.   But the rest...mmm, not so much.
1	Went for Mother's day brunch. I wanted to like it, I really did.They had advertised a special the Mothers could eat for free. We'll get back to that later. We ordered their $2 bloody Marys. That is why I gave them 1 star. I ordered the lobster omlete. My son had the 2 egg special, Mom had Veg omlette and our friend ordered the pecan pancakes. You know it is taking a long time to get your food when you start joking "well, our waitress must be at the ocean, getting on her scuba gear to pick out the lobster...." It was Mother's Day, I did my best to be patient. Any way the food was meh...although I liked their lobster sauce, i thought the lobster was chewy. So we finish our meal and we get the check and only one meal had been credited for the Mother's free meal, but there were 2 Mother's at the table? So I tried to get a straight answer from the waitress....but she was trying to tell us each Mother only gets half their meal for free, huh? That's not what you advertised...lame. But who wants to argue on Mother's day? So I let it go and enjoyed the rest of my Mother's day. Except my son got very sick after and felt weak this morning. So sorry 1130, we won't be back.
2	I wish this place were better but it ain't. One late night stop for drinks/dinner and a happy hour celebrating the premiere of SATC 2 were all that it took. I love the bar area setup and think the place has a lot of potential, but the food and drinks just aren't good enough to make the cut. The seafood pasta was totally overpriced and a bit fishy. The shrimp cocktail appetizer was covered in some overly sweet tomato sauce. My Cosmo (in honor of the movie, of course) was super saccharin with just a hint of vodka. I know you're doing a special promotion, but why not use that opportunity to impress potential customers? Also, the service was less than impressive and a bit curt. I say pass. If you want inoffensive bar food, try Coach and Willie's or Majerle's instead.
3	This place is just ok. I find it a bit disappointing there are not better options in the Arizona Center. I certainly prefer it over the others, but that isn't saying much. The food has been so-so the two times I have been there. The staff has been great though. In the end, if you need to eat nearby I would suggest 1130, but don't be expect to be blown away. Clearly, its wishful thinking to hope for a trendy and alive restaurant in the AC.
4	I am reviewing this Restaurant again, I was contacted by email by the marketing director Amber and she apologized to for the service we had received and offered gift certificates to 1130 or SAMs cafe, I chose SAMs cafe.  SAMs cafe was good, nothing too exciting but the service was excellent. I finally decided to go back to 1130 last month and they have made noticeable changes with their coupon policy. Now everyone understands the coupon and Josh (I believe was our AMAZING waiter) and explained you can use the coupon for alcohol AND food. He was very sure and knowledgeable of the coupon policy, so they seem to have addressed the issue with the entire staff since our last visit which is what a business is suppose to do to improve and draw customers back. They addressed the problem and fixed it, i was surprised.  We ordered the steak salad, calamari, salmon burger, Reuben dip and the flavored ice teas. Everything was cooked well and my parents loved the food and will definitely be back. I am very pleased the 1130 addressed the confusion with the coupons and very grateful for the email from Amber apologizing and offering certificates to make up for our last visit. She went above and beyond to keep a customer, I am very impressed and excited to be able to enjoy the 1130 again.
2	I had the Sirloin and it was just "okay" ... The place itself is about a generic as you can get. The service. I see a lot have problems with it but we had no issues.
3	I have been here on part of my neighborhood happy hour rotation. On one of the last times I was here I sat at the bar and ordered up a Mojito from the summer mojito list. Very yummy, sweet and refreshing. Before the hour of 7 hit I ordered up an appetizer. On the suggestion of the bartender I tried the calamari. It was done well although it was a bit heavy on the sweet chili sauce. I have enjoyed my happy hour visits here. The ambiance is cool and crisp, a nice balance of casual and business. Maybe one day I will decide to have a "real" meal there, instead of a mostly liquid one. ;)
4	My friends and had dinner here before our movie that AMC in the same complex and the food was phenomenal! It was kinda dead due to the odd time of day we visited but the service was awesome. I wish I could remember our servers name but she really seemed to know a lot about the dishes and care about her job. We partook in the $4.95 mojitos which were yummy too! PS: We used a restaurant.com coupon too! :)
5	WOW! This place blew me away! I usually just come in for the Happy Hour (1/2 off select draft beers, $5 Wine and 1/2 off Apps!) but I went in the restaurant area and had the best service and food! My server TROY was awesome and my Ribeye was too!!! Def will be coming back
5	I just want to say that 1130 was one of the best experiences I've had since moving to Phoenix! Great service and even better food...definitely a must to experience!
2	So we popped in to get some food, we thought they were still doing the beer, fries and bud light for 8 bucks but they weren't. No biggie. We decided to eat here anyways. My buddy and I decided to split the burger, since we already had an app at St Francis and were going to hop around downtown and probably eat more. We ordered the burger medium, but it came out well done. We didn't want to be picky about the burger because we were sharing it, but it sucked. like really sucked. IT was flavorless and overcooked. blah. So we ask for the check and are ready to leave, finishing our beers. My buddy goes to finish his beer and sees a ton of DISHWASHER CHUNKS floating in his cup! Are you serious? We flag down out waitress and let her know. She offers my buddy a new beer, but we were on the way out the door. The manager was sitting right by us an said nothing, no " Hey guys I'm sorry" nada..and they didn't even comp the beer! wow. Guess who'll never go back???? This guy!
4	so shorty after my last experience here, I posted a not-so good review. I received a message from Amber, the general manager at the restaurant apologizing for the service and inviting me back. she sent me a gift certificate to come back, how cool is that. I have to give 5 thumbs up for her reaching out to her customers and trying to make things right, that's what it's all about!  I've yet to return, but plan to this weekend. Thanks Amber for being a great representative of your restaurant and showing you care, that goes miles with me!!!
1	Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors server.  I was so guilty of this.  As I sat there looking for my server I watched the super server who had what seemed like the entire restaurant as her station.  It seemed like every employee in the restaurant checked on me.  except my server.  If I waited for her to bring me some more iced tea I would still be looking.  No silerware.  No smile. No "how is your burger".  No "thanks for coming in"  I felt like she was an ex-girlfriend I ran into at some bar somewhere.  No eye contact, minimal conversation, every thing was just really tense.   Food was a little disappointing.  The bun was soggy and the paddy just fell apart.  The presentation looked like it was a tossed hamburger.  Everything just kind of landed on the plate.On the plus side the ice was cold and I got billed the correct amount.  (eventually)Don't think I will be back.
2	The service was utterly awful and the food wasn't much better.
3	A friend and I stopped in on Saturday night . Until tonight I had only ever sat at the bar for their mojitos and the occasional appetizer during happy hour. I really didn't know what to expect from the food and I was curious to find out. We were greeted and seated quickly in their large dining area. I found it strange that they had a football game being projected on the wall behind us. I can understand this in the bar area but in the main dining area? [This seems to be the "thing" in AZ Center...drawing people in with the TVs. The folks at Brick told me a story this week about a night where they lost like 15 customers because their TVs were not working and showing the game.] ANYWAY! We chatted and studied the menu. Our server was very attentive and patient as it took us a bit to order our drinks and then our meal. I ordered the shrimp fettuccine alfredo and my friend had the Mediterranean pasta. We both decided on the Cesar salad to start the meal. The dressing on the Cesar was light enough but even at that it was a bit heavy on what seemed to be Dijon. Now I am a fan of mustard but this was a bit much for a Cesar, it didn't make it inedible though. The servings of our main course were substantial. The shrimp were large and well prepared. While not THE BEST I ever had where Alfredo sauce is concerned, I was very pleased with the quality of the dish as a whole. My friend was quite pleased with his dish and finished every bite. I found the cheese bread served with the dish to be "different" it was sweet like a honey butter with a mixed yellow and white cheese melted on top (colby jack calico cheese?). Again I found it to be "off" but not inedible. I would have been more pleased with a more simple toasted garlic bread. I did bring home more than half of my meal as leftovers for later. While I will say that I could give this place 4 stars it would be mostly due to the proximity to where I live. The food and ambiance have the potential to be 4-5 stars, there is still room for improvement. I still have to say it is as good or better than Kincaid's. [A fellow downtown restaurant maybe going for a slightly more formal presentation than 1130, they are pretty similar in style.] The projection TV in the dining area, tends to cheapen the experience and doesn't match. Keep the TVs in the bar or if the customers are demanding the TVs then expand the bar ... *sigh*
3	This was our first stop on the Urban Wine Walk this past weekend. The service was not very good, we sat for about 15 minutes and no one came around so we moved to a table in the middle of the restaurant and finally got some service. The wine was ok, the fruit and cheese plate tasty, but I don't think I would ever make a point to visit here again.
2	2.5 stars. strawberry mojito, plenty of fresh strawberry notwithstanding, was completely virgin. server forgot mojito, had to flag down another server, arrived 20 min. after re-ordering.decent wine list fails to compensate for unacceptable service, yawn-inducing ambiance.
2	Not at all impressed. We went here before a show at the Orpheum. Got there 2 hours before and was actually late for the show. ( And it was lunchtime and the restaurant was empty?????????) The food is not very good here. We had a spinach Artichoke dip that needed flavor and my chicken sandwich was overcooked to the point I could not finish it. The service is not good here either. The waiter was cold and unhelpful and we were the only ones in the restaurant. What's that all about? I would not go back here. My friends said there food was ok but mine was not. My fries were cold as well. Again, why????? No one was there but us.  I am also not impressed with a place where you have to ask a waiter for everything all the time. A waiter should kind of see you need a water refill. I should have read the reviews before I suggested this place.I am glad my friends were ok with it. I was a little emabrrassed that I did not do my usual foodie homework,
2	The ambiance makes it seem like a fancy restaurant but sadly it is not. The food reminds me of Mexican fast food joints like Chilis or Chevy's. Same kind of appetizers and everything. The service is good though.
3	In addition to the nice atmosphere on the patio they serve a very nice brunch menu and the $2 bloody marys are a buy. Downside: parking validation is only a discount, not a freebie. Depending on when you go the service can be slow. During a recent happy hour the barmaid herself was left to tend to all bar patrons and the patio.
3	3/5 okaycame here with some coworkers. not bad, weather was nice for december and sat outside.the food isn't particularly great, but it was good for what it was. ironically, the vegetarian dishes looked better than the meat dishes. sizable portions, nothing too crazy but certainly enough to fill you up. our server was nice, but then she disappeared for the majority of our meal and didn't come back until she was ready to clear our plates...overall, it wasn't bad. if i had to eat somewhere, i'd come back (for lack of other options on business travel).
3	Came by for brunch after spending the morning at the Women's Expo. I'm not sure if the place was new OR if maybe they were trying to save on their electric bill, but the room they put us in did not have the a/c on,,,,, in September, in Phoenix, what the heck? The food was OK. We had artichoke dip to start & then I had the 2 egg break meal (eggs, potatoes, toast). None of it was bad, but my taste buds did not dance. They had Mimosas & Bloody Marys for $2 so I had a Mimosa. I got what I deserved for $2 I guess, lol Centrally located, plenty of parking, shopping & entertainment.
1	I made the mistake of revisiting 1130 for lunch yesterday and immediately regretted it.Bloody Marys were on special so we ordered up a round.  Big mistake.  They were chunky and revolting - mine went back.  I ordered the turkey burger and my companion had the salmon sandwich.  After a wait that was infinitely too long we received our rather sad looking meals.  My turkey burger came completely dry and solo on a squished and soggy bun.  It was obviously a frozen patty and not from a reputable brand either.  My fries were even worse as they were both undercooked and greasy at the same time.  My companion's salmon sandwich was overcooked and served with rancid looking lettuce.  Not a good way to earn our favor.Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
2	Nice atmosphere and corner space overlooking the grass and palms downtown.  However, the food was really not that great.  And for $15-30 per Entree, I expect at least good food, if not great.   Children's meals were decent at $4 for a bowl of pasta with alfredo sauce.  My wife had the chicen picatta.  I mean, if I fixed it at home, I'd eat it and not complain.  A little bland, but good comfort food.  I ordered the sirloin with a creamy shimp and asparagus sauce and smashed potatoes.  Potatoes were different... maybe a bit of pureed squash in there, but tasty.  The steak was terrible.  And the sauce was just okay... with tiny little weak shrimp.I used a coupon for the restaurant, or I would have been mighty pissed off with the value.  Still, I doubt I will come back.  Too many outstanding restaurants in downtown or around there.Service was extremely friendly and good, however.I'm giving them 2 stars, but I could have possibly been convinced to give them one star.  Go elsewhere.
1	How is this place still open? Tried it numerous times simply for the geographical convenience. Every time the food is HORRIBLE. Last experience included gross Bloody Mary's not work the two bucks, an overcooked  and under seasoned salmon, soggy greasy fries and bad service. I will not come back here.
3	We sat outside with a relaxing view of the Palm Courtyard at the Arizona Center.  Started with $2 Mimosas (nice bargain!) and since I wasn't very hungry ordered the 'starter' of Salmon Sate.  My companion had Steak & Eggs Benedict, and we decided we'd share.  The salmon was supposed to have an orange glaze, but I didn't taste it.  It was served on skewers in a 'tee-pee' over field greens with an absolutely delicious sesame soy dressing and a bit of refreshing mango salsa.  The Benedict was delicious:  eggs poached just right, a generous portion of (I think) sirloin steak and just the right tang to the Hollandaise.  The english muffin could have been toasted more, but I wasn't planning to eat that part anyway.  The home fried potatoes were a winner!Service was friendly and unobtrusive.  All in all a pretty good experience!
3	The atmosphere here is decent, though beware of where you sit in the bar as the projectors can be a bit blinding. I have to say that it is a nice element that makes up the whole of the Arizona Center. The tilapia was a good dish and pretty much cooked to perfection. The accompanying pilaf and asparagus were also well prepared. The service was spotless until it came time to pay the check. Granted, the waitress did have about fifteen people walk in right after she dropped the bill, but having to waive the manager down to run your card is an effort one should not have to make. That is the only reason, however, that I did not give 1130 a four out of five rating.
1	Waiter got my order wrong the first time. Had to send it. back. Came back looking like they just dumped half of it. I'm just dreading what they did to my food. Waiting (movie) anyone? Food wasn't great either. Avoid.
2	I recently stopped in the Arizona Center's 1130 and was mildly impressed. The food is nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is awkward. Service was slow but they have a decent Happy Hour. Wine selection could be beter.
1	Honestly, the food here was decent. But in my opinion when the service is so bad, sometimes it overshadows the menu! This is that instance. We waited 20 minutes to be greeted at our table. Another 35 for our salads. And our waiter was so arrogant and distant that my manager actually left him a note saying "it appeared we were bothering him by being there" Anyway, the waiters and waitresses seemed to be more concerned with each other in the back corner of the restaurant, but unfortunately in plain sight of patrons, than they were with their customers.
5	I have been going here for a while and i never had bad experience, I love the burgers and the appt. decent selection of beers on tap.  And they carry my favorit scotch.  The staff and the manger are friendly and tenative to your needs.
3	1130 a place that has lots of potential but is not quite there yet. My latest experience was meeting up with some friends on a Saturday afternoon to talk business over some lunch. I was excited to find out that the brunch menu lasts until 3 PM which included their $2 mimosas. The mimosas are not made with the best champagne in the world but hey they'll do for a casual lunch.It was pretty empty inside so we decided to dine on the patio so we could also people watch. I ordered the salmon burger with a side salad which was pretty good. The size of the salmon was huge and the sauce that was on the bun was delish. The salad was just meh, again the dressing was good but the lettuce was not fresh.Our server was a bit forgetful as well he mixed up a couple of things on our orders but at least he offered to split the check for us. Overall this was an average dining experience.
2	I had lunch here the other day out of sheer desperation to appease everybodies palettes. It was not my first choice and I cant say that I would recommend this restaurant to any of my friends. I ordered the "french dip" sandwich. The bread was dry and the "jus" was so salty I could not finish the sandwich. Also, it was extremely warm in the Restaurant which on a hot Phoenix day is what we were trying to escape. All in all, it seems this Restaurant serves its purpose, which is a single serving dining experience for "out-of-towners".
3	This place isn't that bad if you are in the mood for Applebee's-meets-steakhouse.  The steak is good, but overcooked regardless of how your order it.  Great vegetable selection.  The mixed green starter salad could easily be a full meal, along with any of the vegetable side dishes.  The beer selection is mediocre, with only two local brews on tap.  All you people giving this place a bad review ... get over yourselves.  It is in a shopping plaza by the convention center in a part of the country where cattle should not be raised.  What do you expect?
3	Food was good.  Atmosphere was good.  Otherwise, nothing special to say.
3	American fare, serving your standard salads, burgers, sandwiches.  You won't really find any surprises here.  What they lack in menu innovation is made up somewhat in preparation.  I had a sandwich and tried some of the salmon salad.  Both were very good portions, well prepared, and flavorful.  Service was friendly and attentive.  In general, it's not a place I would immediately go to again if I were at the Arizona Center since I want to try the other restaurants they have first, but it's a solid choice if you're wanting something familiar.
3	I visit 1130 often, due to its close proximity to home. But I keep going back when there are often other alternatives, so that must mean something. When the weather is nice, there is nothing better than their patio on a weekend afternoon. Pull up a chair and order the first round of $2 Mimosas. They can get a little pulpy for my taste, so sometimes I'll ask for pulp-free OJ. But come on...$2 Mimosas.I've had food at 1130 and its never been anything to write home about (much less a review), so I won't. They have a pretty good happy hour and the bar area often gets quite busy (there seem to be a lot of meetings held there, like social clubs and post-convention types). I've always had good service and they at least pretend to remember me, which I appreciate.I know what I'll remember...$2 Mimosas!
5	I am unsure how to commiserate with everyone else's reviews because when I stopped in at 1130 for the supposedly excellent happy hour I was seated immediately and water was dropped off, my drink order taken and then promptly received! I was with a group of friends and we ordered basically everything off of the happy hour menu. Word of caution their wings are SPICYYYYY so for those who do not enjoy a fire in your mouth avoid at all costs. HOWEVER, even if you do not like calamari I advise EVERYONE to try theirs. For four dollars you will not be disappointed. It seemed they flash fried it and then tossed it in a sweet Thai sauce that had me eating my friends food off of her plate and making me ignore my own wings! I really loved their cheesecake because it was not overly rich and had a thicker Graham cracker crust!All in all I will definitely be returning and would highly recommend someone else going! FOOTNOTE: maybe I went to 1130 when they finally sorted out who was a good server and who wasn't?
3	I can't really say too much about this place since I only had drinks, and that was a mojito, which isn't my favorite drink. I did have a strawberry mojito which was actually really good. My friend had a coconut mojito and she loved it. The specialty menu shows mostly mojitos so I think its kind of a niche for them.
4	good drink and food specials. menu looks amazing although we only had the calamari which was prepared very well. can't wait to come back!
3	We ate lunch here last week because we were sick of all the other restaurants in the Arizona Center and hadn't tried it yet. It was okay all around. The hostess/manager was super friendly and warm and even visited our table during the meal to speak with us. They offer a 10% discount for ASU students which is always a plus. The server was alright. He offered us flavored tea but failed to mention that they came in bottles, which neither of us wanted. I got a side caesar and the seafood pasta. My friend got the french dip. The food was okay. The salad was absolutely huge for a side salad and I quickly regretted ordering it. My friend's fries were good but the french dip's meat was extremely salty and hard to eat. My pasta, like the rest of the food, was just mediocre. In the end, we probably won't go back here because it is the least pleasing restaurant in the center.
3	1130 was the 3rd stop on our dine around tour today and it was pretty average. The three of us had a taste of everything they offered, but I had the pesto chicken pasta and their $2 mimosa (normal brunch menu offering). The pesto was a good portion, but it seemed like they thinned the pesto out to make it last, so it didn't have as much flavor as it could have. And the chicken was a little lackluster. I didn't taste the lobster cup since I'm not a seafood fan, but Jon seemed to enjoy it. The key lime pie was pretty standard, and the mimosas were heavy on the champagne, which I guess can be good but threw off the balance of the drink. Our server Kai was great, and I think on a Fri or Sat night this would be a good place to grab some drinks or dinner. I wouldn't rule it out, but nothing really stood out about it, besides the service.
3	We were in town for business at the Sheraton so we went into 1130 for dinner late on a Thursday night,. Very good service. Offered a gluten free menu. Drinks were good. My Cobb salad was delicious. They modified the chicken piccata and put it over rice for my hubby instead of with pasta (gluten) and he liked it very much. The buffalo chicken wings were average.I would go there again.
3	I read quite a few reviews before I ended up eating here and to say the least I wasn't excited about it. However happy hour and drinks turned into dinner so I ended up trying it and i was pleasantly surprised.Food - 3.5/5Everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their meals ranging from salad, burgers, steak to fish. I enjoyed the Smothered Chicken. The only complaint is that the waitress brought out what looked delicious their "speciality" cheese covered bread. The bread was a little chewy / soggy i had a couple bites before pushing it aside.Service - 4/5Our waitress braved a couple moves on the patio and our transition to the dining room, she was nice and conversational.Atmosphere - 3/5Nice atmosphere, wasn't crowded, in fact it was almost empty.Price - 2/5Reasonable but nothing to jump up and down about.Overall - Worth a try, I'd go back for the Smothered Chicken again.
4	Ate here twice, both outside and inside. The half price wine bottles on Wednesday is worth the trip, esp since the food was excellent! Service was good, but I get tired of people asking if everything is ok, from the server to 2 separate managers wandering around. Could you at least wait until we have cut into the food to come ask if everything is ok?
4	For a couple of reasons, 1130 has become a regular after-work haunt for me. First off, it's conveniently located in the Arizona Center. And I always like an excuse to linger in downtown Phoenix and people-watch after the sun goes down and the trees in the AZ Center light up. Secondly, I've become somewhat addicted to their wings ever since being invited here a couple of times on somebody else's dollar. They're really perfectly seasoned with just enough peppery heat. Mind you, this is not my favorite place in Phoenix for hot wings when I am on that mission, but these are a very compelling appetizer.I was pleasantly surprised to discover they offer a 10%-off discount if you check in through Yelp on your mobile phone. They already had me at Happy Hour drink and appetizer discounts, but another break on the price is always welcome.Consider checking out 1130 if you're catching a movie at the cinemas in the Arizona Center. You could always go for a plate of wings instead of a movie theater hot dog, couldn't you? I know I could.
5	I went here for a Financial presentation with my Young Professional group tonight. The drinks were great! The girl next to me told me it was all gone as I was sucking the residue out of the glass. I had the chicken sandwich and fries. The chicken was grilled perfectly and it was the largest piece I've ever seen. Def going back.
2	Had the shrimp alfredo..sauce was good... shrimp looked raw... i was too scared to eat them and didn't feel like bothering to send it back. The waiter although friendly spoke so soft that I would have to ask him to repeat himself every time he spoke. I know thats super minor but its kinda a pet peeve of mine.
5	I have to tell you, after traveling through Southeast Asia eating a lot of noodles, dumplings, and all kinds of delicious food imaginable, I am on a mission to she'd some pounds so it was great that I was able to order their lobster lettuce cup and have it for dinner (minus the fried wonton chips and sauce) and have it be low calorie, delicious, full of flavor and filling!  My son had their hummus platter and needless to say, he also loved his dish!  All at happy hour prices. My bill came to less than $20. Gotta love that!
2	I went to 1130 to meet some friends from college.  I have walked past the place many times but never gave it a try.  This time I wished I had kept on walking.The food is gross.  I wanted to wipe my tongue with the cute little blue napkin.  The price is average but i don't mind paying for food that I want to taste great.The ambiance is nice but the regulars seemed sort of snobby.  Its not a "classy" joint so they should relax or it could just be the face of others tasting the same food as I did.Although overworked, the wait staff was amazingly nice.  With a bit of change the place could be very nice.  Until then I will keep walking past this restaurant.
3	A nice, casual American restaurant conveniently located near several hotels, theaters and offices buildings.  I thought the prices were okay, the menu was good, decor was okay and service was good.
1	Although we had passed by many times before we attempted to dine at 1103 for the first time last night.  I say attempted because the hour long experience ended with neither my husband or I eating more than four bites of food each.  First, our server was really slow and seemed to vanish into thin air quite often.  So much so that I frequently had to flag down another sever, Roger, to find our server.  I will say that Roger was the only positive about our experience because he was very nice and professional.We asked our server how the calamari was to which she replied that the sauce that comes with it was very good because it combined a sweet and spicy taste so we ordered the calamari to start.  However, our server neglected to tell us that calamari is drowned in the sauce rather than the sauce coming on the side to dip which would have been useful information.  In addition the calamari came out fairly cold but we couldn't find our server to tell her that so I had to approach the Host to have him take the calamari back and order another starter.  Our server also didn't know about the entrees on the menu which is frustrating.My husband ordered the Pasta Rustica which had penne pasta, red sauce and chicken.  I wanted the Seafood pasta and asked the server what vegetables came in the dish because the menu simply stated assorted vegetables and there are certain veggies I don't like.  She stated there was tomato and asparagus which I like both so I ordered that.  Our entrees arrived just a few moments after the Host had taken the calamari back so we cancelled the order for the second starter.  When I looked at my entree I noted that there where muscles in the shell, shrimp, lobster, tomato and asparagus which I expected however there was also quite a lot of julienned vegetables that the server apparently did not know were also included in the "assorted vegetables".  This assortment really included zucchini, yellow squash, red onion, bell peppers, etc.  Also, the server neglected to bring another dish to put the muscle shells on so I once again had to flag down Roger to find her.  Then I noticed that three of the shrimp on my plate didn't have the tail shell on them but one did which was strange.My husband's entree was inedible as the chicken was completely overcooked to the point where it was hard on the ends and he had to spit it out. I tried to pick around the bell peppers and onions in my dish but due to the amount of thinly julienned vegetables I couldn't and I hate those two items in my food.  At this point we asked to see the manager.  The manager was interesting to say the least because as we were explaining the issues with the service and the food he just stood there essentially blank faced and then proceeded to tell us that well yes the shrimp was supposed to come with the tail shell on it.  Huh?? After all that this is what he takes out of it, really?!  Well he took our entrees and then, wait for it, yes he brought back a bill that had the food we didn't eat removed however it of course still included my drink.  One would think that after this type of experience the management could comp a drink!  Oh, and to make it all better as he is handing us the bill the manager goes on to explain that he understands how important it is that servers know the menu because they have had a few issues with people having allergies to certain things in the food "but that was really the customers fault more than the servers."  The only reason I am giving this place even one star is because apparently they have a good bartender as my chocolate martini was pretty good.  I know we will never go back and as far as I'm concerned this place needs a serious Hell's Kitchen intervention!
1	Well, what can I say about 1130?  Its a great break-up spot, great place to wait one hour for a simple pasta dish, and a great place to get service that will strangely remind you of that girl in HS that, no matter what you did, you couldn't get her attention.Seriously though, I would not recommend this place!  The restaurant itself has a nice ambiance and is inviting.  However, almost immediately you notice that the waiters don't really seem interested or are not too friendly (mind blowing for a job that is all about hospitality).  A friend of mine didn't want a sauce on her pasta and the waiter didn't acknowledge her when she double checked the order.  I flagged him down after he abruptly left so I could make sure the order was correct and his answer was "Yeah... I heard her" to which my response was "A reply of receipt would be nice!"  The kitchen was also poor on delivery time.  The restaurant was more than 3/4 empty and it took a little over an hour to get our food to the table (3 people).  Upon delivery, it was obvious that the food had been left on the plate warmer too long or was cooked to the standards of a college cafeteria.  The pasta was hardened on the outside and the chicken was WAY overcooked (Pasta Rustica.)  Additionally, it was evident that the pasta was not drained thoroughly and/or the sauce had something funky going on because there was a nice pool of water on the bottom of the plate.  Forget getting a hold of your original waiter.  We had to ask two other waiters for service because ours was somewhere in la-la land.  Overall, this place lacks on service and food quality.  I have re-visited restaurants that lack in service but serve great food.  This place has neither and will leave you wanting for WAY more.
5	The fish tacos are excellent. Light and priced just right.
2	Pretty good little bar with some good beer selections and a decent selection of snacks. As far as the restaurant itself, its so so.  Not exactly sure what identity they are trying to go for food-wise but its nothing to rave about.
3	Cute outdoor patio area for drinks if you can get over passersby who occasionally request money and interrupt conversation. Large servings. Decent prices. Nothing too exciting. The s'more desert was a total disappointment.
3	ParNice location and interior. Wait staff was nice.  Food was average and my iced tea tasted a bit funny.  Prices are okay, though there are no true signature dishes to draw one into an experience.  Standard kids menu, as well.Looked at the other restaurants in the Arizona Center and it seems all score as average.  Maybe one of them will step up as the jewel of the area.  It's good to see downtown Phoenix is starting to pick up a personality and vibrancy.  Hope it continues...
3	I went to 1130 last night to celebrate my cousins bday and the ambience was nice. This place is located in downtown Phoenix  but the location is hard to spot if you're driving around. I had to take a star off because it closes at 10 and on a Friday night! I could understand if we were in the suburbs but this is in city, downtown near clubs and the stadiums. However, the staff was still patient with us even though we ordered late and took our time. There is a 10% discount off your bill if you check in. The manager didn't seem too happy when I told him about the discount, but he did give the entire party the discount, which was cool. For dinner I ordered a sirloin steak, but I've had better. It was very tough.  Overall it wasn't a bad place. I would go back again, but it would be better if they closed a little later.
5	Amazing happy hour. The happy hour menu has an amazing selection of fun and interesting foods. The calamari and wings are just two of my favorite. --Surprisingly, not what you would expect and very, very good. Oh and the drink specials are Great too.
4	I have been here five times.  I don't have any complaints. The first time was to attend a film festival party.  This is the perfect venue for a corporate funded event.  I celebrated a birthday with close friends in the bar area.  They reserved an area in the bar with no minimum charge per person.  I had a group of 10.  Everyone was served promptly and had a great time.Some of these reviews are pretty bad.  I suppose it really does depend on your personal experience.  Every now and then, we all have bad experiences.  If it is bad, I say speak with management and at least give them a chance to make it right.   In most cases they will.  Enjoy!
2	Eh.... What can I say? It's a nice place. The steak is cooked well for ordering medium rare. The vegetables, were however pretty darn good. That's a start! Okay okay. I'll be very honest. They need to replace their chef and revamp their pricing and their menu. It's Biltmore pricing for a downtown venue. Most people that go downtown are not looking to make an impression by going somewhere fancy looking and pricey. We're looking for great taste and good value, which I feel this place is lacking. If it's worth twenty to thirty something dollars a plate, I'll come back and keep on spending it. My experience here wasn't bad. It was date night and I wanted steak. Our server was very sweet and decently educated about wine (though I'm no expert myself). The bread they serve at the table is very good. Then again, I guess it has to be as we ate all of it before our food came out. As I stated earlier, my steak was cooked wrong - but I was too hungry to wait for another one. I forget what Dena got... I think some sort of seafood pasta? I tasted it and was just okay. The wine was good! When it all comes down to it, the over a hundred dollars I spent... I would much rather go to Durant's or Cibo. Hell, I'd rather cook at home and get a vintage wine for that money. Sorry 1130. I don't like writing negative reviews, but honesty is important. Switch it up and we'll give you another shot.
1	I would always recommend this place to my friends and colleagues not after today. My previous experience has always veen decent. My husband and myself would always come here before we go to the movies. The food basic really the lobster lettuce wraps pretty good. Today I different I came after work a quick bite before my spin class.i walk in to a basically enpty building 11 people total. Im still sitting here as I write this. Its happy hour I order the lobster wraps with the bartender. He appears to be unhappy with his job. He was very rude and never even told me his name. The food ok lobster was a little watery but over all ok for 7.50 on happy hour. I finish eating and asked if I could get a order to go he tells me no. I was like no what do you mean no he tells he happy hour food cannot be to go. Little did he know I was asking for the order to go so my team could try it. We would have order 300 orders if he placed my order. Restaurant owners need to realize everyone may not compromise to infamous happy hour issue they may just want to take a order to go to spread the word about the restaurant.  I will not comw back to this place again.
4	My husband and I had a Steak Salad from 1130 at the Festival of Arts last weekend.  I have to say, it was absolutely the best Steak Salad I have had in my life.  We have yet to try the restaurant itself, but if their catering was any indication, we look forward to the opportunity.
1	Food was cold and service was bad. We visited before the Andrea Bocelli concert and mentioned to the waitress that we were under a time constraint but not a big rush. There was 4 of us. Three of the orders were messed up. The fourth, a salad, was correct. Every item on the three orders, steaks and sides, was cold. Strange since they seemed to bring term out timely. We had ordered an extra salad which was never delivered. We mentioned it all to the manager and asked that the salad cost be removed since we never got it.  Manager really wasn't interested. We also asked the waitress to remove the salad. And guess what was on the bill when we got it.  Bottom line .... Stay away
5	This place is honestly the best. From the layout of the restaurant to the nice brick walls lining the fine dining area, it is extremely aesthetically appealing. The friendly staff are really helpful and of course, not surprisingly upscale. From drink order preferences to food order specifics, they nailed it! I am earnestly impressed with this establishment and their 5-star service. Their prices are fair, and their food is exquisite. Thank you 1130! You guys are the best.
5	We were in Phoenix on vacation, and this cozy place was recommended for a late  lunch.  We were greated and seated   right away.  Our server, Derik, was very helpful, explaining the menu and suggesting items.  There were 3 of us dining, and all 3 of us ordered something different.  When our food came out we were all shocked at how big the portions were!  I had a steak salad that was excellent.  The steak was perfectly cooked and the components of the salad fresh.  My husband was equally satisfied with his meal.  Special thanks to our server who recognized that we not from the area and pointed out what was downtown to see.  It is a great little restaurant space to relax and share time with friends/family.  We definately will be back.
1	Very very disappointed.  I read good reviews but far from anything I took the time to read. Ordered the $35 appetizer platter. What a rip off. Our server had the personality of a rock. Never offered validation. Second the menu clearly stated poached shrimp cocktail. My a $#. They opened up a bag of frozen shrimp and they certainly were not fresh at all. The fresh fruit was barely a quarter of an apple where they did not remove the core and a bunch of grapes. 4 very small pieces of cheese. I have seen children chefs on TV shows that surpassed this platter. This establishment had a lot of nerve charging such a ridiculous price for a sorry crappy display of food. Never returning. I am a tourist and expected so much more.
2	I went here today for an early dinner, after reading that 1130 had a good selection of gluten-free food. I ordered the large filet, french fries, and grilled asparagus. My partner ordered the rib-eye, garlic smashed potatoes, and grilled asparagus. We also ordered tableside guacamole to start.The service was excellent every step of the way, but the food was underwhelming. The guacamole was $12 for only 1.5 small avocados not very ripe. I could see that the water had a hard time mashing them and in the end he left many hard chunks. The guacamole was enough to exactly fill a cocktail glass. I expect more and better guacamole for $12.We ordered our steaks medium. They were actually cooked very unevenly: there was a tough outer crust, and the inside varied between medium well and almost well-done. It's really a shame to cook a filet almost well-done! Half of my french fries were good, but half of them were squished and greasy. Over all I found 1130 to be overpriced and unimpressive food. I wish I had just gone to Monti's.
5	1130 The Restaurant is a great place to go...a comfortable, pleasant, and friendly place.  We had the best service and food.  Three of us went there and were very happy with our selections.  We started with the Lobster Lettuce Cups which was wonderful.  It had lobster, avocado and fried wontons with vegetable slaw & Sprouts.  The sauce was a sesame ginger sauce.  Plain they were delicious with the sauce they were fantastic.  Everyone enjoyed their entrees.  I had the Seafood Pasta which was phenomenal.  It was loaded with lobster, shrimp, vegetables & parmesan cheese over Angel Hair Pasta.  I asked them to hold the mussels which are also included.  Brought half home as the portion was very generous.My Husband had the Pasta Rustica and was very happy.  He enjoyed all the flavors...the spicy sausage sauce drizzled with creamy parmesan sauce and topped with grilled chicken.  He said he would definitely go back.Our friend had the Chicken Parmesan over Angel Hair Pasta and also had to bring half home because it was so much.  She said it was delicious.YES we all recommend this restaurant!
1	I will never eat or drink at this location. The waitress took 30 minutes to take my order and the cook handled all kinds of raw food without ever changing his gloves.
4	After coming here a few times, I'm shocked to notice that it's almost always empty when I'm here. The restaurant is quite large with a spacious dining area, full bar with seating area, and a patio. Despite this, my friends and I had a good time during happy hour. We sat in the bar area, staff is very attentive and friendly (maybe because we were 1 of 3 tables) The food is great. Salad, burgers, veggie appetizers, you name it. On a separate occasion I came here on a Sunday for brunch and ordered an eggs Benedict... Lame. It was on a large fluffy English muffin with a sad little piece of ham in the middle, and the hollandaise sauce was mediocre. I forced one in but left the second one on my plate. Did not like. On the bright side, mimosas are amazing! They made it on the top 3 of my favorite mimosa list. Definitely recommend this place.
4	I have only been here once, but my experience was happily unforgettable! I was with a large party, and every single person had to share their dish because it was "the best". The prices are fairly reasonable, but do not necessarily fit the downtown vibe. The waitress that was there was incredibly helpful and it didn't feel like she was the only one waiting on us-she was everywhere at once. Highly commendable. I'm surprised that it's mainly empty when I walk by, but I can't wait to go again.
4	So if you're in downtown there's something you MUST eat. They're called Lobster Lettuce Cups. I had the good fortune to sample at FED after TEDx (a reception where you get to mingle with speakers). Culinary delights abounded from our downtown friends and were paired with beer. The lettuce was like butter, perhaps a boston or bibb varietal, slightly sweet and soft. Inside was a combination my palate is screaming for right now: lobster meat, avocado, friend wontons*, a vege slaw and sprouts. All sprinkled in with sesame ginger sauce.Why the asterisk?A rewarding crunch greets you with every bite. Fried wontons *really* work here. It is impossible to describe how wonderful this combination of ingredients is. A generous fistful of food, four lettuce cups during lunch and dinner, three during happy hour, you can't go wrong. This is decidedly a shareable starter and well worth any price point. (On the To Go menu I picked up for dinner they are $14.)Oh! If you're a beer drinker try the New Belgium Snapshot with it. Happy Hour is 4-7pm seven days a week! If the folks at FED after TEDx are any indication of customer service you will be treated quite nicely. Sunday brunch is 10am to 3pm with two dollar mimosas :) Dangerously enough they offer "build your own mimosa" for $10, complete with a bottle of champagne and an OJ carafe.And that sounds perfect. Except that today is Monday.& There was flood level rain today.*sigh*
5	The service was great. My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner and shared a rib eye and a bottle of champagne it was so delicious. The bartender was the best" Martin"...... Thanks will be back for sure.
5	A hidden gem underneath the escalator at the Arizona center.  I always wanted to have dinner here but I was always in a rush to see a movie.  I finally made dinner plans with my volleyball team to check it out.  A young gentleman by the name of Jarrod waited on us and all I have to say "What a delight."  I tried the steam mussels accompanied by the lobster lettuce cups.  Both items were perfectly prepared!  My team and will definitely come back again, Especially to see Jarrod!
2	Food was good, but experience was ruined by 1130 allowing people to smoke in non-smoking area on the patio near where we were eating. Service was also decent but since the smoke gave me a major migraine I won't be back.
1	Totally disappointed in the way this restaurant is going. The lettuce in my salad today was slimy and black and old. When I pointed it out to my server, his comment was "what would you like me to do? Can you eat around it? I can get you a free dessert."This circumstance was not the first. Twice in the last couple of weeks they screwed up my order and when I pointed it out " I can get you a free dessert" I can only imagine why they want to go rid of their desserts. I'd much prefer a reduction on my bill for poor quality.They are busy and service has slowed at lunch time. 11:30 is a very convenient spot for me but frankly, their lack of attention to customers is driving me away.
3	I came here for a work dinner. As other reviewers mentioned, the service was incredibly slow. Our steaks were very good, but the salmon was overcooked, and there's really not much more to say about anything else we ordered...except the spinach dip. That was delicious.
1	So they sat us in what could be described as an "overflow" room. Completely different feel than the main dining area.Then they made us wait for everything. Halfway thru the ribeye served at the improper heat I ordered a second glass of wine....and the first was empty long before the waitstaff even approached to see if we needed anything. It was finally delivered about two minutes after I finished my steak.Also disappointing was the seafood pasta dish that was served without its promised lobster.I'll try another restaurant.
3	The restaurant is in a busy outdoor mall. Came down for a show at symphony hall (10 min walk) and wanted to grab a bite beforehand. The food was well prepared and the service was attentive, but nothing really special and the ambience left a lot to be desired. Likely won't be back.
