5	Not only is Holly adorable and friendly- but she's also careful and attentive to your hair styling needs. I'm on of those people who likes a more personal experience in hair cutting- I prefer the salon "rooms" over an open salon- I think it adds to the relationship you MUST build with your hair stylist! Holly's cute and personally styled salon is welcoming and fun!Holly has cut and styled my hair four times now- colored my hair and even given me fabulous bangs (a terrifying area of  trust for me). So I am confident in her abilities to learn what I like and help me look my best.I would recommend her to anyone.
5	Holly is an amazing hairstylist! I drive all the way from California to get my hair done and she is worth the drive. I look forward to getting my hair done by her everytime I'm in town. She has cut, styled, and colored my hair many times and I have always been thrilled with the results. She is creative and fun to talk to while your getting your services done. Her prices are very reasonable and she runs good specials every so often on her facebook page. Her salon room is gorgeous and I love the privacy where you can have a nice chat rather than being in a salon where everyone can hear all your business. Holly is the best!! :)
5	I love the way Holly does my hair, my highlights are perfect, very natural looking.  The cut is great it falls beautifully.  She is the perfect example of customer service as well, she even calls to remind me when my roots and highlights need done.  Holly is 45 minutes from my home and I was in a rush and stopped into another salon, big mistake, horrible cut that cost me $50.  She is worth the drive and I will never ever go to another salon or stylish again!!  She's just as wonderful as a person as a stylist.  Once you meet her you feel like you've known her forever!!!
5	1. Saw me short notice for an 8pm haircut.2. Gave me options I didn't consider.  I went with one, loved it.3. Have the haircut I wanted (actually better) and get lots of compliments.  What else can one ask for?
5	Holly is amazing with hair whether you are coming in for a touch up, new color, trim or a whole new do! She listens to what you want and does what you are asking for. I've lived here in LV for 7 years now and have not been to a hair person more than once until now! I'm so happy because I can call myself a regular! She uses great products (ENJOY), very cool hair accessories and has very convenient late evening hours :)
5	I was in Las Vegas this past weekend and needed my haircut, so I went to Holly.  She was very friendly and very attentive to details.  When she was finished, I had an awesome haircut.  I can't recommend her enough - thanks, Holly!
5	I was in LV as a tag-a-long for a conference. Time to kill so I thought I'd be efficient and get my hair colored & cut. Found Holly on Yelp and she came highly recommended and with a yelp coupon to boot! She was darling and dove right in blending the same highlights into my grown out skunk of hair like she had been doing my hair for years. She's a pro! She's talented beyond her years. The only downer is she's a $26 taxi ride (one-way) from the main strip!
5	I'll be honest before I tried Holly's salon I dreaded every haircut.  My previous hairdressers could never repeat that 'first great haircut' they gave me on my initial visit (you ladies know what I'm talking about).  Holly gives the first great haircut every time.  She's attentive and while she may take longer than other hairdressers I view that as a good thing because she wants everything perfect!Every time I visit Las Vegas I make sure to pencil in an appointment!
5	It was two days before Christmas, and I was in need of a haircut. From past experience, I figured that my usual hairstylist wouldn't have any appointments available at the last minute. So I turned to Yelp, hoping to find another hairstylist. After reading all the reviews, I decided to give Holly a try. I called and was able to get an appointment a few hours later! This was the first time I had seen a salon like this. When you walk in, there is no receptionist, just a directory that lists names and suite numbers. I guess it makes sense, since many hairstylists schedule their own appointments nowadays.  Everyone has his or her own studio-sized salon. It is a very interesting concept where they can work independently and design their own salon space. I really liked the atmosphere! I feel like it helps to create a better one-on-one experience with the hairstylist and you don't have to deal with listening to some of the gossip that goes on in regular salons. Holly is very sweet and friendly. She is a good listener, is patient and will take the time to do a great job! I liked how she explained things and asked me if I was satisfied with my haircut. She did exactly what I wanted and I was happy with it!I would definitely recommend Holly! Her prices are very reasonable as well. I will be back again for sure!
5	I have to continue Holly's 5 star reviews!  I donated 9 inches of my hair & was very unhappy with the lack of shape and style that the stylist did so I called Holly in an emergency & panic.  She got me in first thing (on a SUNDAY!) and did an amazing job.  Not to mention that she was super sweet and conversational.  I have been searching for a hair stylist that actually does a good job for over a year and am so happy to have finally found her! :)
5	I have been in Vegas for three years now,  I have tried many different salons here, I was so disappointed with the way my hair looked when I left. I signed into Yelp Las Vegas to read reviews and find someone who I would be happy with. When I found Holly's hair Design and read her reviews, I had a feeling this was someone who knows what she is doing. Every review she has received on Yelp are 5 stars. I made an appointment with Holly this week to get my hair colored, highlighted, and cut. I am so happy with the way she did my hair. It is such a good feeling to get compliments again again. For three years, I missed getting complimented. I feel so lucky to have found Holly. She is very sweet and very talented! She definitely knows what she is doing and her prices are very reasonable. She has her own studio so it is just you and her. She uses a line of products called ENJOY when she put the color on my hair, there was no foul smell that other products usually have. My color. cut and highlights came out perfect!!! If you are looking for a great stylist with an awesome personality and reasonable prices, look no further. She is amazing!  Thank You soooo much Holly!
5	Holly is awesome!  She got back to me the same day I emailed her for an appointment and I was able to come in for a cut and color that evening.  Her studio space is super cute and unique, and she is of course very friendly.  As far as my hair goes, I am extremely satisfied.  Holly helped me select the hair color I was after, trimmed my long hair, gave me my  "swoop" bangs again and also taught me how to add volume to my fine, limp hair!  Her prices are more than reasonable.  I will definitely be a return client.
5	My 2 sisters and I went there to get our hair done for our birthdays. Holly was great, she stayed late (took us at 7pm) and did our hair exactly the way we wanted. The price was a little low she should charge more and we will be back!!! Thank you so much Holly.
5	Holly is AMAZING!!! I am from Las Vegas and have been to 5 different hair stylist in the last 4 years! I heard about Holly from my sister. Holly did my sister's hair and it turned out fabulous!!! I decided to try Holly out and fell in LOVE with her style!!! Holly was very patient with me and listened to what I wanted. She took care of my damaged hair and now my hair has never been healthier! :)  I will never go to any other hair stylist! Holly is the BEST EVER!!! Give her a shot because you will fall in love!!!! Thanks Holly, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my hair!!!!! I am getting compliments form everyone!!!!
5	Holly is super cute, attentive to your needs and fun to talk to! What more could you want from a hair stylist! :) Love my color and cut! I got lots of compliments. Thanks, Holly! :)
5	After going to several hairdressers, I had resolved myself to the idea that maybe I was always going to be dissatisfied with my hair. Holly has restored my faith! Not only is she lovely, inviting, and professional - she does great hair! She gave me back the blonde I used to get before a string of bad stylists and fixed the orange hues they had left behind. I appreciated that she fixed my hair without making a big deal out of it. (Anyone who has had to have color correct has probably been to the hair stylist who critiques the awful work of the previous stylist during the whole appointment and makes you feel like a crazy person for even going out in public with that hair...) Holly simply acknowledged the problems and went to work fixing them. What a great experience and so affordable. I will absolutely be coming back!
5	I had a great experience with Holly. She took her time and helped me select the proper color on my stubborn hair and I am very satisfied with the results. She also gave me a complimentary haircut being it was my first time and I am happy with how it turned out.I also like the products she used on my hair. In addition, the atmosphere of her salon is lovely. She has her own private studio and you get her undivided attention unlike other salons that are loud and busy etc. Her prices are reasonable too so I will definitely return to her :)
5	So if you read my reviews you'll know I'm a wee bit ADD when it comes to hair dressers. Sometimes I switch because I want to switch my style and I don't know if my current stylist can keep up, sometimes I switch because there are outstanding circumstances (like location, cost or scheduling) and sometimes I switch because I'm finicky. Regardless of the reason, I've cut a swath through the salons in the valley. This time when I was looking for a new stylist I decided to go with someone that seemed laid back as well as multi-talented, so that they could deal with my ever changing moods. Holly was all this and more. She was friendly, funny and talented. She was honest about what she could and couldn't do with my hair; she was flexible with scheduling and she is extremely well priced. I couldn't have been more impressed. My color is perfect and she actually took the time after she colored it to tell me what little changes she would like to make for the next time. The cut was no-nonsense, without any fancy talk or moves, just an excellent hair cut. My favorite part is that Holly sells Halo Couture extensions. They are a specific type of extension that I'd read about but hadn't been able to find a distributor for. They are reasonably priced and really freaking convenient and cost effective. I did not go in planning to commit to extensions but once she showed them to me, I was sold. I get mine this week (it takes about a week from when she orders it to when she gets it) and I couldn't be happier! I give Holly five very accommodating stars!
5	Holly is amazing!! I found her a few months ago through all the wonderful users of yelp. She is the first stylist I've ever had that was completely honest with me about what would look good and what wouldn't. She also has so much knowledge about holistic hair products that won't damage your hair. She even provided a product thats helped keep my hair from drying out (I work in the sun all day). Holly is super sweet and I would recommend her a 1000 times!!
5	My wife was in need of a stylist since moving back to Las Vegas and she was having trouble finding someone who not only fit with her personality but was not charging sky rocket and unreasonable prices.  She made a lot of calls to a lot of different salons but could not find what felt like the right fit.  Seeing her frustrated I did what I do for practiacally everything when I need advice on something I went onto Yelp.  Sure enough I found Holly Jackson!  And thank God.  I spoke with her on the phone and told her the story of my wifes challenges and she was absolutlely amazing on the phone with me.  I set an appointment for my wife and she went a few days later.  She loved Holly and even more, she loved her hair.  Holly did an amazing job.  Holly is truly a find if you are looking for an amazing stylist who wont charge you like you are a Hollywood mega movie star.  Thank you Holly for taking care of my wife for me!  You are awesome.
5	She's amazing. I'm not a hair expert and I have trouble figuring out what I think would look right with my face. I'm also not a master home styler, so I want a cut that's a reasonable cost that I can manage on my own.  Holly not only gave me an amazing cut today, but was absolutely great to talk to and explained everything she did to me.  She answered every question I had without making me feel silly for not knowing the answer.  I will definitely be back and sincerely recommend that you check her out!
5	Holly has been my friend for several years and my classmate in Cosmetology school. When she first did my hair in school I pretty much decided she was going to be my hair dresser for life (or as long as she and I live in Las Vegas). Holly is extremely friendly and you will receive VIP treatment in her charming hair studio. You don't have to worry about over hearing the gossip queens in a full scale salon, because you will receive one-on-one treatment with Holly.
5	This is my first review on Yelp and I just got done with my appointment with her which says a lot already. Seriously, Holly deserves all the 5 stars in the world. In one word, she's FANTASTIC. Holly is not only cute, but she is just so amazing that this is the first time in YEARS that I actually love my hair. I have been wanting to do my bangs again but was afraid to pay a hefty amount just to have someone butcher them again. But not Holly! Her prices are reasonable and her attention to detail is great. Like the other reviews on here have said, I am so glad to have met such a talented and sweet person and I am very proud to become a regular of hers. You won't regret it if you pick Holly.
5	I have been loyal to Chelsea K over at the Floyds Barbershop in Hollywood; but I just moved to Vegas. I gave Holly a try and not only was she nice..she was 1. asking questions (attention to detail) 2. Very nice to chat withShe definitely is my new favorite hairstylist! For men out there...she knows what she is doing!! Highly Recommended.
5	Returned for another cut, and it was spot on once again!  Holly rocks!
5	This was my first cut with Holly.  Holly was running about 15 minutes behind, but apologized profusely.  You could tell she pays attention and gives times to her clients.Holly listened to my hair concerns or lack of (I like low maintenance carefree styles), and she only made suggestions when asked. Often times, hairstylist try to upsell you on products, coloring, or an edgier style, I am delighted that Holly listened to me and gave me exactly what I came in for, a basic trim.  Even better was that her cuts are reasonably priced. I think I found my regular hair stylist, I am sure to return to Holly for my next cut.
5	Needed a haircut in a hurry. Like, immediately. Holly was super accommodating and her room is super cute!!! She wasn't like other stylists that get critical or try to tell you what you screwed up. She was friendly and a lot of fun to talk to. I felt like I'd known her for years. She gave me exactly what I wanted and the price was great. I think I found a new regular stylist.
5	This review is a long time coming.  I moved to Las Vegas a year and a half ago and as almost any girl knows, finding a new hair stylist is as scary as finding a new dentist.  I contemplated just commuting to San Diego when I needed my hair done but my husband wasn't on board with that.  When I moved here I didn't know a soul besides my husband so getting a referral to a new stylist wasn't going to happen.  So began my search on Yelp.  I read through tons of reviews to find someone who I thought was a good fit and that brought me to Holly.  And I'm so glad it did.Holly has been doing my hair (cuts, full color and sometimes highlights) for at least a year.  I got so incredibly lucky by finding her first.  She's fantastic.  I look forward to our appointments because I love getting my hair done, what girl doesn't?!  But I also love visiting with her.  She is so down to earth and kind.  I trust her with my hair implicitly.  She is knowledgeable and talented and I highly recommend her.Now we're moving onto Oregon and again I'm wanting to commute to Vegas to get my hair done by Holly.  Now to just talk my husband into it...
5	My hair lady retired after my last haircut and I was so devastated cause I hate having new people mess up my hair. I decided to turn to yelp and it didn't let me down. Holly was very professional and friendly and gave me a great cut.  Since I have a lot of curly hair I need someone that knows what there doing and Holly is that someone.
5	I love Holly. I found her last year when I was visiting my parents in Las Vegas and now she's my go to girl whenever I'm in town. She's extremely sweet, her prices are reasonable, and she tries very hard to make sure you get exactly what you want. I made the mistake of going to another LV salon in between Holly visits and I wound paying it for dearly by having about six inches of hair "layered" off my head. Holly did her best to salvage the situation and I can very gratefully say that I no longer look like a cross between early '80s rod Stewart and Jane Fonda from Klute. Thank you Holly, I promise to never stray again!
5	First time ever having my hair my done by a professional.  What a great experience!Holly has a great personality which made the experience even better. I called the day of because I had a hair emergency and she was able to get me in the same day. WOW! She was all very quick with the whole process probably less than 2 hours. She even gave me a super cute little barrette (that she makes herself) as birthday present. I've always strayed away from big salons for fear of judgement of my damaged hair, and the cost of fixing it.  Her prices are very resonable for all the treatment your getting and If you get a color your first visit, she gives you a complimentary haircut.Holly is so sweet and helped my hair so much! Definitely will return to her for all my hair needs.
3	I was in the market for a new 'do. Getting my hair done has always been a balance between looking professional for work and feeling confident in my very opposite personal life. POSITIVES:Holly is her own receptionist so she is very prompt about responding to texts or calls and being flexible with scheduling. To my own fault I was nearly 30 mins late due to being across town for a dinner date so kudos to Holly for still seeing me as a first time client!She has her own beautifully decorated suite with a dryer, rinse bowl, everything she needs at her disposal. She also offered me a first time visit discount. NEGATIVES:Upon seeing a new stylist, both the client and stylist need to communicate in depth and be precisely clear on the objective. I thought I had offered all of that. I wanted a bold, edgy, asymmetrical haircut that is long on one side, boldly short on the other. Completely noticeable if done right, and just BOLD. I had a photo as well. What I ended up with is an inch less on one side and a few choppy cuts on the ends that I can "style with wax" to showcase detail. This does not at all look edgy.In fact it looks to me like the haircut Sally Fields sported in Mrs. Doubtfire.While looking in my mirror this AM, I tried to be understanding and tell myself "maybe you didn't communicate well enough. it'll grow back" .... and then just under the top layer right near my face I notice grey hairs that were not touched up with the color.Holly had even scheduled another guest when I had originally set up a color AND cut to which she texted "you will be my last guest for the evening" only to find out later that she had scheduled someone else and told me:"We have about an hour..." so inevitably I felt rushed. Holly is super sweet and does know her products well, but the individual results for my own hair came out to be a flop that I am unsatisfied with.
5	I walked in looking like cousin It. I left with a great haircut!!!! Holly was a pleasure to work with. She listened to my hair woes. She then worked her magic!! The best part was I was able to recreate the style this morning!! Finding a new hair stylist is so traumatic but I honestly felt at ease right away. Thank you Holly.
5	I can't recommend her enough, shes a sweet girl that will do her best to get you exactly what you're looking for. I'm not sure how I found her originally (some sort of google search when I moved into the neighborhood), but after that first visit she was my stylist. Shes always incredibly easy to schedule with (txt, calls, she responds to all very promptly). I am a woman with a very short "boy" or "pixie" cut, it can go very wrong very quickly. She was always careful to ask if I liked the steps she was taking. Did I mention shes a very sweet girl? I'd recommend her to all of Vegas!
5	Fixed my horrible hair in no time flat! She is amazing, efficient, and really cares! Thank you Holly!!!
5	A Stylist that LISTENS!I came to Holly because the person who previously did my hair was good at technique but not so good at listening to what I wanted. Holly is great at both.She is a sweet person, very competent at hair design and works with you to get the hair you want even if, like me, it takes a few visits.I love my hair now. She has exceeded my expectations.She has a cute, one room shop in Studio Salons, decorated with her own art. She is very accommodating with appointments or changes. Her prices are very reasonable for the personalized service she provides. Call her today!
5	Holly is so sweet!! I've had an insane amount of hair disaster salons, which leaves me scarred and paranoid about haircuts. I came in to cut some bangs, which a previous salon told me I couldn't do because of a small cowlick. Well, they just didn't know what they were doing because holly was patient with my hair paranoia, did exactly what I asked and I left with a beautiful side bang. Thank you!!
5	Holly Jackson is a fantastic stylist! Being new to Las Vegas, I feel so grateful to have found her. She cut and gave body to my fine, wavy hair.  She is personable, professional and very knowledgable about maintaining healthy hair. I highly recommend her.
5	Holly really cares about your hair! And like other reviews said, she's not scissor happy.  I have long, thick hair and she doesn't cut more than I ask which is a great relief. She really takes the time to listen about what you want. I love the results every time I go to her for either cuts, trims, and color!
5	I was in town for a convention and then a girls weekend. Realized I needed a haircut and went to Yelp for some help which is how I found Holly. She was super quick to respond to my message and great to communicate with. She did a great job with my hair and was very enjoyable to chat with as well. Very friendly and quite knowledgeable about hair and product. Gave me several tips and suggestions and never pushed any product. We talked about one of the hair issues I have and she took the time to show me how I can fix it with a flat iron. She is located in a great little shared space salon. My only regret is I won't be able to use her as my regular stylist.
5	In search an affordable and skilled hairstylist I turned to yelp.  I am so happy I found Holly.  She is friendly, down to earth, unassuming, talented, and overall awesome! I just went for my first appointment this evening and I only have great things to say about my experience.  So first of all her salon is conveniently located in the Studio Salons @ Trop/Ft Apache, so there is plenty of parking and you don't have to get all cute and dressed up to go into one of those fancy (expensive) salons.  Also, you book your appointment directly with Holly via call or text, so no worry about reception desk booking errors.  And she is very flexible; she got me in a couple days later at 5pm so I could come after work.  She is easy to talk to and makes sure that she understands exactly how you want your hair.  I like that she asks for feedback and was eager to make any small tweaks that I requested.  She wants to make sure your hair is perfect for your standards.  Absolutely no snooty stylist attitude at all - I'm sure you know what I mean when a stylist still does your hair their way despite the customer request.  And her prices are very reasonable.I have found my new go to hair spot.  I will definitely be returning to Holly for all of my hair needs.  If you need an additional motivator to give her a shot, she offers a discount to new clients on a cut and color service, which is just icing on the cake for me.
5	Holly, I would just like to thank you again for your services. I've only come to see you a couple of times, but you haven't disappointed me which is why I keep coming back. You're consistent in delivering great cuts & styles, and you're reliable. I know that once I set a scheduled appointment with you, it will be on time. I don't think I've ever had to wait either which is always a plus! I think it also helps that as a stylist, you're also very personable. I've sat in stylists' chairs for long periods of times, and some of them don't really have anything to say to me or even try to make conversation. I think as a hair stylist and service provider, you're definitely well-received by your clients because you go above and beyond expectations of what a stylists does. For one, you've never made me cry after receiving a haircut after one of our sessions! Rather, I have always come into my car wanting to take photos to show off my new hair cut. Not only that, but even some of my guy friends notice my haircuts and styles and they compliment me on it! Not that they really know what changed, but a compliment of, "Did you just get a haircut? Your hair looks really pretty. I don't know what you did, but the shape of your hair changed." is always welcome and appreciated thanks to your skills and comprehensive understanding of what I want with my hair. You always take the time to listen, make great suggestions about which types products to use and when based on my hair's texture, why you cut & style my hair a certain way that is most beneficial to the health of my hair, and give me realistic expectations of what the end results would be. Anyway, I hope you keep being my hair stylist. Can't wait for my next appointment!
5	I set up a Yelp account just so I could write this review. I have had a long run of bad luck with hair stylists for the past few years and now that I have found Holly thanks to previous Yelp reviews - I want to pay it forward!In visiting salons that ranged from the ridiculously over-priced  to the $10 a cut  - each experience ranged from terrible to mediocre. With Holly, I feel like I have finally found the stylist that I have been searching for!Holly was just amazing! Everything one could hope for in a stylist and more! Extremely knowledgeable and skilled - she put me at ease immediately. Holly has an innate sense of what will work and does a fantastic job communicating different options so that you get the best style that works for you. (That is especially impressive when working with someone like me who knows absolutely nothing about hair and normally just throws it up in a ponytail) She knew exactly what could be done with my hair and gave me many tips on what I could do for it. She inspired so much confidence that I had to immediately set up an appointment for her to cut my daughter's hair as well!I truly can't say enough good things about my experience - I am just grateful to have found Holly and look forward to returning in the future. :)
5	HOLLY IS GREAT!I love her studio and I always have fun hanging out with her while my hair is being dyed.  I have thick, black, Asian hair, but Holly manages to get it to the right shade of red without bleaching.  She also provides recommendations on how to take care of my hair, how to select hairstyles where the light would hit it the right way, and gives me tips on places to visit around Las Vegas. We have fun chatting about movies, GAME OF THRONES, bands, and travels.With Holly, it's always a good time with a great hair-do to go home with!  Thanks!
5	I was looking for a new stylist that knows how to cut short hair. After reading the good reviews about Holly, I called and got in the same day... lucky as I was ready to cut it all off!  She is very friendly and knowledgable.  She cut my hair dry which is exactly what you should do if you have curly/wavy hair. She asked a lot of questions about preferences and actually listened to the answers. She did a lot of texturizing and shaped it up in no time.  Great job and a really nice and professional stylist.
5	Holly is nice. She listens and makes suggestions if needed. Got my haircut and color for the first time with her. At first i was skeptical bec im not sure if my hair will turn out nice but i got compliments on my color and cut. Will definitely come back
5	Not that she needs another good review, but Holly Jackson deserves one!I was searching for well-reviewed salons in NLV because I thought I needed a stylist close to home, but then Yelp recommended Holly, who is  across town and well worth a little drive. I love the concept of the Studio Salon. Each stylist rents his or her own little room and runs an individual business. There is no scary receptionist, and no sitting in an uncomfortable waiting room. Holly was ready right on time, and it was just the two of us in her cute little room. She worked quickly, was pleasant to talk to, and did an excellent cut. I've never had such a comfortable, easy, and quick hair appointment. And at $40, including wash and dry, her pricing is perfectly reasonable.I'm thrilled to have finally found the perfect hair stylist after over six years of wishing I could find one in Vegas :)
5	Holly is great. My boyfriend is extremely picky when it comes to hair cuts & he loved the way Holly cut his hair. It was also a plus that she is very down to earth & doesn't talk your ear off about random stuff or gossip like a lot of hairstylists do.
5	It can only be simply said that Holly is one of the best and sweetest hairstylist in Vegas. I had explained my situation with Holly. My hair has been cut/trimmed only three times since I had moved to Vegas six years ago. All three experience has been not so favorable.  I have the stereotypical Asian hair that will show any unevenness and flaw. It's stick straight with no life at all. Holly chopped about twelve inches off and styled it with bounce and life! I also wasn't sure how I wanted my haircut but she gave me awesome advise. So glad I found her, and I will definitely go back
5	I went to visit Holly again this past weekend, and it was so convenient.  She fit me in on Sunday afternoon.  I was in and out in 30 minutes or less with a fantastic haircut!  She's so awesome!!
5	I moved to Vegas a little over a year ago and left my hair stylist of 10 years back in NJ. I was more than a little afraid to try someone new, but luckily I found Holly!She was very nice about my anal retentive behavior regarding my hair trim and layers. She did a great job, took off EXACTLY what I asked her to!! (I've had a few stylists basically ignore me and cut off what they wanted)When she dyed my hair from brunette to blonde she did a great job and I had minimal damage after 2 full highlights and a full dye job. She's super nice and makes you feel comfortable even if you are a paranoid freak about your hair like me. Haha. My best friend goes to her as well and really likes her too. I would recommend her to anyone.
5	Holly is seriously amazing! She really listens to what you want and makes you feel and look so beautiful. She is so sweet and nice to talk to. She takes the time to explain anything you may have questions or concerns about. She's fixed my horrible hair cuts and done color corrections from other unprofessional hairstylists (if that's what they call themselves) she's truly a lifesaver!  Holly also cuts my husbands and lil girls hair which she also does an incredible job at. She is the best hairstylist I've been to hands down!
4	Went yesterday to get my hair color. Holly is really nice and sweet. I love my hair color!! :) But next time, maybe I should get a one or two shade lighter than this. Because no one notices that I had a hair color. They thought its the same thing as before :( But still! I love my hair color and her product didn't dry out my hair. It turned out to be soft and straight. Will come back to her studio again and bring my sister with me too :)
