4	These are the bagels I get for special occasions, company, xmas morning, etc...it's across town, in the barrio, oddly enough(there is a good taco place next door).  In the morning it is filled with elderly East Coast Jews having breakfast, with the exception of me, being neither elderly nor Jewish... their breakfasts are good, but if you want a good choice for a dozen bagels, get there early or you will be limited to second tier choices like honey wheat raisin or whatever...all the sesame and poppy will be gone, baby.If you do happen to be Jewish, there is also a kosher Israeli restaurant on the same block, called Haifa. I suppose you wouldn't have to be Jewish to eat there, though....I've never tried to...I think I should, now that I mention it, though.
3	Bagels, Bagels, Bagels. Terrible name, great bagels! This is a little family owned Jewish Deli. The food is pretty good but the bagels is where it's at. Closest thing to NY bagels that I have found in Vegas. Real, boiled, NY bagels with great cream cheese's and many other hard to find kosher items. If you like the mom and pops places then this is a great place. Make sure you bring cash because they don't take plastic here.
5	Harry's Bagelmania, as stated by two Jewish people I know personally who are both from New York and now living here in Las Vegas,  is where the BEST bagels in Las Vegas come from.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels are described as "Just how you would get them in New York, a touch crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside."  They are very different from the frozen bagels in plastic bags available in supermarkets.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels come in many varieties, to name a few:  sesame, poppy, cinnamon/raisin, onion, plain.  A dozen is not more than $7.  Harry's Bagelmania doesn't only sell bagels.  They serve brunch until, if I'm not mistaken, 2 p.m.  Kosher deli staple is what's on the menu here.  Mr. Tony Curtis, a famous old-time actor and a Jewish New Yorker(actress Jamie Lee Curtis' actor father) has been seen here dining every now and then.  Harry's Bagelmania is located on Twain, southeast corner of Swenson.
5	This place has been my hangout for 20 years! I have smoked over 34 million cigarettes here, held business meetings, lived through 4 owners (outlived actually) and the transition to non-smoking has slowed me down but not stopped me. Maybe I'll quit.The food is good and totally authentic. Yes, old Jewish weirdos and gangstas abound (including me). Be sure to go there or your life will never be quite complete....
5	I took a stroll down memory lane this past weekend (Yes, it was homecoming at UNLV) and ate here last Monday.  Old Mort is on that cloud in the sky now, but the memories are still there at Bagelmania. Yes, 'tis full of old East Coast Jews in the morning, and the breakfasts are served by the same 'ol fuddy-duddy women who served me as a young kid from San Francisco years ago.  I had the specials, which consisted of bagel, sausage, and three eggs.  I took two of my pals who happened to be celebrating homecoming as well.  We spent $24 on coffee and the specials.  All was served efficiently.  Same rude service, but mind you this place was packed early in the morning.  So head to that 'ol strip mall on Twain and Swenson in the 'hood, and grab yourself a special (if you read the RJ, don't clip the coupon.  It's an advertisement) and a toasted onion bagel.
5	This is a little family owned Jewish Deli with Fresh made bagels. This place is packed with regulars ever Saturday & Sunday. Limited seating-NO boothes, MOSTLY breakfast & Bagels, a little sandwich menu for Lunch. Closes early around 3 pm. My mother-in-law a NY Jew has been going here for more than 20 years and swears it's just like home. I usually enjoy the breakfast platter-eggs,bacon or sausage & a bagel plus homefries. The LOX i'm told by my wife is the freshest around. A truly EAST Coast Deli experience in a very shady neighborhood. Once the Haifa Restaurant closed in this shopping center it has gotten very scary. Atmosphere & Service our outstanding every time. The food is OK, but the BAGELS are the BEST
5	this is the best deli/restarant i have ever been to.i have been going there since i was a kid with my mom and now with my own kids love ya harry.i always get the breakfast special 2 eggs home fried potatos sausage and a bagel toasted with butter nd jelly they also have great sandwiches the best pastrami.the bagels are great everything is great and the service is like family.
5	I swore I would never review Harrie's Bagelmania (correctly spelled) but since the secret is out, I will give them the props they deserve.  I wanted to keep my secret place empty for myself.This is by far the best breakfast I have in Las Vegas....even better than the Maple Tree which is very yummy.  It is a dumpy little place in a half-deserted strip mall in a so-so part of town but the food is good....really good.  All the egg dishes are yummy/  They understand bacon well done better than anyone.  I'm not a big fan of their pancakes but most people like them.  I love the bagels...yummy, heavy, proper bagels.  I have been coming here for 15 years.  Every time I go to Vegas I go to Bagelmania.  I brought a party of 10 one Sunday morning and they sat us right away in the back.  Everybody at the table loved it.  That is unusual to get 10 folks to sign off on a place. The service is always appropriate.  They won't wow you with being overly friendly, but it is prompt and attentive.I highly recommend Harries for breakfast....but in 15 years, I have never had lunch there.  Try it once.  You will probably like it.
3	Harrie's Bagelmania-This place has HISTORY-It's a part of the fabric of Las Vegas an old school NY-style Jewish Deli.In a small shopping center at Swenson & Twain its just between the STRIP and the Boulevard Mall. Also in the same center is the HAIFA Restaurant another Jewish eatery.It's known for its Friendly service and REAL food. FRESH made bagels and More. It's a little cramped in there with NO boothes and most patrons are regular who are WELL-FED! lolThey know your name and what you are gonna order before you get seated. Along the back wall is a mural of an old school neighborhood with people looking out their 3rd story window of their brownstone hollering the ice cream man-etc(you get the picture)Well they have polaroid cut-out of REAL customer taped over the faces on the mural to personalize it-VERY COOL!!As far as the food goes-I guess you have to be Jewish or from NY to appreciate it. Eggs & Onions,Lox with Onions, and Matza just not my cup of tea Being an Iowa Farm boy.
4	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. Their bagel sandwiches are to die for, of course, but one of my favorite things is is actually their chicken matzo ball soup that is served with little bagel chips!!! SO delicious and perfect for a hangover AND there is a lot of it so I can usually take it home and eat it later too! The service is totally fast and friendly. Cash only kind of sucks but they definitely make it work. I would give this place a definite 5-star rating except....I can't figure out how to get my picture on the wall in one of those little buildings! Haha just kidding (kinda). Definitely worth the venture off the strip even though the surrounding neighborhood is kind of crappy. Oh well :)
5	The Real Deal.  Real bagels - no shortcuts - at least 15 kinds.  And all the traditional toppings/spreads.  Bialys. All kinds of sandwiches, salads, soups...  Made from scratch.  Noodle kugel with raisins!  3 kinds of knish - kasha (outstanding), potato, and meat (I've only had the kasha).  Fried matzo, blintzes, potato pancakes...  Lox, nova, kreplach, schmaltz - all available here.  All of the regular breakfast offerings plus a million choices for lunch.  Super-friendly people! (thanks Nancy!)  They also cater.Open daily 6:30 am to 3pm.Within walking distance of The Strip.  Just say No to nasty casino rubber bagels and GO HERE.
4	In another life, I was probably born Jewish. I went through a phase growing up when I was obsessed with bagels, lox, etc. Hell, I even studied the violin for 13+ years. Harrie's helped reunite me with my long lost (and imagined) Jewish identity while i did my stint out in LV.Harrie's, as others have said, is a tradition in LV. For me, it was a Saturday morning late breakfast with either their hash or 2 eggs sunny side up all served with a warm toasted bagel of your choice and some cream cheese on the side. The coffee wasn't the best, but who cared? I was sitting here for a chance glimpse of the Elvis impersonator driving up in his silver Chrysler Sebring. It's more about the ambience here. This is old Las Vegas, folks. Good hearty NY style deli food with cheery people who love the city and treat the customers right.Yes, they make their own bagels. When you go towards the back, you'll see the bags of flour and the mixing machines through the kitchen doorway. And they make a killer bialy too. The prices are good too. There's a breakfast special on the weekdays - can't recall how much, but it won't run you more than $5 for 2 eggs any style, some meat, a bagel and a coffee. Why sit in a generic Denny's or Blueberry Hill restaurant when you can just relax and feel at home here at Harrie's?5 stars for ambience and service, 3.5 - 4 stars for food. I like the bialy the best. Reconnect with your love for bagels...and give Harrie's a try. If you see Elvis, take a picture for me. Thank you, thank you very much.
4	AH, the real deal.  Finally made it here!Eric R. is a doll and whisked me away from work for lunch here.*gasp* THEY HAVE KREPLACH!!!! the only place in town!!!so I got a 1/2 tongue sandwich on challah and a cup of kreplach, and a Dr. Brown's black cherry soda in a bottle!The kreplach: huge, yummy, comforting, came with noodles and the broth was tasty, plus bagel chips.The sandwich: tongue was shaved thin, fatty and delicious.  Challah was a bit dry but stood up to the meat.  Pickle was crisp and tangy.Eric R. ordered a turkey melt on poppyseed bagel and a potato pancake.  He licked his plate clean (I had to move the pickle bc he hates em).+1 they have the indifferent New Yorkish deli waitress herself!Only thing is..CASH ONLY!  I didn't know and here I offered to treat Eric R. and my debit card got rejected!  They have an ATM but it would cost me a fortune in fees so I gave the boy my little cash (just spent it all in San Diego at Farmer's Market yesterday!) and he treated me!!!I owe him one!!!yum!Wish it was open past 3 because next time I get sick and want kreplach soup, it will be closed at night :(
3	For a full year i make the drive from mountains edge to the eastside ( office bldg next to Lindo on DI ) - sometimes i take the 215/airport route, other times the 15 / spring mtn ; During that time i drove by Harrie's at least 100+ times and i never tried.I move to my westside office last month and now i've tried harrie's twice ... go figurefirst visit - standard breakfast - 3 eggs over, sausage patties, everything bagel toasted.  solid - priced a little on the high side given the zip code but overall, i like the place.2nd visit - lunch - get the turkey/pastrami/swiss and thousand island on rye with the mac salad ( homemade ) - again, decent sammie - a little pricey for what you get ( $11.50 ) and for the mac salad being "homemade" it sure had that bucket-o-salad taste to it.If i'm in the area and need some breakfast or lunch, i'll definitely re-visit.pics added
4	They have Yelp & Zagat rating stickers on the window, which can be intimidating for anyone, walking into a business. I was recommended to come here from a writer in Las Vegas. I ordered the Matzoball soup & Turkey Club with potato pancake and apple sauce.The matzoball soup was hot and large in a good amount of liquid. I'm used to having chicken noodle matzoball soup, so this was a change. For the price, avoid ordering it plus something else.The turkey club sandwich was tasty. I ordered it with toasted wheat bread. The sandwich came out so large that I was almost not able to fit my big mouth around it. This is a sandwich for which I would return to this restaurant to eat again.Some of the charm of this restaurant are the people who work there, mainly the waitresses. They'll tell you straight up what is really going on and make sure you order food that you will enjoy. I have not tried the dessert here yet. Visit for the sandwiches and the authentic type deli.
4	Sadly, I never had an Elvis sighting here in my many jaunts to Vegas and breakfasts at this place. Great homemade bagels- I am partial to the everything bagel, which is dense and soft and fresh and crunchy on the outside. Coffee is okay and hash and eggs are standard...but you're really just here for the bagels (and the Elvis sighting) so it's all good. A great place for cheap weekend brunch.
3	Second stop in search for the best Pastrami. IMHO. Had the pastrami on Rye. Although all was fine with the sandwich, I was a little disappointed with the amount of meat. I wanted a little more for the almost 11.00 dollar meal. You do get a little apple sauce and potato pancake, but I could have done away with that for a meatier sandwich. Oh well, the search continues.
4	Now a few weeks ago, my request to find kreplach soup that I sent to the RJ's Taste of the Town in February, suddenly showed up in the newspaper!  Now, I never read newspaper tangiibly or online, but I happened to check it and see my request, 8 months later.  The truth is, as everyone can see here, I found kreplach soup in town back in May.  I had not been back to Harrie's since my first trip because whenever I think to go there, it is after their 3 PM closing time.However, this weekend I felt miserable, and decided the only way to recuperate was to get kreplach soup.  Eric R. and I happened to have planned on lox and bagels for breakfast, so I decided to get a half dozen bagels there too.  I walked in, grabbed a bottled Dr. Brown's black cherry, and at the counter I declared with passion, "Give me the largest container of kreplach soup you have!"  The lady smiled and pointed to a big to go container, and I waved my hand and exclaimed, "PERFECT!"Then I proceeded to order a half dozen bagels for Eric R. and a small cream cheese (he had the Tofutti one in the fridge but I think he really wanted the real deal so I surprised him).  In the end, I came home and had a giant bowl of kreplach soup accompanied by bagel chips, then some lox (aka brain food), whipped out some capers and sliced onion for Eric R., and saved the other half of the soup to get me through today.  A combination of Harrie's kreplach soup, Eric R.'s furnishing me with love and kleenex, and benadryl have nursed me back toward normalcy.
5	As a Jewish girl who lives in a predominantly Mormon state, I was thrilled to find Bagelmania.  The best corned beef hash I've ever had and the bagels, amazing.  Great black and white cookies and we picked up some pastrami for the road.  The cole slaw a little too creamy for my taste, but everything else terrific
4	Are you shitting me?This charming place is in the sketchiest part of Vega$$ and yet it's the cutest little place ever.Frequented by retired people who have a whole 'nother appreciation of the beauty of a relaxing breakfast, I found myself charmed by the environment, the service and the food. It serves all day, and it's one of places that tourists would never find or make a destination, so I feel a bit of Las Vegan ownership already. I'll go back again and if you want some company, hit me up, I'm sure I'll be game.
3	So I got really excited about there being a "Jewish" deli over by where I live, as I've been missing that style of food since moving to Vegas from Los Angeles.  It really was an old-timers place, the kind where people have been going there for years and the waitresses know your names.  I was probably the only person in the place under 40.  I liked the feel, and the food was decent, I had the corned beef hash.  I've had better, but on the whole the meal was perfectly acceptable.  However what got me was the bill, $19 with tip for corned beef hash with a potato pancake and a cup of iced tea.  For that price I could've gone to the Stage or Carnegie Deli on the strip and gotten what would probably have been better food.  Will I come back here, probably, since I get that food craving every now and then.  And be forewarned, bring cash, they don't accept credit cards.
4	What can I say, Harrie you did it again! This is the second time I have dined on Harrie's as close as it gets to the east coast bagels on the west coast, well in Las Vegas at least. From potato knish to pumpernickel bagel Harries has me all vacklempt. Crisp on the outside soft on the inside, slight bagel chewyness without giving you lock jaw. O' what a bagel. It has been a long time since I had an everything bagel, and harrie you brought me back in time to old New york school days of my usual everything bagel breakfast. These bagels even hold up for a few days so order a dozen. Shalom harrie!!
4	Great Jewish deli, but be forewarned: they are not open for dinner. Great bagels, bialies, kugel and chopped liver. Extra laudits for the bagels and sweet kugel, which was awesome! They even sell fresh schmaltz! Everything I've eaten here is good except for the cabbage borscht. It tasted like something schlocked together from various canned food. Avoid!
4	Harrie's Bagelmania is an excellent deli. I had a nice bagel, a nice bialy, and a good pastrami omelet.I mentioned on another discussion board that I thought Weiss' Deli in Henderson had the best bagel Ilve had outside New York and I had a couple of people say they thought Harrie's was better. I've eaten at both places only once, but I think I like Weiss' bagels better.Harrie's is still a great place. Everything tastes freshly made. Service was excellent at Harrie's too. The everything bagel I got was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, just like it should be. I also appreciate that they make their own pastrami.It's cash only.
5	thanks fellow yelpers for a great find. was looking for something casual and quick for breakfast and didn't want to have to hunt for parking at a casino restaurant. plus, i'm always on the lookout for a good bagel, so harrie's came up on my search.pretty big menu of deli/diner selections, lots of omelets, scrambles, sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. i had the corned beef hash and eggs, which came with breakfast potatoes and a bagel w/cream cheese. food was served piping hot and was outstanding. hash was tasty and not overloaded with grease as can happen.had an onion bagel, tasted as "east coast" as i've had on the west coast. for a frame of reference, my favorite ny bagels are h&h... not sure how native new yorkers would rate those, but i love 'em. absolutely hate noah's bagels. can't wait to dig into the plain (always a measure of how good a bagel joint is) and the bialy i brought home.highly recommend harrie's for a casual, off strip breakfast or lunch with a decidedly local flavor. i'm disappointed i hadn't heard of this place sooner... it will be a must visit whenever i'm in lv. as others have noted, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy, but i wouldn't let that stop me from visiting. cash only.
4	Classic New York-style bagel place nestled in the heart of the ghetto on Twain Street. (take your gat with you!)We order breakfast from here, for my work, when we have large meetings.  Everyone always requests this place and we order the simplest thing:-Bagel Breakfast Sandwich: egg, cheese (some sort of meat: bacon, sausage or ham) on a plain bagel.  That is it!The eggs is cooked perfectly: like a fried egg and the yolk is just barely runny so all the flavors of the egg, cheese, meat and bagel dance on your tongue.  YUM!Believe this: this sandwich is even good COLD!  We had lots of leftovers and people were eating them for lunch cold.  Cold egg?  Uh yeah, its good on this sandwich.  (I would NEVER eat a Egg McMuffin cold, but this shiz is for real!)Their bagels are exactly what I look for in a bagel: moist, a little chewy and delicious flavor.  I have only had the plain bagel and if its that good, I can only imagine how good everything else is.(after i ate two halves: one for breakfast and one for lunch, I gained 2 pounds, but I think it was worth it!!)Nancy (who I think is married to the owner??) is a doll and always makes sure everything is perfect.  We ordered from here last week:30 bagel sandwiches and a fruit bowl.  They cut the bagel sandwiches in half and I swear everyone ate at least 3 halves!  The total was around $193 (included tax and delivery) and she took a check.Now this is hearsay, but a lot of the people in my office have come here for breakfast and have said how they INHALED all of their food, because its that good!If anything, go here for a bagel breakfast sandwich or bagel and cream cheese and you will be addicted!
4	Yay! I'm MOST DEFINITELY a fan. Sadly, I have never heard of this place, nor been to this place. However, I did have these delicious bagels brought into my life when they were delivered to me at work. I got a dozen of my favorite: Everything Bagel! I have never had a better everything bagel!!! I am no expert or aficionado of bagels, but I was blown away. Aside from the taste and the abundance of garlic, onions, poppy seeds galor.... the texture was also perfect. The top half of the bagel was loaded and dense/fluffy... while the bottom was denser and had a nice bite to it. I can't wait to make a presence in this said to be authentic bagel shop so I can see what all they have to offer and re-write my review! Right now I am about to try the cinnamon bagel... and I'm excited:]
4	Looking for actual Vegas locals? This is the place. Oldschool. Fresh. Bagels. If you are looking for fancy-schmancy or corporate-cookie cutter, you are in the wrong place. But if you like off the beaten path, mom & pop, every-day Jewish Deli slash diner food, you're in for a treat! The waitress might have been a little Ed Debevic's without the irony but so what. Expect it. After breakfast, we took a dozen bagels to go! BTW, CASH ONLY!By the way... If you are looking for schmalz it is available for purchase by the pound.
4	This place is awesome.  went there super hung over from an epic night and the food is perfect.  Awesome breakfast potatoes, bagel sandwiches with egg, cheese, and whatever meat you want.  They have it all. Its close to the strip.Not a ritzy place at all - the ATM gives you a receipt and you have to get your cash at the front desk!??Price is legit though - you can have a full breakfast for $10 easily
3	Pretty good bagels, and good overall breakfast.  I liked the fact that it was a deli and had a large menu.  However, the bagels were a little denser and not quite what I'm used to.  We have an Einstein's here that I really like, and I guess that's what I've come to expect.  Harrie's may be more traditional, but I didn't like them quite as much.
5	Consistently good bagel brunch, as good as anywhere one can find in Las Vegas.  The sable platter ($16.49, maybe the most expensive item on the menu) was fresh and the coffee was hot.   Free yourself of your tourist trap and come here for food that is half the cost of lower-quality product on the strip.Total for 4 adults and 4 children eating brunch, mostly egg and bagel material including one aforementioned sable platter, was about $75 plus tip.
5	The bagels are excellent!!! Everyone there is very nice as well. My cup of coffee is never even close to being empty. The guy that runs around with water and coffee is on it!! And he is super polite! I was born in New York and grew up eating awesome bagels and these are the only ones like that in Vegas. I did order the eggs Benedict once and did not like it at all. But bagels are their specialty, so I understand. The hollandaise was grainy. Another time they made me an egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms it was delicious! Plus it came with a bagel and I got fruit instead of home fries, so great options. Yesterday I tried their beef barley soup and it was pretty tasty came with bagel chips. Very reasonable prices as well!! I'm so happy I found this place!
5	Possibly one of three best bagels and breakfast places ever... It may me a little hard to find but so worth it... The bagels leave New York bagels in the dust and everything from the sausage to the eggs is delicious. Great service and great people.... I would make the drive from LA every morning to eat here.  After having breakfast for en entire week in Vegas at all the top hotels I found a place that actually tastes good.
4	A friend who lives here in Vegas took me to this hidden gem.  My pastrami rueben was fantastic.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I eat here about three or four times a year, breakfast and lunch.  The prices are moderate for the amount and quality of food - it is Vegas.The CB hash is always good and the daily specials, especially the chicken-in-a-pot are good.Take some of the cookies home with you and a bag of bialis.
5	Super cheap & super awesome breakfast! They really know how to do breakfast right here, with super huge portions and fresh hot breakfast. My friends and I ordered food from here to-go and brought it back to our hotel to eat. We couldn't believe how much food we got! I ordered the 3 eggs with potatoes meal combo. It came with your choice of bagel or toast. I got the Jalapeno bagel with butter, and it was super delicious!! It`s even better because it was close by and has lots of parking :) The waiters and waitresses are so nice and helpful. A must visit if you`re looking for a cheap breakfast place and not feeling like buffets.
5	Smoked salmon spread was chock-ful of smoked salmon.Bagel fresh, tasty, and full of sesame seeds.Super friendly service -- gave us complimentary samples of whitefish and baked salmon salads.And honestly the best black and white cookie of my life.  It's going on my Vegas rotation.
5	My husband and I were just talking about how Las Vegas is becoming a close second to NYC for us.  Las Vegas has the shows, the food, etc.  The one important thing that Las Vegas was missing was the NYC bagel and pizza.  Well now they got the bagel.  Thank you Harrie and Nancy! I tried the jalapeno and cheese, sesame, everything, and poppyseed.  They were all very very good.  Just enough bite on the outside and chewiness on the inside.  What i was truly impressed with was that the lox spread had actual chunks of salmon in it.  Very, very yum.  I also had the vegetable and strawberry spread, and they were also very good.  Nancy mentioned that she adds no preservatives into her products.  I think that's all the more reason to give this place a try.  You won't regret it.
4	Real pumpernickel bagels!  Heaven. This place is open only for breakfast and lunch, but I go for breakfast when I have a chance because it reminds me of the deli of my childhood, Shapiros of Indianapolis, when I go there then.Although it is not as great as it was when Harrie was alive [he died a few years ago], Harrie's widow lovingly keeps his restaurant and his deli alive.Go first thing in the morning and you will see a cross-section of the real Las Vegas -- politicians, cab drivers, general folks -- enjoying a good meal.It is worth it just to go for the "show."  It has a real deli feel to it.  Something which is missing in other better known Las Vegas delis.
5	Reminds me of a NJ bagel shop more than any other place I have found in Vegas. A bacon, egg and cheese on a well-made bagel (with real eggs and crispy bacon) seems to be a rarity on the West coast but they have them here for $4.50. I have found breakfast sandwiches like that elsewhere, on crappy bagels, for upwards of $7 (really!) Also tried the corned beef (lean) on rye (too many caraway seeds) which was good and the matzoh ball soup which was also good but could have used some actual chicken. I'll be back for sure, though. Also, they have special discounts on bagels, corned beef and pastrami on Tuesdays. Bring cash, no credit cards accepted.
4	All I could think about from the moment I woke up was, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While getting ready for the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While at the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". After the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?".Well, hello Harrie's Bagelmania. I have had you bookmarked for well over six months. Thank you cravings that would put a pregnant woman to shame. When I want a certain food, let no one get in my way. The service is quick and efficient. As I walked through the door, the busperson already had ice water and menu in hand and was walking to my table. Two minutes later, the waitress took my order. 5-10 minutes and my Nova Lox and Everything Bagel was out. I had ordered the Fresh Fish Platter For One ($14.99). My unsalted salmon came with a scoop of either plain or chive cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and olives. The chive cream cheese uses fresh chopped greens. The everything bagel was chewy and possessed an amalgamation of all their savory components. On top of that, not only did I have enough of ingredients to dress two half bagels, but top the extra veggies with salmon. With each order, there was six strips of the fatty fish. I am thankful because recently I have become a garbage disposal. The restaurant was half packed and the staff was able to finish my meal in half an hour. It is a great place for a quick breakfast.
4	Just visiting Vegas and found Harrie's on Yelp. It was just as advertised: a great local spot in the ghetto with delicious breakfast bagels and a deli. The place was full of regulars that the employees knew by name, a nice change from being with all the tourists on the Vegas strip. I had an "everything" breakfast bagel with egg, bacon, and cheese. It was hot, perfectly toasted and yummy. Coffee was not bad, not the best I've ever had but decent and served in nice blue mugs. The service was fast and friendly. And they had an awesome New York mural on the wall to look at while we ate. They take cash only so plan ahead. Definitely going back to check out the deli next time I am in town.
5	This place has won awards, had to try it. You do have to drive through a bad part of town but it is worth it. The staff are friendly, nice and helpful. The food is outstanding!!The breakfast plates, bagels and kugel all taste great, the price is reasonable, and the breakfast plates are large portions.I visit this whenever I am in Vegas, even if I have a free breakfast somewhere else, I will go here.Definitely a wide selection of people and a lot of locals and regulars, but I felt right at home. Plus it is close to the convention center and not too far from the strip.
5	I am afraid to tell anyone else about this place as then it will be too busy and the prices will be raised - but I also want them to stay in business as i just bought a house in vegas. East Coast - the real deal. try it once - you'll be back. Do not go for the ambiance - in fact - get take out. It's just the best.
4	Delicious super platter (lox, sable, and whitefish, plain and scallion cream cheese, plus 3 bagels.) I even got a fourth, salt, which was quite nice with the right amount of salt and poppy seeds. Too much for the three of us to eat but we stumbled away happy and stuffed to the gills.
5	Mindblowing.That is the word for this fantastic breakfast joint waaay off the old and hackneyed Vegas Strip. Freshly made bagels, tasty cream cheeses, and lots of coffee... what else do you need to start off your day?If you happen to be a freak and don't like bagels, Harrie's also serves tons of other breakfast dishes, from eggs to pancakes to french toast. I can't speak for those because I devoured half their bagels over two breakfasts there.Bonus points for friendly service - I left my phone on the table and one of the wait staff came over and handed it back to me as I was leaving.
4	Ok, just flew into Las Vegas from DC, and the ONLY reason I came here was because of the fact other reviewers noted they had kreplach.  Cup of chicken soup comes with one kreplach, bowl comes with 2.  I got 5 and willingly paid extra based on my anticipation...and...not disappointed...what a find!!!!  Might just come back for dinner (it's 11:41 am as I write this) and have kreplach!This place does not take cash, they do have an ATM machine in the back that I swear had to have been made in the 1930s :)  I assume the lady at the register is the owner, and she's very nice, very real.  The neighborhood and the place inside is fine, and it does indeed have character in a good way.The bowl of chicken soup (with myh 5 kreplach flopping over the sides) was very large, was great.  The kreplach were large, well formed, good filling.Very happy to find a place that serves Kreplach on an authentic level.  Did not try anything else here, just the soup.  I recommend it.
4	Ok, couldn't resist, just returned this afternoon.  This time got the Kreplach bowl with 2 extra, so total of 4.  Soup just as good, this time had more carrots, a good thing, the kreplach again well formed, good filling, firm.  Goin' miss this place :)
5	I am a sucker for a good bagel and after 4 days of convention food and all you can eat buffets, a simple, delicious breakfast was my desire.  It took me years to try this place.  Last year it was good and this year, again, it was a terrific break from the trade show grind, and just a half mile from the convention center.In addition to the bagels, which were great, I tried the $10 Hoppel Poppel.  It's a mix of breakfast foods:  scrambled eggs, hash browns, salami, green peppers and onions.  The serving was gigantic and easily shared.  Harrie's Bagelmania is at the kind of off the strip, locally owned restaurants I love to find on trips to Vegas.
5	This place is truly a hidden treasure. It's a small, family-owned authentic Jewish deli with an incredibly friendly staff and it is SOOOOO GOOD!!!! Harrie's Bagelmania is so much more than just a bagel shop. Absolutely everything is hand made from scratch and you can taste the love. Their sausage, egg, and cheese bagelwich blows all other breakfast sandwiches out of the water. The matzo ball soup tastes like your Jewish friend's grandma made it especially for you on a chilly day. The chicken salad is more flavorful than any I've ever tried; it was delicious (and I don't even like chicken salad, I only got to try this one because my friend ordered it). And the biali...OH the biali! For those of you unfamiliar with a biali (like I was), it is a type of bread -- similar to a bagel but not as dense-- with tiny minced onions and other delicious flavorings in the center. I've eaten their biali with the chicken salad, with the matzo ball soup, with cream cheese, and by itself...all amazing. I'd go to this place every single day if it weren't for the fact that doing so would turn me in to Shamu. I highly recommend it.Note: They are cash only.
5	I am having a tough time rating places, because when I am reading reviews I am looking for a place in the 4 to 5 stars range. However, when  I review I feel like 5 stars is the best EVER. I am changing, my 5 stars is now...I can not wait to go back! Harrie's is a perfect example.  The food was great, the service wonderful, the place was clean. The egg and sausage bagelwich is superb. My wife had the lox sandwich and while it was expensive, it took both of to finish it. We are already planning our next trip. Another, place that I am glad that it is not in my neighborhood, or I would eat there too much!
5	I miss Jewish delis in LA. Nate and Al's, Brent's Deli, Canter's, etc.This is THE closest thing. I stopped in one morning when I was craving a heavy breakfast. I got the everything bagel with nova and cream cheese. For the first time in my life, I had a choice between Lox and Nova. If you don't know the difference, google it. The Nova and Lox are priced per lb, and its a bit pricey, but who cares. You get what you pay for.I am glad this place is down the street from my office. I'll be back!
4	Just come here to get a great bagel. This isn't your crappy bagel like einstein bagels. These are homemade. Cash Only.
5	I love this place!!The food is fresh, made to order and REAL.The bagel/Biale and lox spread is to die for!! No need for the full lox, the spread is LOADED with lox.Stupid Yelp has me visiting a couple times, but I have been at least 6 times. It's cash only, but they have an ATM on premises. I do conferences and tradeshows- so I come thru Vegas reguarly and this IS my breakfast stop. It's close, fast, fresh and delicious!! Look for the locals- you will see them over and over. The staff is also the same day in, day out.And I am ROLLING, laughing at the pregnant woman's dissertation on how bad this place is...she could have stopped with "I'm pregnant".
5	What a lovely little gem. Perfect for a quick to go meal on the way to the Grand Canyon. Food delicious and service perfect. Even filled our camelbacks!
5	Excellent deli short drive from the strip. Salami and egg breakfast was excellent. Bagels are top notch. Please note cash only. Update they now take credit cards via 4square.
4	i have only tried the bagels and bagel sandwiches here and i go back weekly.  enough said :)
4	If you are in Las Vegas and headed to the Convention Center make an effort to stop at Harrie's Bagelmania.  This little deli is a nice change from the glitz and glamour of The Strip.  Many locals stop by here for breakfast and lunch.I was in the area recently.  I took the RTC city bus route 108 from McCarran Airport.  For $2, the bus will wisk you to Harrie's in 10 minutes.  It's in a little strip mall on the corner of Swenson and Twain.Despite being a deli, they offer sitdown service.  One entree that I enjoyed was their Three Fer plate: knish, potato pancake and a blintz.  It comes with sour cream and apple sauce on the side.  On my recent trip, I had the kasha knish.  They also offer a knish with potatos or meat.     I would definitely return for breakfast and lunch.  The staff is friendly and food was fresh.  As their name implies, they have a host of bagel combinations.  They do close at 3pm.
5	The food is very tasty and quite plentiful.This is now going to be a regular stop when ever I come to Vegas.
5	Omg.. bomb.com..will stop by here everytime I come to Vegas, here on out.
5	What wonderful bagels they make! Lunch was excellent also. I ordered a cup of lentil soup and a side of sour cream. Add the bagel crisps that came with it, and I had a satisfying lunch not involving meat. My companion had the half pastrami sandwich/cup of cabbage soup combo and ate every bite. The place doesn't accept credit cards but has an ATM in the corner for those without the green.
5	Seriously... Jewish Delis are a significant point of weakness for me. Fresh bagels. Ridiculous portions of food that should never been mixed together or consumed in one sitting. Especially for breakfast! Harrie's is no exception. Hot coffee coming right up- you will eat to content and from a smorgasbord of delectable homemade options. If you eat here all you will say on your way home from Vegas is, Oy Vey! Who needs a buffet?!
3	My first trip to Harrie's.  Enjoyed the food, and the service was good.  I had a tuna melt, and chicken soup.  It was all good, and the portions were huge.  Easy to get to location, with ample parking, at least when we went.  Would go again for food when in the neighborhood.
5	They have the best bialys and bagels ever.  After breakfast my husband and I took home chopped liver, a kasha knish, and creamed herring.  When we asked for extra onions in the herring the owner told the cook to weigh the herring first then add the onions so we wouldn't be charged more for the addition.  Very nice.  We will definitely be back for more.
4	Love this place!  Came here to get some breakfast to go.  We took out some bagels and a knish.  Bagels were good and fresh and the knish was good and authentic.  Good prices on those.  Also took out a couple of OJ's and milk to wash it all down.  The drinks were a bit pricey and ended up being more than a third of the whole breakfast.  Next time, we'll head to the grocery store for drinks.  The place was clean and the staff very helpful.  Would have liked to eat in but not this trip.  Definitely recommend.
4	Good for breakfast and brunch. It is located in a rough part of the city. I recently moved closer to downtown so I drop by often. Nova/lox sandwiches are my favorite. Be careful, Lox can get too salty (or was it the other way around??). You can get all your standard bagels. All of them freshly baked. Hash corned beef is very good. A side of them is big enough for 2. it is a good deli in that part of the city.  Not a world-class place  but good for Vegas and the best you can get in that area.
4	Sometimes you get a craving for something...for me it was lox and bagels on an everything bagel with capers. And nothing else will do. Yeah, I could have went to Einstein Bagels...and had some teenager slap something together for me. I didn't want that, I wanted a good bagel place, locally owned, and that knows how to make great bagels. I found what I was looking for at Harrie's Bagelmania. Yes, it's in a "sketchy" part of town for some people. So what. Walk in, have a seat, and let them bring you a menu. Service was spot on...I had questions, I got answers without attitude. My food arrived fast. My check didn't arrive until I was just about finished. I like service like that which I consider just right. But all that means nothing, what about the food? I had another one of those OMG did I order more than I can eat moments? That bagel was stacked! And it was kinda messy too (which is good and that's NOT a complaint!). And while I thought $1 extra for the capers was a bit pricey....they loaded my bagel up!Decor wise the place could use a slight facelift, but to be honest I was too busy chowing down to give a dang about decor. They are a bit pricey for my typical lunch and way over the top on calorie counts but if you gotta have lox and bagels, Harrie's Bagelmania has what you need. I will be back! (Bookmarked for months....boy am I glad I finally got over there to check it out. Oh and they take credit / debit cards...no ancient ATM in sight as mentioned by earlier reviewers, but I brought cash just in case.)(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #2)
4	Fun dive! Felt like we were in NYC. Would definitely return! The lady that runs the place is a little quirky... but, only interacted with her when we paid the bill.
4	Day one, I had an everything bagel with lox cream cheese. Delicious. Second day had the corned beef hash with a breakfast bagel. Day one was better than day two, but we are comparing greater and great.Don't let the exterior appearance fool you. This place has been making everything from scratch for 21 years. This will be a regular visit every time we come to Vegas.
2	If you go here, don't expect anything special.  It's very much an average Las Vegas eatery, which means it's below average if you're from the real world.  I guess if you've only had Vegas bagels, this could be a 3-star, but I'm being very generous.It's not authentic, and it does not have a great menu offering.  The food they do offer is very bland, and simply below average. Make sure you have some time to spare.  The wait can be very long, and the staff is almost purposefully slow.
5	I was told about this place from a man on a cruise ship last winter.  I FINALLY stopped in, even though it's just around the corner from work!  The bagel was great and the amount of Lox they put on is YUM!  I'm looking forward to going there again.
4	I came in and got two bagels on my lunch hour. They were nice and efficient and the bagels were nice and chewy. It is a good Jewish deli and I saw many "old school" Vegas types enjoying their breakfast. It is a true hole in the wall, so don't expect linen table clothes but the bagels and cream cheese were good and I saw lots of tempting things in the deli case which will make me come back. The area it is in is a bit sketch so just take note of that:)
4	Great little bagel shop with a diner feel.  The decor is old fashioned, some may even say run down, but I thought it was quaint and no-fuss.  I love that it is a local establishment that serves good quality food.  It wasn't crowded on a Friday morning, so my girlfriends and I immediately got a table and our orders taken.I ordered an everything bagel with lox cream cheese (cream cheese with smoked salmon in it).  YUM.  We were visiting Vegas so we also ordered a dozen bagels to-go with a pound of cream cheese for about $12.  Not bad considering it was supposed to be breakfast for the four of us for 3 mornings.  I think that's about as cheap as you're gonna get for eating in Vegas on vacation!
3	Not bad.  Bagels were amazing and the only reason to really go.   The soup was okay but not that great.   The matzah balls were a bit hard.   Definitely a good bagel place.
4	Great lunch place ...I had the cup of Matzo Ball soup it was delicious..very hot with lots of celery and carrots....my friend and I shared the corned beef sandwich which also was very good...prices are reasonable. If you come at 1 o clock you beat the lunch crowd.
4	Don't let the location fool you! Went with a good friend of mine who has been coming here for years. The Reuben omelette was calling my name and sure enough, best omelette I've had! Huge portions for the price. I will be back! Yum.
5	Their Bagels are the best in Las Vegas. REal water bagels. Food is also very good.
4	Loved this restaurant! The bagels were delicious; the meat knish was phenomenal; and, the service was very warm and attentive. I gave four stars instead of five because they do not have a credit card machine and I had to use their ATM machine in order to pay my bill. However, that did not take away from the quality of the food or service at Harrie's. Will definitely eat here again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
5	Matzo brie was off the hook.  The portions are huge.  It is very reasonable.  A great place for breakfast.
3	Seems pretty much like any bagel shop/deli that I've patronized in the northeast- family owned and operated and tons of regular customers of the senior-citizen class. I was about to drop $14 on the Nova platter when the waitress told me about a cheaper option that was exactly what I wanted. Bagels were huge and very tasty and I would come back for breakfast next time I'm nearby. Decor is outdated and so is this part of Vegas, but supporting a local business never goes out of style.
1	Extremely slow service.tuesday morning after ten.not even crowded.by the time I got my oatmeal, it was cold with old mushy bananas.my bagel was easily a day old and so stale and chewy I couldn't eat it, it hurt my jaw to chew.this place is awful, I'll never be back
4	Had a late breakfast here, and I've got to say I'm a fan now. The Reuben Omelet is absolutely amazing! The fact that it's not in one of the nicest places in town shouldn't deter you from giving this hidden gem a shoit.
4	If you want to feel llike you're sitting in a diner in somewhere in the Village eating bagels - this is the place! It's nothing fancy and you probably won't find any tourists in here (or gamblers for that matter). But the bagels are the best ones I had outside of New York City. And their Lox Cream Cheese spread is awesome! I would come back here just for that...!
5	BEST BAGELS IN VEGAS. This is the only bagel place I've found with fresh salted bagels. If you haven't tried them, you need to! The breakfast specials are amazing. Great eggs, a bagel with fresh cream cheese (nothing philly about it!), bacon, and home fries for a great value. I like to add a side of fruit too.Be sure to get there early Sunday mornings; the bagels fly out of the bins! Try the bagel sandwiches: salted bagel, fresh eggs, bacon, and cheddar--my boyfriend always wakes right up when I bring these home. Lox? Incredible. Cookies? Fantastic. Service? Unbeatable. I forgot my wallet once and offered to leave my phone as collateral while I drove home. The cashier was so sweet. She told me she couldn't let me drive without a phone for emergencies. Be sweet to these people. Trust me, we want them to stick around! Now they're able to accept credit cards, even though the bagels have always been worth carrying cash for.
4	Somebody erase my browser history because I have died and gone to heaven.This is a true New York Style deli. Generous portions of lox and cream cheese on fresh homemade bagels melt in your mouth. Grumpy old men with newspapers and the hint of old school Las Vegas make this place a must try. Close enough to the Strip for tourists but far enough away for a local crowd too. Prices are more than fair.
4	Had breakfast at Harrie's on a Saturday.  It was before 9 AM, and there was only one other table seated when I walked in.  After I ordered, people kept trickling in until the place was nearly half full.  It's in a not so great part of town, and it only takes cash, but these are not reasons to skip Harrie's.  They have a large menu with all of your east coast deli favorites, made on the premises.I had the Hoppel Poppel, which, and there is no other way to put this, is an enormous amount of food.  It's home fries with eggs, peppers, onions and salami into a glorious scramble that easily covers the whole plate and could probably cover another one.  It comes with your choice of bagel.  I got an everything bagel toasted, and it comes with a lot of cream cheese.  I didn't finish either my scramble or the cream cheese.  The Hoppel Poppel is good, but when you put some Cholula on it, it becomes great.  The potatoes I don't think were seasoned, but the peppers and salami add a lot.  Also, the salami is fantastic, not greasy at all.  I guess if I have a criticism of this dish, it's the lack of seasoning.  But, adding hot sauce really worked.I got the wife corned beef with eggs to go.  Her potatoes were not seasoned, but they were cooked well.  Not surprisingly, the order of eggs with corned beef was massive.  Yet another breakfast we couldn't finish.  Service was fantastic, the check was brought out quickly as was my to go order.  Friendly people and a comfortable atmosphere.  Can't wait to return to get a huge sandwich for lunch.
4	We were looking for a cheaper breakfast option on our vacation...  Bagelmania was the perfect spot.  Its a local place located in a strip mall a few blocks off the strip.  It was pretty busy with lots of local regulars.  The portions were generous and the food was great.  Try the homemade hash and a fresh baked bialy.  You won't regret it!
4	We went here for breakfast one day to try and get away from the super pricey meals on the strip. Plus the hubby really wanted a bagel!The waiter was so nice and friendly, and the place was full when we got there, so that is always a good sign. I had the brisket sandwich, it was ok, definitely lacked salt. It came ice cold, and I wondered if that was the Las Vegas way of eating it. The waiter assured me that it was not. My husband ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. The eggs were not cooked through and had some raw, runny spots. The waiter was apologetic and returned it to the "chef". He completely copped an attitude, and actually started complaining about us to the waiter and someone else behind the counter! Dude, we are sitting right here, and can hear you!Anyway the hash was different than we are used to, but it was still good. Everything lacked salt, but I guess I'd rather have to add, than deal with too much. I would give it another try.
4	The bagel was good. Lots of bagel options to choose from. It's hard to find a place open at 7am in Vegas. Wished staff was more friendly.
4	Amazing food.  Im from the east coast living in Arizona.  Went to vegas and found this gem!  They are from Chicago so you know their deli food is good!
4	This place is awesome, it's not a tourist spot for sure. Mainly locals come here. I come here with a big group of people every morning for a week during SEMA, this place is great fro breakfast. We always call ahead to reserve a table and they always make rood for us and the service is quick and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast special.
4	In the most bizarre strip mall along crack alley is where you will find Harrie. I get to drive through here everyday on my way to work, so I've become familiar with Harrie over the years. I boycotted for about 7 years but recently started coming back because I was sick of Einstein's. I love an everything bagel, and what I love even more is when "everything" is on both sides of my bagel. I found that here. Problem is, their bagels are really hard. Really, really hard. My usual spread is onion & chive. I find their spreads here are really thin, if you were to hold the bagel to on the side, it would slide off. I tried the Lox spread and it was so incredibly salty, I ended up throwing it away. What I do love is the cookie case. I've tried them all, and they are all pretty damn good. Also I think their prices are a little steep, $3.78 for a bagel & cream cheese (did I really just complain about prices for a Jewish deli)? Yes, I did.
5	This place filled the desire for an authentic Jewish/New York deli. Meyer Lansky would have been proud . The lox was fresh and amazing and the chive cream cheese was for me new and delicious . The bagels fresh and flavorful . The potato pancakes were cooked just right and the Ruben exquisite .
5	I've been coming to Harrie's for over 20 years and we haven't been in a few years since it had seemed to go down hill.  We were in the area and went for breakfast a few weeks ago and it was great, just like the old days!  Def try breakfast here and the bagels are the best in town!  Go for the bagels and lox, not the service!
1	It's in a real crappy part of town. Prostitutes and Drug dealers galore, only thing that breaks the scenery is stepping over the homeless! So, the location may not be something that Harrie's can control, but their service IS. My husband, visited the store earlier this morning to get our family breakfast. I am newly pregnant and was craving a lox and cream cheese bagel with the traditional tomato and lettuce. He arrives home with a lox cream cheese SPREAD (not even a slice of lox... they say they are like a real NY Bagel Place, having been to NY several times, and having loved ones their, I KNOW that the spread is the kiss of failure in a bagel) then they put lettuce and a hunkin huge slice of red onion.. WHO DOES THAT? Like that is how anyone would order an effin bagel.. SO, when he got home, of course I was upset that my sandwich was incorrectly made. Asked my husband for the receipt, he said that they didn't give him a receipt.. no surprise. I took the sandwich in. I was met at the counter by an extremely overweight lady ( who couldn't even stand, she had to lean on the counter the whole time or sit) who asked if she could held, I said, "My husband was just here and ordered this and other stuff, and my sandwich is wrong. It had this huge slice of onion on it and I wanted it with tomato." I opened the sandwich from it's foil wrapper to show her. She push the bagel back to me and said "Well, that's how he ordered it." I refuted telling her that he knows how I like my bagel and he would have NEVER asked for the fresh onion. She and I went back and forth for a second, she grabbed my bagel sandwich, while it was opened with her dirty hand and slammed it down on the cooks line and said "scrape the onion off and put tomato on it." I said "No, I want a new sandwich all together (because she put her dirty hands all over the bare food) or I wanted a refund" She grabbed the sandwich threw it in the trash an then she yelled  "Get the hell out of my store!" I told her that I wouldn't leave without a refund or a new sandwich.  You have to understand that in Vegas people in this neighborhood must always be on the run, so she thought by next saying to me "Leave or I will call Metro would scare me and  I would run out the door leaving her as a victor (with no refund and my sandwich)... but I responded with "Call Metro, as far as I see it you are stealing my sandwich and money! I Don't have merchandise that I asked for and you aren't giving me the sandwich out of the trash... so either refund me or give me a new sandwich, If you refuse I will stop payment on the card that I used." "I will call and have you arrested!" She said. I responded with "Oh I will pay you what I owe you, but I will not be charged for something that you won't fix or refund me on. I don't allow ANYONE to BULLY ME! That ended on the playground.. and as a adult, it is NOT OK to be bullied out of your rights! "She grabbed her calculator and started to try to figure out what she would have to refund and it seemed as if it was either (or both) that it hurt her to figure it out because it was too hard, or she realized that she would be losing cash in hand and all she had to do was fix my order (I mean how many bagels gets thrown away in a day anyway just fix the sandwich) She finally understood that I wasn't leaving and that she either had to make my food over or refund me the money.  She kept telling me to go sit down and she would deal with me later and wanted to help the regular (Jewish) customers. I stepped back, then she says to her customer loud enough for the regulars sitting there and eating  "Yeah, she is mashuga!" Having been deeply offended that she would pull that sort of card on me, not a cool thing to do as a business to start slinging religious terms to cut down on another person in a way to show that I am an outsider, not being part of their religion. I knew in a second what she was pulling and I wasn't going to allow this. I dated a Jewish man from Brooklyn. I understood what she was pulling! I tell her, "What you don't think I know Jewish? I know what you just called me!"  Finally, after a bunch more words that represent nothing more than poor customer service and bullying by her, she succumbed to my request and fixed my sandwich. The food, when I finally ate it wasn't that good. The onion on the bagel was so burnt that I couldn't taste the flavor of the bagel itself and the lox spread was kinda gross.... the produce was fresh at least... I just think that it wouldn't matter if the food was absolutely wonderful, I wouldn't patron a place that is all smiles to you until there is an issue and rather than helping you they spit in your face and tell you to get out or they will call the police. I wasn't loud, beligerant or rude. I got there towards the end though. I asked nicely and got the door anyway.  You decide for yourself, but, I say. "Spend your $$ at a place that respect you!"
5	Love love love this place! I came for the first time last month, and I've been here 4 times since! I l've only had a bagel sandwich but it's wonderful! Thinking about heading over to day, and try some of their other items.
4	This Jewish deli is in a strip mall a few blocks drive from the Strip.  They have tasty breakfasts at a far more reasonable price than the Strip.  The bagels are great.  I wasn't a fan of their smoked whitefish salad, but it was definitely smoked and came in a huge portion.
5	The service was impeccable. The food came out so quickly and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  I've been to 5 star restaurants where the service wasn't as good.  Definitely coming back for breakfast.  The food and bagels are top notch too!
4	Although locals may understandably grouse about paying close to $15 for a nova bagel, we Angelenos have been paying such tribute at the Langer's Deli altar for decades.http://www.yelp.com/biz/langers-los-angeles-2#query:langers%20deliThe comparison is apt, because Langer's is also in a part of town not hitherto known for its culinary excellence.  Also apt, because both places have the same sort of quaint Aunt Enid-like "sit down and eat, Bubbeleh, you look skin and bones" type of feel.But where Langer's has lines down the block and has been designated a cultural heritage site, this place is still somewhat fledgling, although I did see a Bentley and a Maybach during my 20 minute stay on a weekday morning, so surely they aren't far from stardom.The bagels here are legit, yo, and the nova salmon sublime.  So too, the Russian Tea cake cookies, which are melt-in-the mouth delicious.
4	ok so this is a pretty sketchy part of town,but it doesn't bother me or worry me. In the course of doing business in los angeles I was always in industrial or areas where business's had their warehouses in run down areas. I was pleasantly surprised with this eatery. Its a bit of a drive for me but runs about 1/2 the cost of bagel cafe. I had their 7.99 breakfast special. Onions and eggs sausage patty's (2) potatoes and a bagel. This is good old fashioned large portions and good food. quite a spread from the ripoff that is the strip,and basically a stones throw from there. Its near the convention center so for all you visitors its an awesome fillup on your way to long full day of work. For value they get two thumbs up! the service was also right on point. I will say it would be nice if they improved their coffee, a bit weak for my starbucks palate. otherwise a solid good value.
3	Food:  Bagels are noticeably different than Bagel Cafe; I like these one!  My pastrami omelette was comparable to Bagel cafe, slightly bigger. My wife's Matzo Ball soup was flavorless; she actually had to sprinkle salt on it......I've never seen her sprinkle salt on food before.  Something I would recommend:  Tap water was the worst tasting in the Valley; hands down.....clean your water lines, I think I tasted 1972.Service:  Was good today; we were one of only a few people there so they weren't busy.
1	Terrible service. They offered me fruit as a side then came back and said they had no fruit, they offered me cottage cheese, then came back and said no cottage cheese. I got so frustrated by their lack of knowledge I said I was just gonna go somewhere else so then they said well we already charged your card. They gave me a hand-written receipt for my charges instead on a printed one and said my credit would get to me "when the owner gets around to processing her charges" no definitive time or date given. So now I have no meal and I have no idea when I'm getting my refund if at all. This place is run terribly AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
4	I just left Harrie's and I inhaled a delicious lox and cream cheese on a bagel. I'm from NY and I am very particular about the heavenly rings of yeasty goodness. To my relief, these bagels were delicious! Everyone was nice and I was very happy with the super friendly customer service. So, to that yelper -Hollie C. below, you are an insane racist and your review is disgusting.
5	Always nostalgic about NY when I grab breakfast here. Service is great, food excellent, prices are right.
5	Still great breakfast and good value in a sketchy shopping strip.  A very filling breakfast for 2 with leftovers (matzo brei and whitefish salad on a rye bagel) came to about $30 all-in.
4	Harrie's Bagelmania is a great little breakfast place, in an area of town you would want to generally stay away from, except Harrie's is in a shopping plaza.  It's a Jewish inspired menu, and the bagels are easily the best I have had in Vegas.  Also, on Tuesdays, they sell a dozen bagels for dirt cheap...I think maybe $5?This morning I had the breakfast special of 3 huge eggs, fried perfectly, a slab of ham, a mound of hash browns, and a sesame bagel.  We also got a potato pancake - I'm not a connoisseur of potato pancakes, but Harrie's are awesome.Service is pretty good, but they always make sure your coffee or iced tea are filled.  Plan ahead, because Harrie's is cash only.
5	Another bit of NY in the desert. Easily best bagels and lox in Vegas. Go for the "Burton 1-2-3-1" very good. Orange juice is fresh squeezed and coffee is good.
5	This is a great place to just grab a quick bite ! Great service, been here couple times and never a let down. Location is the only sketchy part but it is still worth it !!! Love their chicken soup , matzo ball soup , bagel and their breakfast sandwiches. The black and white cookie is great also!
5	Once a month, I treat myself with 2 bagelmania garlic bagels and a half pound of cornbeef. I can't think of a better meal. Keep note: if you eat here once, you will get uncontrollable craving for their food. Nothing will satisfy but the real thing.I've been told the staff is grumpy, but they've always been very nice to me.
4	Really enjoy coming here for breakfast! The food is excellent. Delicious bagels, and excellent matzah ball soup. My husband enjoys the brisket sandwich.
5	I'm in Vegas every few months and this is a spot I frequent.  They're super friendly and the food is great.  It's seems to be more of a local joint, and it has that mom and pop shop feel. I get the hopplepopple every time without question. It comes with a bagel and I've never left hungry. I heart this place.
5	Great service, fresh bagels, great prices. Come here and take a refreshing break from the strip. Next to the 7/11.
1	This place was fantastic, I would have given it 5 stars except for without any notice about a year ago (it has been a while since i last went as i dont frequent vegas much) they changed their cabbage soup recipe. It used to be the BEST cabbage soup i have ever had in my life. It was the reason I went here. It was thick delicious tomato goodness with the best cabbage ever. Now it is the most bland disgusting watered down garbage ever. I have not been here since and do not plan on going back. I actually asked the chef who makes the soup and he said they made him change the recipe for whatever reason and he agreed he liked it better before too. I asked one of the hostess too and they said it was because a customer complained it was too thick or something.
3	Good bagels, decent service, good portions. Corned beef hash was a major disappointment. Flavorless and mushy. How is it possible to make corned beef flavorless? Even salt and Tabasco didn't help. If it's homemade, they need to start from scratch. If it's from a can, they need a new supplier. I never send food back unless it's undercooked, but if we hadn't been on the move, I would have returned this for something else.
5	I'm from the east coast and am a bagel SNOB! This place is wayyy out of my way but is definitely hands down the best bagel in Vegas! I got the garlic bagel w/ scallion cream cheese... Mmmm :) I will definitely be back!
4	If you are looking for a wide variety of halva this is the place.  They had a whole wheel of marble as well as 6 different kinds of Joyva.  Great lox, cookies, cream cheeses and of course, bagels.  Get a dozen on Tuesdays for $5.99.  A great place to recall a by-gone era.
5	Only place for a long platter and the best corn beef on rye.. . This is an every Friday morning treat for us.  Great service great deli counter cooks. . What more to say,  oh,  yes,  the bagels. Tuesdays bagel special 5.50 dozen
5	I love it, my first time here was great, my family and I are from California,  we came down to visit family and they told us about this place. Well we alll love it, my kids had pancakes and cereal, I had a wonderful Turkey bagel, my husband had a delicious bagel to. I recommend this place (:
5	So very few choices for a real bagel in Las Vegas. I'm not even referring to a real "NY" bagel which is subject to interpretation. A bagel is a specific bakery item that needs to be baked according to that recipe. This place and maybe one other does just that. It also happens to be a great NY style bagel so I like it that much more!! Everything always fresh and made to order.
1	Way overpriced. Ironically, in a bad neighborhood. The price range is incorrect, it's NOT "Under $10". Under $10 you can get some tiny side but that's it.
5	This place is like a real, authentic Jewish deli...according to my husband who is a Jewish boy from New York. Best bagels in Vegas. Dine in food is also excellent. We are Californians who come to Vegas 6 times a year and stop here for bagels every time.
5	Can we just start off by saying how FRIENDLY the staff is? I ordered the eggs Benedict. Hollandaise made to order?? It was perfect. Eggs were poached perfectly. The ham was a little thick for my taste, but not worth taking "points" off for everything else. The Hubbster got the Rueben omelet. Delightful in all ways. The Bagel. OMG. Friggin perfect. When toasted it was crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside. Bagelmania is now my go to for bagels and lox. FANTASTICKA!!
4	Great bagels, great eats, fun environment!  Will return if I'm ever in Vegas again
4	Great bagels, best I've ever had!  This is not your chain store bagel shop, and it doesn't disappoint. If you're in Vegas and you don't want to spend a fortune on breakfast at the Bellagio, take a drive off strip and grab a bagel. Buy a loaf if authentic Jewish rye to take home too, its awesome!
5	Delicious bagels. Super friendly and fast service. The area is a little strange but I live nearby so I knew what to expect.
3	I wanted to love Harrie's Bagelmania. I didn't! There is a scarcity of New York style bagel shops in Las Vegas. The only three that I know of are Bagel Cafe (Summerlin), NY Bagels (downtown), and Harrie's Bagelmania.  Harrie's Bagelmania is in an economically challenged neighborhood. I was surprised to see the exorbitant prices that are disproportionate to the average income of the area and the highest prices that I have seen a bagel restaurant charge. Nearly $15 for a bagel with lox Sandwich!? Your kidding Me! Nearly $9 for a bagel with egg salad! This is before paying for a beverage.   I opted for the bagelwich with a fried egg and ham. This is one of the reasonable priced items on their menu. Interestingly the only style of egg listed was fried. What about scrambled?  I wasn't too crazy about the bagelwich. When I taste a bagel, my expectation is that it is hot and soft. This bagelwich fell short of my expectation. The ham was okay. As far as the coffee it was also okay.   I was satisfied with the service. The waitress was on top of my coffee refills at the same that she was pleasant. When I paid the cashier joked over the  change being an unlucky number. I easily rectified that when I left the waitress a tip for good service.   I don't love Harrie's Bagelmania. To be honest I left disappointed with the exorbitant pricing and bagelwich that fell short of my expectations yet satisfied with the service. My Harrie's Bagelmania check-ins stop here.
