4	Uncle Sams at 83rd Ave and Union Hills is an interesting restaurant.    The service is variable because of the nature of the employee's..meaning sometimes they are on task and really doing a good job and other times they are a bit distracted by friends, boyfriends, management, games on the TV, etc.  But enough about the service, because you do not go to Uncle Sams for the ambiance...you go for the Philly Cheesesteaks!  Order a regular not a large.  The large is too damn large unless you are a party of 5.  Order extra cheese since sometimes they can be a little too dry.  The extra cheese is a good touch to get a really tasty cheesesteak.  Quite simply, I would compare this cheesesteak to any in the country and this one comes out on top.
4	Things go well for me at lunch at Uncle Sam's.  I can always find a good seat, enjoy a pint of Fat Tire with a freshly made personal sized pizza, and the wait is never long.  The waitstaff is rather young so sometimes the service isn't as good as other visits, but the quality & freshness of food, good personal pizza at lunch, and nicely priced happy hour will keep me coming back.
2	Recession "bailout" specials appear on the coupon fliers in the mail, but when you get there it doesn't look like such a deal.  The food is basically half of the portion of the normal size, with about half the price.  So you might feel good about a "bailout" special, such as mozzarella cheese sticks, but then when 4 little sticks arive with a disproportionately large side of marinara.... ah the lack of a deal is rather striking.  Think about this in other contexts, such as being seduced by a $5 burger special, which is really just a half-serving of a $10 burger.  See the letdown?Beer bargains are the only real bargain there now, and that's during happy hour only.Pizza can vary depending on who is making it.  Sometimes there seems to be less sauce than others, and it is somewhat bland.  I don't know why but to me the personal size is usually a better pizza than the larger ones.
2	Go at happy hour and enjoy some beer.  Skip the food unless you're really starved.  Go next door to Arby's for dinner.
3	This place is ok. We grabbed lunch here last week... I got a meatball sub and my boyfriend Mike got the cheesesteak. The meatballs were flavorless. Mike said "Its like eating bread on more bread", so if bread is your thing there ya go. The cheesesteak was bland as well. If I order a cheesesteak I typically expect there to be cheese on it - not the case at Uncle Sams. If I were judging off this visit alone I would give 2 stars but I am not. I have been here in the past for pizza and wings. The wings were slightly above average and the pizza wasn't too bad so I am giving 3 stars. In the end I would say Uncle Sams is a good choice for happy hour specials but you can do better elsewhere.
2	I agree with Albert about the Recession 'bailout" menu not really being a bargain.  I had the Uncle Sam's Italian Special.  The sandwich was a 1/4 club for $4.  They stuffed it with a lot of toppings, and it was hard to close the sandwich.  It was also dripping with some kind of oil/dressing, so it gets all over your hands.  The service is not good.  I've been here twice, and both times my drink was never refilled.  That's a huge pet peeve, as I am a camel and need to stay hydrated.
3	The food is decent and the price isn't too bad. I go there often as the mushroom cheese steak tastes good and you get a lot of food for your money. The decor is cheesy, but not unexpected for a place dubbed uncle sams. Staff is nice and have taken care of us when there has been problems.
4	I like this place. It's a little slice of Americana. The decor is cheesy sports bar (what did you expect?). The Philly steaks are very good. The chicken Philly is also good. I think the pizza is slightly above average. One thing you can say about this place is that you do not have to ask for extra dressing or condiments like at other bar food places (IE blue cheese for the wings, marinara for the mozz sticks) they give you plenty. The ice cold $3 pitcher of beer...c'mon, who can shake their head at that? Contrary to other folks who rated the service as spotty, I have had nothing but great service unless its slammed and then I know to come in with a little more patience (as you would anywhere). I like this place and visit at least once a month.
4	Good food and lots of options...You got pizza, you got cheesesteaks, you got almost every kind of sub, you got salads and you got almost every bar food including wings.  I wouldn't say anything is the greatest but it is all pretty darn good and big portions...never order more than a half sandwich unless you plan on sharing!  Service is knocking on OK and I'm not a fan of the layout with the bar right where you walk in but the carryout service window is pretty clever.  Almost reminds me of a big city late night pickup window for the inebriated but it is not in the right part of the city to get fully utilized like that.
4	I absolutely love & miss this place!  I always order the Philly steak subs and sometimes order the wings. I brought my parents here one day and they loved it. The sandwiches are huge and are pretty pricey but I'd definitely pay 15 dollars for a full size sub here.
4	Great food!
2	I like Uncle Sam's, my kids like uncle Sam's. The wings are awesome and the sandwiches kick some serious ass. But, that's right there is a but...they need to decide whether they want to be a family type place or a sportsbar catering to drunken idiots. I know to expect that the bubble-headed hostesses will be clueless, and the service will most likely be average to below-average. I know these things, and I accept them in order to get my fix of the awesomeness known as honey-hot chicken wings. I just deal with it. So, Saturday night. The kids, my GF and myself headed over to U Sam's for some grub. Proabably about 6:30 or so. The hostess sat us right next to the front door, and right next to a booth occupied by 6 drunken assholes. Constantly getting up and down, jumping around, yelling, and loudly cursing. I sat there and took it, the GF and kids just gave me the look that said "please don't go over and have a talk with those jerks". Just let it go. And I did. Until finally, my GF had had enough and went searching for the manager. I'll just leave the story right there. Suffice to say that the manager was an incompetant boob of a woman who might be better off managing a Uhaul dealership. So, Uncle Sam. Please figure out what it is you want to be, train your staff and maybe I'll go back. But for now, it's going to be call-ahead to go orders.
2	I went to Uncle Sams on 83rd Street yesterday because one of my friends in my bicycle club recommended it and actually, I had been wanting to check it out for a while anyway so when my daughter was in town from California, we stopped in for lunch.  It's hard to figure out what this place is trying to be - a sports bar?, a family restaurant? a deli?  A pizza joint? I just figure that one out.  We were there at about straight up noon so you would think it would be pretty busy but there were only about 12  tables out of about 50 occupied, about half just adults, about half with kids (one kid was pitching a fit so that was a bit distracting).I had a cheese steak sandwich and my daughter had a ham & turkey sandwich, both with fries.  I would give the food a 5 / 10 score.  (OK but nothing special).  You do get plenty to eat so you will not leave hungry but you will leave feeling a little bit dissatisfied about the quality of the food.  I'm not sure what the sandwiches needed but I felt my steak and cheese was a little bland.  The fries were pretty excellent.Service was a 2 out of 10.  Slow, no follow up to check on the food or drinks - she only came to the table to take our order, deliver the food and then to deliver our check - that's it.  Will I go back?  Doubt it.  Would I recommend Uncle Sams to my friends?  No.  There are just too many other places in town that offer better food, better service and there are places that seem to really want you to come back - this place didn't seem to offer anything stellar at all.
5	Love Uncle Sam's. Service is always fast and friendly and I have been going to this location since it opened. The Cheese Steak sandwiches w/ hot and sweet peppers are the best I have found in the Valley. Just awesome.
4	Best cheestake in AZ and I'm from Philly. Italian hoagie is above average too, for AZ at least. Great happy hour for beer can't beat it. Very simple menu. Pizza is ok too. Only problem is they play music most of the time when good sporting events are on. Not really a sports bar.
2	I have been to this place twice and I doubt I will ever return. Beer prices are outstanding, but their calzones are horrible.  The sauce tasted like pico de gallo, by far the worse calzones I have ever had. The wife had the Stromboli and she said that her's was just as bad. I would recommend this place just for the cheap beer but stay away from those 2 items.
4	When I need a deal on a beer and a snack, this is the best place hands down!
4	Top three wings in Phoenix. The wings are big and you'll have the option of getting them cooked extra. Do it! The wings keep crispy even after being sauced. The 'Honey Hot' sauce is killer. Sweet with a great after burn.The pizza is also good. 'UNCLE SAM'S ORIGINAL' white pizza (Fresh tomato & real bacon) is very tasty. We had spinach and fresh garlic added. The pizza had a tasty, crisp crust and lots of toppings without being greasy. The steak sandwiches are also very good. I usually get the chicken version with the 'Honey Hot' sauce added for extra kick.Beer is priced well and happy hour makes the price even better. Do not go to watch a game if you like a big screen. There are lots of TVs, but they are small and near the ceiling!! A good place for food and drinks and friendly servers.
5	they need more chains! my gosh I come from L.A. for everytime I step into Arizona my plans have to include Uncles Sams! everything I have had on the menu has been amazing. Their chicken wings are unbeatable! nothing can or will compare to it! hoagies are great as well preferablly the phillycheese steak good stuff!
5	Celebrated birthday dinner with my family which included several children and the food was great our waitress was wonderful and even the other customers didn't mind the "ring around the Rosie" going on in the corner. Thank you uncle sam's for the perfect evening!
3	Uncle Sam's is a sports bar on the divey side that is perfectly mediocre.Their menu is more of an east coast style menu with items such as pizza, cheese steaks, grinders, Stromboli's, and calzones. The Philly Cheese steak is average, the pizza is decent, and the calzones are at best average.If you're looking for a place to chill and have some beers, it's a good place, as they have pretty good beer prices. They have beer and wine only and the beer options aren't really all that plentiful.Average food, average menu, and an average beer list, gives Uncle Sam's an average rating of three stars.
5	Came down from Flagstaff after Grandaughter's commencement and tried to find a place that could accommodate a large party(about 20) Uncle sams had no problem. We walked in and were seated almost immediately and the two servers assigned to us were attentive and patient. Pizza and wings were excellent and, out of all the people there, there were no complaints. Prices were fair. Definetely recommend for your next get-together.
4	I love this place. They have some of the best cheese steak sandwiches in the Valley. In fact, I think they are the best in the Valley. I know that might not be saying much, since there isn't a lot of quality cheese steak in Phoenix, but they are really good.Other than super cheese steak, the beer is good (mostly domestic, but some good stuff too). Their bailout program provides smaller portions for smaller prices, which is creative and nice if you don't want an entire half sandwich. It's great for takeout, but the interior is straight basic sports bar. I'm not  a sports fan, so I could care less about how many TVs they have or what's on, all I'm there for is a cheese steak and a beer.So far, I think the one on Union Hills and 83rd Ave has WAY better service than the one on Shea/101. That one nearly turned me off of the restaurant with awful service! We mostly get takeout, but the one time we ate in, the service was attentive and excellent.It's not grande cuisine. It's a sports bar with beer, pizza and sandwiches. If that's what you're looking for, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
3	This place is great for people coming from out of town. The whole restaurant is a gimic with pro USA artifacts and funny posters. It has a true sports bar feel. This place also serves Yoohoo! the chocolate drink on its menu too. The pizza is so so at best. If you get larger then an individual pizza or put too many toppings on it, the thing wont come out right. The "bail out menu" has some good deals that will save you some money. Its a friendly place for kids. I really like the garlic bread baskets of all things because they come with good marinara dipping sauce. .
4	Although folks that have been coming here since there was only the one on 32nd and Shea say it has gone downhill, I still really like Uncle Sam's.  Indeed it has but we are talking from "outstanding" to still "really darn good".  If you want the old Uncle Sam's order your cheese steak with extra meat and cheese.  It costs a few bucks extra but the value is still there.  Their dollar drafts at happy hour and "bail out" plan are some of the greatest values around.They still have the best cheese steak in town when ordered as described above.Service is always great along with the wings.  Can't speak on anything else because that is about all I've ever ordered for the last 25 years of patronage.
3	The food was pretty good, but the menu is not very extensive.  I predict cheese in your future in one form or another. If a cheese steak or hoagie/grinder or pizza sounds good, try it out.  Someone told me there were decorations all over the walls.  I cannot confirm. But I do know that the waitresses wear cheer-leader style skirts.[shrug]  Sorry. That part was 4 1/2 stars, though, just to keep this review thorough and comprehensive.
4	Been going here for years and never had an issue.  Just had dinner there last night and the service was great from start to finish.  The food came out hot and ready for us.  The Cheese Steak is always a hit as is the Chicken Cheese.  Had the Pizza before and the sauce is of a different spice than most.  It is really good, and not your ordinary tomato sauce.Keep up the great job!
2	The husband and I went there last night around 8 for a date. The food was average and the pizza was the size of my hand for 5$. Not to mention we waited about 15 minutes for our check to be delivered. It's not really a family environment, especially since the waitresses were acting like bimbos towards the drunk guys at the bar. Never again for a date. Try some place less expensive with a quieter environment. I even watched  a guy walk out with his kids because there was so much swearing!
1	Went last nite and it was awful. We go once or twice a month, and it's really going downhill both food and service-wise. Last nite service was terrible (see other reviews about the bimbos paying more attention to the drunk guys from the VW dealer who are always there) and food came out lukewarm at best. "Waitress" never checked on us so I had to go get us napkins and utensils, never got condiments we asked for, never got the water we asked for, etc. All in all, a crappy experience. Won't be back anytime soon.
3	Well, honestly, I felt this place was just OK. I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was super dry and not really flavorful. I usually give high reviews but not this time. Sorry guys!
4	I am a hot wing fan and this place has some pretty awesome ones. They're always meaty and crispy. Sometimes they need more sauce, as I like them saucey, but the waitress will easily comply with that request. Their individual pizzas are very good, they have lots of topping choices and they have good crust. Reasonably priced and great for a loud night out with friends.
5	AMAZING Service (ask for Ashlyn, she was Awesome)!!!  Very family orientated with a great atmosphere, great food and great prices.
4	This is one of our great neighborhood hang outs.  What I love:  their wings! the zucchini sticks!!  the pizza (lots of variety).  They will accommodate lo-carb, but definitely not the place to eat if you're counting calories.  My kiddo loves the turkey hoagie, chicken caesar salad, and of course the cheese pizza.  The happy hour drink specials are awesome - HH until 7pm and then starts again at 9.  The place is huge and can fit a lot of customers, which is nice because you rarely have to wait to be seated even when they are full.  Overall the service is great - they have a lot of servers and they are always super nice.
3	This place was totally not what I expected at all, although its hard to say what exactly I was expecting.For anybody who is expecting a fast food quick service type of place this is actually a sit down restaurant that serves typical fast food items, but you have to wait for food like you would at any sit down restaurant. I was surprised because I didn't realize that there would be waiters. The service was pretty good and the waitress was very friendly. I wasn't impressed with the prices though. Its fairly overpriced for what they serve.The food was not as good as I had hoped, but decent and unique. I had an Italian grinder, which was certainly not like any I have had before. The fries on the other hand were quite basic and not that good. The restaurant also looks completely bizarre. Its a really weird place that you just have to see for yourself.All in all it made for an interesting and unique dining experience even though I wasn't in love with the food.
2	Hasn't been the best service even during slow periods.  Has a large selection of choices to eat.  Food taste ranges from below average to just above average.  Wings are in the below average category.  Prices are on the high side for what you are eating.  Unless you are sitting at the bar the TVs for watching sports are 30 feet in the air.  Bring a neck brace.
5	Great Pizza, the best wings, awesome sandwiches, especially the Pastrami Grinder, and the best thing about this place is the bailout happy hour menu. You can't beat those prices anywhere. The staff can be a little friendlier though!
3	Well... this place is a trip!  You're greeted by Ronald Reagan and EVERY single piece of patriotic Americana you could imagine the moment you open the door.  Eventually you will be greeted by a typical teenage girl in a short skirt and tight t-shirt...  If you choose to sit in the restaurant, the service is intermittent, and you probably shouldn't expect things like refills as the teenage waitresses obviously have more pressing things to do than give you food or drinks...Be careful when ordering your food by phone- there are items on the menu that don't make sense, and the cashier/phone girl will undoubtedly ask you a question about whether you want a grinder hoagie style- thus turning your grinder into a hoagie.  How are we supposed to know that this will happen??? When you pick it up, undoubtedly that same girl will tell you that it's your fault and that you need to take what you ordered.  That girl's manager (or elder or whatever) will then go re-make the correct sandwich... All of the hoagie style sandwiches taste about the same (meat, cheese, veg, salad dressing) but they're all awesome!  The grinders are different though, and great!  A friend made them make a corned beef and cabbage calzone for him- he said it was good...
4	We have always been fans of Uncle Sams.  It appears they shut down the location at Shea/101.  The original Uncle Sams remains at the 51/Shea and this one in Peoria.  We hadn't been there in a while so we stopped by and things just seemed off.  The salad we normally order appeared smaller (antipasto) with less meat and no cheese.  I order the meatball grinder that had 4 meatballs and one slice of cheese. It just looked sparse. Was it me? Was it a bad night?  Is it a sign of this crappy economy?  We will never know, but overall  the food is good, the waitresses are fairly hot (ours had a nice rack pouring out of her shirt) and the kids liked it.Like I have said it previous posts, in that area you can get much better pizza, subs, salads a block away at NYPD pizza, but Uncle Sams still isn't bad.  I just hate being served a drink in a big plastic tumbler, as if I am in college.
1	I recently was there and purchased a six foot sub for my son's 16th birthday. And needless to say the bread was as hard as a rock and we couldn't even it it. The bread could have been used as a weapon. And when calling back to reference the problem the manager would only give us 10 off our next order. And the sub was 60 dollars what the heck is that. They have should given us at least half. That is ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!
1	OK! one thing is walking in and having pictures of Ronald Reagan staring at you, but then reading their menu with an Anti-Obama message is another. Everyone has a right to express their political beliefs, but I believe that businesses should really keep that to themselves. You would think that having a young staff would be a friendly staff, but not in this case. The women at the bar only seem to want to talk to their friends that show up, and just ignore everyone else. We had to hunt down our waitress to get more drinks, and she also screwed up our order.
1	Someone, from Philadelphia mind you, told me the cheesesteak at Uncle Sam's is better than anything he had ever had in Philly.  It wasn't.  It was incredibly mediocre, dry, and flavorless.The honey wings were pretty good, but aside from that this place sucks.  Oh hey look, another generic sports bar type place in a strip mall in Arizona.Pass.
3	Overall a good place for a neighborhood bar/restaurant.  Have pretty good Hot Honey BBQ Wings and calzones.  Don't come here if you are planning on drinking quite a bit.  Management will cut you off after 4 beers/2 half pitchers/1pitcher per person drinking.  Our waitress Lacey was amazing, but the manager cut us off after 2 pitchers (2 people drinking) even though there was a DD at the table and we were here for nearly 4 hours.  We weren't rowdy, nor was there anyone else to disturb.  When confronted about it, the manager said it was due to the owner, either way I feel this is bad policy; but he did give us a half pitcher more (and charged us for it) after we complained to him.  They also have fairly small TVs and they are up near the ceiling... Makes for watching sports not very enjoyable!
1	Over priced, flavorless food. The wait staff are slow. I'm def not coming back.
5	Open your mouth and say hello to my brand new favorite pizza.I've been going to Uncle Sam's at least once a week lately. Sometimes I get the wings. Sometimes I get a cheese steak. Sometimes I get pizza. Thanks to the bailout menu, sometimes I just go ahead and get all three.Five stars for the friendly staff and the Ms. Pac-Man machine in the lobby.
2	I was always pleased with my cheese steak here, until this past visit.  I bit down on my sandwich and drove a piece of sliced up bone into my gums.  I searched the sandwich and found four large pieces of sliced up bone.  No way I can go back here.  Good if you don't get one with a bone, but now it is always going to be in my mind.
1	Wasn't a fan. The wings had no flavor and the fries we received looked and tasted like they were made 4 hours ago. Waitress was great. Watching games here isn't the best since the TV's are like 47 feet in the air.
4	NEW HAPPY HOUR SPOT! Came in for dinner last night greeted and sat very quickly. Discovered the "Bail Out" menu.. Large pitchers of draft beer for $5... SOLD! Ordered a pizza and enjoyed both! Best part is the happy hour runs until 7pm! Being that I work in Scottsdale and live in Arrowhead it's great to find a place I can actually make it to happier hour close to home!
1	Horrible experience at this local restaurant. My party of 3 people on a Friday night at 9pm had to wait over a half an hour for a GREASY, BURNT cheese pizza. I had to use several napkins to absorb the grease & couldn't even consider eating the CHARRED, BLACKENED crust. We were only given 2 forks, one of which was so bent, it looked like it had been used for origami. Reason for the shortage of forks? They had a big rush before we came in and ran out, so had no additional clean to offer. Waitress returned half way through our meal, telling us that they STILL had no clean forks. Finished our meal - forkless. Bathrooms - both male & female were SERIOUSLY BELOW standards. Toilet paper all over the floor, NO WAX PROTECTOR SEAT COVERS OFFERED & paper towels in the sink. An abundance of staff was on duty at the time, even though they were NOT busy at all with patrons, clearly they weren't put on dish washing or bathroom duty, either. GROSS! Cost-$28.00
4	I love Uncle Sams! Their bailout menu is fabulous (a HUGE tray of fried zucchini or fried mushrooms for 3 bucks) and $5 pitchers during happy hour! I knocked a star off because one time they were super busy and didn't approach our table for 15 minutes.
3	We always go to Uncle Sam's for cheesesteaks.  Last night we went there with a few friends.  The cheesesteaks were good but the service was horrible.  Maybe it was our server's first day in a restaurant.  She took our appetizer order (wings) and walked away without asking us about ordering the main entrees.  When the wings appeared, we had to ask for plates, silverware, and napkins...and more napkins since wings are pretty messy.  After that, we had to suggest to her that she take our order.  When the main entrees arrived, we had to again suggest to her that the used plates, wing basket, and used napkins be cleared from the table so we had some room for our meals. We needed ketchup for the fries so my friend grabbed a bottle from one of the other tables.  I'll be back to Uncle Sam's because I like their food but if I get the same server, I will walk out.
1	Ditsy waitresses, drunk idiots, and slow service. Plus, not to mention their idiotic Anti-Obama messages on their menus, and this after they were busted for hiring illegals....go figure! Don't waste your time or money coming to this place. There's a lot of choose from out there.
4	Yummy bar food & cold beer!!!My mom and I come here for our "cheat" eating days and get onion rings, fries, chicken wings, and beer.  Uncle Sams serves nearly everything fresh out of the fryer!!Last time we are here we tried the calzone, not a huge fan.  We got the italian which has sausage, pepperoni, onions, and bell peppers.  The dough was cooked to a crisp and not that pizza doughy goodness I was craving.  My mom was not enjoying the calzone either.  It wasn't bad- just kinda bland.  The ice cream is in a single serve plastic container- how lame!  The menu shows a dish with ice cream too... But then you get a can shaped plastic tube.The servers here are so sweet and we always end up hanging out here for a couple hours.  And trust me, sports bars are not our usual scene AT ALL.
2	Food was tasteless. Had honey bbq wings & fries. Cheese chicken hoagie was excessively salty. Portion sizes are average but pricing for them above average. service was a joke. Thursday night. About 10 servers and 12 tables full of 2-4people. We waited over 15 min for the wings & fries. 6 minutes later the waitress tells us the kitchen boys didn't read the order & only made half the chicken sandw, can she bring the 1st half out??? Really?!?! My son had to hunt the waitress down since age never came back to pick up our check.  Will not be going back.
2	Where to begin; I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. The server was very cute and young, but didn't listen to anything we asked for. Wanted salads first, they came at the same time as everything else. Wanted full sandwiches, got halves. Asked if the onion rings were better than the fries?  She said they were - but they were not. After the rush was over, I noticed a bunch of older men emerge from the back of the house to catch the scores from the nights sports slate. Seems like the managers only sit at the bar or mill around the kitchen flirting with the very young all-female waitstaff. So if you like so-so service and mediocre food while watching a bizarre display of small, blurry out-of-position TVs and a staff with very little supervision, then this is the place for you. A shame too because this place has potential.
5	Awesome happy awesome wings (honey hot the best) awesome grinders (special). We are from Seattle moved here in July visited for the first time last night. Sat right away, nice waitress, cheap pitcher ($5 Dos Equis), food came fast, and it was all great!
2	It's quite simple. The food is great! The service is slow! And 98.9% of the time they will get your order wrong!
2	The 83rd Ave & Union Hills location has the WORST service. Snotty, rude little girls as servers, all with the attitude like they hated being there. Calling for take-out was no better....rude as ever on the phone, couldn't even get a thank you when we picked up our food. What a shame to have an Uncle Sam's so close by, with such terrible service.
4	Greta hoagies.
2	I've been to this restaurant twice now, both times came away disappointed. Ordered a chicken sandwich the first time, it was the worst chicken sandwich I've ever had, and the service was extremely slow. Gave the place a second chance tonight, thinking that the first time was an anomaly, but my Hawaiian Calzone was barely luke warm, and consisted mostly of bread and pizza sauce, hardly any ham or pineapple. And, the service was extremely slow again. My daughter's chicken sandwich was just a chicken strip with some pizza sauce on a large hoagie role. She the chicken off the role and ate it by itself. We ordered an appetizer and they didn't bring it until they brought the main meals. I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but I just felt compelled to warn people to not go here, especially if they want to get in and out in less than two hours.
4	The food is nothing special, but this is not one of those places you go for the food. You go for all the hot servers and happy hour!!!! The happy hour is awesome, beer is affordable, and so is the food.They always have some type of game or sport on the multiple televisions, and it a good place to just hang out.I did mention the hot servers, but they are all also awesome at what they do. They never forget about a table and just treat you well over all. Check this place out during happy hour or their reverse happy hour, you will like it.
4	Uncle Sam's is pretty cool! I had the personal pizza and thought it was very good. The people I was with told me that the hoagies were really tasty, too. The employees were nice. The reason they do not get 5 stars from me is because it took quite some time for our food to come out. I know that pizza can take a while but this wait was longer than just a pizza, especially since there wasn't a crowd. Despite that, I intend to return in the future!
3	The food is good and the service today was actually good but now that I actually look around the place, I don't know if I could ever come back. Anyone that has Philadelphia Eagle crap all over obviously knows nothing about football and is not worthy of my hard earned money.
2	So disappointed in their philly cheese steak. I picked one up to go and it was the most salty sub I've ever had. The fries tasted like they were from yesterday. Last time I had the same thing and the meat was burnt. I won't be returning anytime soon
2	I just got a to go calzone to bring it home and find canned, sour mushrooms in it. It is absolutely mind boggling to me that a restaurant uses canned mushrooms for anything these days, especially as a topping for pizza, calzones, etc. Nothing appetizing whatsoever about this. Plus, my immediate thought after is "what else are you trying to save a penny on?" Take pride in your food. You're a restaurant. Its ALL YOU HAVE.
5	Uncle SAMs is the best sports bar and food place you can go to in the area. Good beer and good food! Tv's everywhere and it's a nice environment. Bar girls are nice and the manager is cool. 5/5 hands down.
4	I've been to Uncle Sam's a couple of times and this place really has some tasty calzones. I suggest you try BBC if you are really in for a meaty goodness. If you are into cheese, you love their Call Me Cheesy calzone. For vegetarians and guys and gals who are dieting, the Veggie Low Cal calzones would be the perfect fill for their stomachs. And there are many other calzones and even pocket sandwiches they can offer. I like their calzones because they always have the right amount of fillings. The serving is also perfectly sized. If you want, you can eat it anytime, anywhere. Thus, it is really perfect whenever I am busy or I am driving home. The ingredients are also fresh. I can taste the freshness every time I grab a bite. For the price, you'd be glad to know that it is low. So if you really like calzones just like I do, check this place out.
4	This my family and I's go-to spot when we need fast, good food. The waitresses (yes, they are all chicks) are always very nice and on top of it, which in sports bars really is a toss up. Good food, fast service, nice staff - good place to go.
2	Went here per recommendation from a couple friends. Ordered the special grinder and was hoping for something special. Once I got home and took a bite, I was sorely disappointed with the seasoning. The sandwich was really bland and didn't taste like anything. Will try them one more time for their cheesesteakes, but will stop patronizing them after that. Real disappointment.
3	Food is very good for the price. But the employees need some help with their manners. When I first walked in there was two girl sitting on the Togo counter talking with their backs turned and both turned around to look at me but did not greet me at the door. Don't get me wrong the girl actually serving me was quiet nice and did everything right. But then when I got my food two servers were in the booth next to me on the clock and were cussing talking about something that happened earlier. You should never talk about other customers infront of other customers and cuss. And as I left an other girl was at the Togo area and made eye contact with me and did not say goodbye to me. Overall they have good cheap food but the staff need to learn proper edicit.
