5	This is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  The chips and salsa are great.....both are home made and the salsa is very spicy.....just the way I like it.  It is not for the weak.My favorite dishes are:Queso Fundido w/Chorizo - Basically a cheese appetizer with chorizo served on a hot fajita plate.  Comes with flour or corn tortillas....this is very good.  I order this when I take friends to this restaurant for the 1st time and every one of them agree with me.Carne Asada Burrito - Very tasty, good quality Carne Asada.Inside their menu, they have a lot of dishes to choose from....not to mention an extensive combo menu where there are a lot of combo dishes.....I have tried at least 7 or 8 different combos...all are very good.We go to this restaurant at least 1 to 2 times per month for lunch at work and 1 time per month for dinner.  The prices are very reasonable too.
4	Great food, nice atmo...They always give you more than you can handle. Almost any entree is started w/ soup...Fideo.... I have fond memories with friends at this place...It almost takes me back to the time before I had kids & we could sit at the bar drinking Corona's till they close. I have a bad habit of ordering the same thing...Fajita's... I guess 'cause I know thier good & I am a definate creature of habit.highly recommended I would have given 5 stars but I guess i'm just picky that way.
4	This place is great!  Huge portions, great service and awesome food.  The decor has a little to be desired here but who gives a flying F when the food is this good?  Awesome lunch specials too.
3	Tasty margaritas that come in giant sizes.  Not only do you get the standard chips and salsa but a really yummy bean dip too.  Friendly, if a bit over the top service.  A gargantuan menu.  I think this place is a solid hit with tons of Mexican standards.  Even though my carnitas weren't the best I've ever had, some of the other dishes were delish.  I'd eat here again.  Three plus plus stars.
1	As one of the first to arrive on this Saturday morning, we were promptly seated and provided menus.  The complimentary chips were commercial grade and both salsas probably originated in a factory.  We ordered the breakfast of champions, huevos rancheros, but both dishes were slightly overcooked and unremarkable as were the accompanying frijoles refritos, salad and rice.  My disappointment was only nominally tempered by the use of a 2/1 coupon found on the RJ's website:
3	Not really a fan.. I realize my tastes are different than the average Vegas person, as I'm more into the whole Tex-mex thing, but still I just don't think this place is that good. I got the 2 crispy taco lunch special. I like that the crispy taco tasted homemade, but man thanks for warning me about the sick shredded beef in there.! I much prefer ground beef and expected it, but apparently I'm the weird one, so I won't bring them down to 2 stars for the tacos I hated.
4	Ok it feels wrong to add stars for this reason, but I'm doing it anyways. As my coworkers have a borderline obsession with this place, I'm learning to adapt. I'm on a loose sort of "diet" (very strong word), I'm really trying to avoid Mexican food joints as they are very hard to eat semi-healthy at. As I stared hard at the menu searching desparately for something I could call "diet".. I did notice they have a diet section, but all the food sounded bland and too well diety for my taste. I decided to try the lunch special called chicken #9 ($9.99 with soda). It rocked! It was chicken marinated in garlic, spices, chilis and it was full of flavor but light on the spice (just my style). It was served with guac, rice, beans, and tortillas (hardly diet food, but just noting you could eat this as a full calorie dish as you desire). Some of the best grilled chicken I've had in awhile... yay for a mexicn place that has something on the menu not full of lard !
5	authentic mexican. live music, bar, attire & decormake fresh salsa & guacamole tableside. my tea never got 1/2 empty. more chips & salsa without ever askingtruly the best authentic mexican yet!! very spicy & meats were tender and juicy. crispy tacos tooa truly authentic mexican joint with great lunch specials. $5.99/$7.99/$9.99 for 1/2/3 item combos
5	We went at 4:30, which unfortunately is before the live music! (I don't know if it was every night, but as we were finishing, a mariachi band started playing).One weird thing, either the seats at the booths were low, or the tables were high (or both...) but when I sat down the table was noticeably higher than a normal table...but I'm short.This was some delicious food.  We got the tableside guacamole (made fresh, to order, pretty good, but no tomatoes) and it was quite an amount, more than most other sides of guacamole I've gotten.  We (me and three guys with appetites) didn't even finish it.  Of course, that may have had something to do with the HUGE portions that came our way.  One of the guys got fajitas (I think shrimp) and all his fixin's took up a full third of the table.I got nachos with carne asada...mmmmmm.  A huge plate, piled high.  I think I only got through a third of it before collapsing.  After lunch (lunch at 4:30...this is what happens when you wake up at noon...) we went down to Fremont Street for a couple hours, and even nachos after fours hours sitting in a car were soooo goood....
5	This place is great! One of my best places to go, the Steak Cilantro is my fav. All the waiters are nice and they never leave your drinks empty. They always offer us tortillas to take home and they serve you Fidelo Soup before your meal..YUM.
2	Authentic isn't the word for this place, Shrimp cocktail was over priced for the quality and contents.....all it had was shrimp and avocados where is the Onions? Cilantro? Cucumbers? Tomatoes? All diced of course!My father and Sister had the Steak, Chicken and Shrimp Fajitas that was so generic it reminded me of Acapulco or El Torito style.... You know what Im talking about, it looks and tastes like bulk commercial style food.On a good note the Salsa (not the chips) and the Sopa de Fideo where pretty tassty. Sorry I didn't try the Tortillas but I heard they are good.I really wanted to like this place unfortunately it failed and the live music wasn't my cup tea either. So the question is, where in Las Vegas can one get a good Mexican style shrimp cocktail?
1	Absolutely one of the 2 worst Mexican restaurants I've been to ever.  I thought maybe b/c it's in Vegas and not southern CA? It starts out with soup that tasted like freeze-dried Lipton noodle soup. None of the 3 of us ate it. We took our waiter's recommendations, and although he was efficient, he was not right.  We ordered from the Specialities, and 1/3 was good: the camarones a la cognac. Booths were too short for the table. The live music-1 guy- was okay for free, but sang American songs, which did not contribute to the Mexican atmosphere. Subsequently, 2 of us went to El Nopal restaurant in Vegas, which was excellent, and proves Vegas does have good Mexican restaurants!
3	Pretty good place... just not into the clown decor there. One remarkable thing is that their hand made tortillas are AMAZING!!! Especially, the flour ones... mmm mmm mmm... make sure you work out before you eat there because you will gain a good amount there.
4	This was a recommendation from one of my coworkers and I decided we would stop in there after work the other day and get dinner... First thing is first, the building is not the prettiest of places but i guess it fits the overall feel of the place, you walk in and 2 young ladies dressed in old Mexican dress great you and get you seated, the waiter then came by to see us and offer us drinks.. Let me stop and say that the waiter was extremely friendly and on top of every aspect of our meal. We ordered a Margarita and waters with the Table side Guacamole for an appetizer. this was probably the best guacamole i gave ever had. The meal also comes with not only your entree but you get sopa de fideo with every combo plus beans and rice, My grandma used to make sopa de fideo before she passed and it tasted just like her.  memories!!!  Okay so now that my review has turned into one long run on sentence I will just finish by saying the meals are huge, tasty and fairly priced, I definitely recommend this place if you like Mexican food and great service.
4	Went here for a company birthday party and I must say that the waitress we got, was on her game.She was working our table, 12 people and a few others that were 2-4 people and she didnt miss a beat.The food was good. The albondigas soup was awesome. Im kinda plain when it comes to ordering, so I had myself a couple shredded beef tacos with some rice.  The beef was seasoned nicely and was a lil too tender for my liking, but good for the most part.The atmosphere is great. They do karaoke(or at least i hope it was karaoke, not a band) when it gets a lil later into the evening.
4	I really loved this place!  Visting LV a local friend of ours took us here.were were immediately served chips with excellent salsa that actually had some kick to it!  not only that, refried beans were served along with them too..very nice touch!  I had the tacos al pastor...the were ok and not served with the traditional pineapple, onions and cilantro.  Bf got the seafood mariscos..he liked it.  Friend had chicken tacos in hard shell..they looked good and he finished them so thats a sign.all in all it was a nice experience and very nice to be off the strip. Oh if anything go there to check ou the shrine of creepy clown figurines, dolls and puppets...very odd
4	Craving the delicacy we call carnitas, I found myself at Bonita Michoacan.I ordered the Michoacan carnitas expecting deep fried goodness but came out with a savory, saucy goodness! It was coated with a delicious green sauce that was superb for the carnitas!The tortillas were thinner that what I was use to but they were homemade. Being different made it better!! The tortillas were also larger than the normal corn tortillas.I LOVE BEANS! So it was a plus that they gave SALSA and BEANS with our chips at the beginning of our meal.For all you clown-a-phobics, do not go here! There is clowns galore near the bathroom. If you go, you'll know what I mean.
4	This place is a hidden jewel to all the tourist. if you are looking for a tradtional authentic mexican restaurant then this is the place. the owner came from Michoacan, Mexico and they know how to cook.from homemade tortillas to everything on the menu. You can not go wrong with nothing on this menu.they even bring you chips, homemade beans, and salsa in the beginning.i would recommend this to anyone. Great food, Great service, and TRUE mexican food.
3	Great food. Not great atmosphere. But when you are with good company, that part matters less. Pros: chips, salsa, bean dip, yum tasty tomato base soup for free, yum good margaritas and they made my specialty margarita correctly! friendly and attentive staff Cons: odd decor - clowns....creepy odd floor plan right when you walk in you can see the nasty kitchen lights because the wall around the kitchen is low I had a poblano cream chicken dish with rice and beans. OMG. TDF! I couldn't stop eating. We will be back! I just recommend a little redesign/redecorating. Hire someone to help with that. Don't just let the wife/daughter of the owner handle it. A professional who can help make it more appealing and attractive and updated.
5	had my 36th birthday here with a party of about 10. They were very accomodating and the food was excellent.  It is not cheap but the everything was very well cooked and about half our party were natives of Michoacan so they are very very fussy about their Mexican food.  Everyone loved it. My 3 old loved the clown motif although that may not be for everyone.  The margaritas were sassy!  Great job :)
4	Bonito Michoacan is one of the more authentic Mexican restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas. Even the funky decor is pretty damn authentic! The complementary chips, salsa and bean dip are excellent, we always end up getting more because of how quickly they disappear. Rarely do we have to ask for more chips, salsa or anything for that matter since service is always very attentive... I tend to stick to 'standard' dishes when I eat here... they have great tacos, excellent fideo soup, wonderful enchiladas and the strawberry margaritas are made with real fruit, yum! They make their guacamole table-side here, you can request it as mild or as spicy as you prefer.  Prices are reasonable for the large portions you get... This isn't your on the strip, "fine dining", spending $50 a plate, fancy dancy type restaurant but it's still well worth a stop even for a special occasion like a birthday... The employees come out singing, with musical instruments and a big sombrero for the special person to wear. I think you get a complimentary dessert as well... It's embarrassing if it's your birthday, hilarious if you are with the birthday boy/girl and entertaining if you just happen to be there when it happens.
4	I will always preface my Mexican restaurant reviews by saying I'm originally from L.A. and there are no Mexican restaurants in L.V. that can hold a candle to the ones in L.A.I usually end up at Bonito or Lindo Michoacan when I'm in the mood for Mexican.  They are the safest bets in town.  More likely than not I'll end up at Bonito, mainly because it's closer to my house and I'm lazy.The service is great. The waiters and bussers are all very attentive and friendly. They're always ready with a refill of whatever you need.I do the same thing every time I eat at a restaurant that serves chips and salsa.  I fill up on that, so by the time my dinner comes I'm full, so the great thing is that I can usually  share a meal with my dining partner and save money.  HahaThe food is pretty good on the whole. I shy away from the combination platters, since they're relatively generic. I enjoy the fried fish and some of the spicier chicken dishes as well as the fajitas. You can't forget the decor either. Clowns, clowns and more clowns. I love it.Top your meal off with a yummy mixed drink and your golden.
3	The service here is probably the most noteworthy, fun and relaxed- and ultra attentive. Everyone in my group seemed to enjoy their food- For my Chile verde I substituted Lengua, and it was great. Their Utra Margarita is awesome though! 6 shots in a huge margarita glass you get to take home afterward. I can't belive I got through the whole thing! My fiance tried some of their cocktails which were just- eh, nothing special. Go for the Tequila Margaritas you GRINGOS!This is a fun place for classic mexican dishes. Ole!
4	The family runs 3-4 successful restaurants, the location I used to go to as a child burnt down. I have tried everything from goat stew, seven sea soup, steak, and traditional Mexican specialties (all of which were always good). They make the guacamole at your table, hand made tortillas, and the atmosphere is nice.
5	Fantastic food, great service and cute kitchy decor. My cheese enchiladas were delicious and my boyfriend can't stop raving about the fajitas.
5	I first became a fan of sister restaurant Lindo Michoacan on Desert Inn but Bonito is much closer to my home.  We are "regulars" there so it's nice to walk in and have the waiter or waitress know your order.  Try the table side guacamole.  It's the best guacamole I've EVER had. And if you can, try to sit in Violeta's section.  She makes it even better than the other waiters. However, Juan and Jose (I think that's his name) are good waiters too.  The veggies in the fajitas are so fresh and delicious but you can't really go wrong with anything you order here.
4	It really is the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is quaint, the service is friendly, and the food is phenomenal.Been searching for the best Mexican spot and I think we found it... the food had large portions and the live band was cool.. The pricing is affordable and although our waiter was useless the bus boy was great.. we are new yorkers so we know good service.. TABLESIDE GUACAMOLE IS THE BEST!!! & peach margaritas come with real peach slices, it's the best snack place!! Fish tacos weren't life changing though.Tableside guacamole that is so good. Ceviche was one of the best I have had. I thought the food was all good. Equivalent to lindo michoacan. The service was friendly.Bonito Michoacan really is a diamond in the rough out here on The West Side. It may not seem special on the outside, but the food inside is worth the drive.The enchiladas here actually do have taste. The chile relleno is also a good choice. I could even tell the salsa was homemade.It's good Mexican comfort food here, and the food shouldn't be disappointing.great mexican place good service, homemade tortillas, freh table side guacamole, good music, good margatitas! I am very pickey when it comes to Mexican food due to being of Mexican decent and enjoy finding the "real thing". Bonito Michoacan is The Real Thing.....love the food, atmosphere and the people. It's a great place to eat or just go and have their delicious margaritas.
5	I'm not going to claim "I know REAL Mexican" - who's to decide what is?What I will say is this is my favorite Mexican restaurant. They have one of the best Moles I've had.  Recommend the Pollo sarandeado Tia Esther and the buckwheat noodle soup.
4	This was the second place we ate at while visiting LV(check my other reviews for into).  Coming from the San Francisco area, where good Mexican food is hard to find, this place was a step up with chips and great refried beans served right up, nice Mexican decor, and excellent service.  I started with their Cadillac Margarita with Patron Silver.  Nice size goblet and a nice buzz that lasted the meal.  My girlfriend ordered the "Vampiro" which tasted like slightly alcoholic cool aid.  We sent it back and immediately had it replace with a delicious pina colada.  I had read about their Chile Colorado, a new york cut into pieces in a red sauce(gringos need not worry about it being a spicy sauce) to which I added their flavorful spicy sauce and that did the trick.  I ordered the flour tortillas (I believe they are freshly made, as it tasted that way to me.)   My girlfriend ordered the Mexican combo beef taco, chicken enchilada,  and chile relleno ( The beef taco took first place, chili relleno second, I found it delicious on a taste test, and enchilada a distant third.  Finally, always in search for the authentic churro, it was done right served with small decorative flowered whip cream flowers to dip in.  It was crisp and not overly sweet.   Overall I give this place a B+, as their chili colorado good have been better, perhaps make it bit more flavorful.  Nevertheless, as Mexican restaurant goes from where I am from, this place any day.
5	Best mexican in Las Vegas.
5	One of my favorite vegas places. Giant margaritas, crazy clown decorations, live music, wacky servers. If you are looking for fancy Mexican food this is not the place for you. I always bring out of town guests here for food and fun. Once the server got up on the booth behind us and danced as he made guacamole ha! The food is good and the menu has lots of choices so you are sure to find something you like. Even though its casual the service is always great. Refill waters BOOM, refill chips BOOM. Birthdays are hilarious, they come out and sing to you and put a sombrero on you haha. It's fun and funky familiar Mexican fair.
2	I have to remember, just because its near my house doesn't mean it's gonna be better!Viva Michoacan and Lindo Michoacan  have such better food an atmosphere, I've learned my lesson to take the extra time and gas and get some good food. Our waiter was friendly, and full of energy, he made the experience better. The free tortilla chips were dark and over fried, also tasteless. The bean dip and salsa were okay, just seemed not as hot (spicy). The fideo soup was watery with about 20 noodles in it, I mean, it is so cheap to make fideo and this is what I get? I got a Soft Beef Taco and a Crunchy Chicken Taco, there was so much lettuce and shreded cheddar cheese on top I had to dig my way to my tacos. Both were edible and had a good amount of meat but didn't have much taste even after I drenched them in salsa. The crunchy taco was a little greasy. I actually thought they'd be more like street tacos since that's what I'm served at the sister restaurants.My husband got the Carne Asada Burrito, but he had them add cheese and mole sauce which they gladly did, it was okay, but was still missing something...especially some heat (spice).I won't be going back, especially since there are so many better mexican restaurants.
5	Excellent food. Great service. Highly recommend.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. I'm never really disappointed here and I felt the need to bump them up a star for being my favorite. It's still not the best Mexican restaurant in the world, but it's definitely one of the best in Las Vegas!Every dish I've tried is delicious and the portions are extremely generous for the price. The menu is ridiculously extensive. There is just too much to choose from sometimes. I try to get someone to share dishes with me so I can get a taste of multiple things. I enjoy the decor and as a fan of clowns (rare, I know) I actually quite enjoy the back room that is decorated solely with clown figurines and pictures. Great place for large groups as well. I highly recommend it.
5	I love everything about this place. Its always packed, and the service never slows down! These guys do the same super fast service no matter how busy it is! Awesome place, with hilarious live music.
3	I am seriously torn.  When it come to Chinese and Mexican food, I think there is a fine line between value, and rip off.  I mean if I'm eating a perfectly delicious taco for $3, how much better will it get for 6-8x the price.  I understand that at a restaurant there are other amenities, advantages, and portions are bigger, but on flavor and experience alone, is the mark up really worth it?  This place serves delicious Mexican food.  I have no complaints, service was professional, and friendly.  There is nothing wrong with this establishment.  I just feel that I would hit up one of my favorite no frills taco joints before returning here.
5	This is the absolute best Mexican yum spot in Vegas.  Let me a few reasons: 1) Violeta - sweet & brilliant waitress who consistently provides amazing service.  Ask to be seated in her section.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  2) Handmade flour tortillas.  3) Fajitas.  4) Fresh guacamole made table side while you watch.  They actually carve the avocados & create the guac from scratch to order.     My other favorites are the "Filete Relleno", - orange roughy with shrimp/calamari & the "Steak al Cognac"- cooked to order smothered in mushrooms & onions with rich cognac sauce.I just heard they have a Happy Hour, but it is somewhat of an early one (2p - 6p).
5	Update:   Violeta, while still full of awesomeness, only works the day shift now.  If you visit in the evening Evelyn (Evie) rocks!
4	Better service, better food, and a LOT less crowded (although it's only Tuesday..), than their counterpart Lindo Michoacan there in Henderson.Sure, sure, Lindo has the spectacular views and what not, and their food is decent but all of that gets cancelled out when you're in a packed and noisy (super kid friendly) restaurant. Moving right along..Back to Bonito!Greeted by a friendly gentleman and escorted to our table, my eyes scanned the room to observe the typical, I mean traditional Mexican themed decor; vibrant colors, cheesy artwork, and no Mexican restaurant would be complete without "football" on the telly. My party and I giggled at the music selection throughout our entire meal, it went from Latin Country, to Latin Classic Rock, and my all time favorite, Latin elevator music. I have saved the best for last though folks when it comes to the decor at good ol' Bonito Michoacan..THE MILLIONS OF CLOWNS EVERYWHERE!What's up with clowns amigos? I just don't get how creepy clowns and puppets dangling from the ceiling tie in to delicious home made guacamole and sizzling, cooked to perfection fajitas. The clowns didn't sit well with me, but luckily their food did! (*round of applause from my stomach*) In any event, this fine dining establishment earns 4-starts on the Kim-scale-o-food-places, the fifth lacking for, well, it's no real mystery here: the clown decor (ok and I don't fancy the location either).Great job Bonito, I'm not positive you would be the first place I would pick should the mood for Mexican food strike again, but you're for sure in my top 5!
5	Excellent menu of traditional Mexican cuisine.  We had a group of 12, everybody ordered something different.  Everything was great.  The staff was friendly, the service prompt.  I had the carnitas, they were moist and flavorful.  This place is off the strip but not too far.  I would highly recommend it.  We come here every time we visit Vegas.
4	Gotta get the Guac!!Everything I've had here is great, but the Shrimp dishes are the business.
3	We are in Las Vegas for a convention and wanted out of the hotel for dinner, the bell desk recommended this restruant. Six of us went,  we all ordered different items and drinks.  All were pleased with their meals.  The chips, salsa, bean dip along the the guacamole, made at table side were great.  Pricing was reasonable.  I would return if in town again.
4	Just finished having dinner for the first time at this restaurant after driving by it for so many years!  Well, we could kick ourselves for not stopping in before. I ordered the Chile Rellenos Camerones, which were 2 mild green peppers stuffed with shrimp and topped with cheese. They were really tasty and the shrimp tasted fresh and not like they've been sitting in the fridge for a week.  This entree came with tortillas (corn or my choice, flour) freshly made on-site.  Curiously though, as many homemade tortillas I have eaten in my life, these got really stiff, pasty and cracker like once they got cold.The wife had the Sopes with Carne Asadas which she enjoyed.  Our sons enjoyed a cheese quisadilla and the other, a cheeseburger and fires, which were really good.All entrees came with a really good fideo soup.  Service was really good.  The only hiccup came at the end.  At the beginning of the meal (when we were ordering) I presented our 20% off coupon from our local newspaper that was valid Sun-Fri.  Our server told us he would deduct the discount when he brought our bill at the end of the meal and placed the coupon in his shirt pocket.I made a silent bet with myself that the bill would not reflect the discount because the server was going to worry we would not tip him appropriately.  My wife and I are not those kind of tippers.  If they are good they will always get 20% from us and if there is a discounted amount, they always get the pre-discount amount for a tip, but we know there's a lot of people who don't practice this but to each their own.Anyways, we finally got the bill adjusted and left, happy.We'll definitely be returning here and bring out of town family and friends here also, since El Patron closed.  This place is a lot cheaper than Lindo in HD, whose parking lot also sucks!
4	I ordered the Machaca con Huevos; Superb! However, the service was super slow though. Because the food is so good and authentic, I give them a pass.
3	Love that they make the guacamole right in front of you
1	Okay Yelp, you did me wrong on this one.  This is the absolute worst Mexican food that I have ever tasted.  First of all the food is not flavorful, I had to put salt on everything from the salsa to the beans and every item on my plate.  I ordered a combo plate with a chile relleno, chicken enchilada and chicken taco.  The chicken did not have any flavor and was very dry.  The chile relleno was full of water and the sauce on it tastes like pure tomato sauce.  Overall, it was a horrible meal.  The best part about my dinner was the tableside guacamole which of course needed salt and the wait staff who were very attentive.
5	Excellent food, great service,  reasonable prices.
3	Not sold on Bonito Michoacan.  Food was mediocre.  Guacamole was wonderful- avocados freshly cut in front of us.  Sangria tasted like cheap box wine with lemons.  Shrimp enchiladas were good.  Would stray away from this place but wouldn't suggest it. Maybe better for takeout...
4	Pros:-Service was excellent. The servers were very polite and our food came out fast. We had about 3 people constantly filling our drinks/chips/salsa/beans. Plus, they're really good at singing happy birthday :)-My fiance loves beans and was really excited to see they served complimentary beans with their chips and salsa. A nice touch and one I have never seen before in a Mexican restaurantCons:-The food was OK. I got #16 (two hard chicken tacos, all rice) and I enjoyed it, although the tacos were a little small. My fiance had a combo plate as well (hard beef taco and enchilada, all beans) and did not like the enchilada's red sauce.All in all, the restaurant was alright and if I was in town again I might consider coming back.
3	It was between here and Amigos Tacos, I decided to try this place because the reviews were pretty good. The parking was wide open, we were seated immediately and as I was excitedly anticipating, we got our chips - salsa - and beans. The chips were good, fresh. The salsa was very good for me but my BF prefers salsa with a little kick. The beans... well... they were OK, a little salty, but add salsa to the beans and a wonderful treat. The menu is HUGE! It took me a while to go through everything and make a decision, I finally decided on the 2 taco combo (beef tacos) and he got the beef enchilada with green sauce combo. While snacking on the chips they brought out a soup.. I wasn't expecting soup, I still don't know what kind of soup it was but it was OK. About 2 minutes after the soup came, our meal came... The food looked good, plates were hot, that's always a good sign. Now the meal... I took a bite of my taco and it was... a taco. The beef was lacking flavor, it was almost like they didn't season it while cooking, every Mexican restaurant I have been to has always used a combo of onions and other veggies/herbs to season their meat.. it just seemed.. blah. The rice was good, a little on the salty side as well and I usually put salt on everything, I like salt, but it was too salty for even me. my BF and I swapped plates to try each others dishes and his was very good. His beef was good, and it was the same type but since his food was covered lightly with enchilada sauce... i think it helped it out. I used some of his sour cream and the salsa and fixed up my taco.. not amazing but it was good. All in all, I am happy we got to try it and I would come here again but I would definitely order something different. I will give Amigos Tacos a try next time and hope that their menu isn't as costly as it was here... over 5$ for guacamole..? Not worth it. But the main reason I will come back was the service, everyone was very friendly, our server paid attention to our table and once our drinks were half empty they had fresh ones on the table...
5	Chips, salsa, and bean dip right on the house off the rip to start?! What! Snuck in a little after 6pm and still got the happy hour price on the margarita's?! Damn who still does that. Had a regular and mango margarita. Margarita craving fixed. Got the guac as an app. A must. They mash it up table side, so you pick the ingredients. No onions for me. I had the chicken taco, tosdada,and enchilada combo joint. Wow! My girl had the bean burrito and beef taco combo. Said she liked it (Was her pick to eat here since she said it was the best). Tons of stuff on the menu. All this for $55 and my girl had 2 margarita's too. Definitely good.  The only complaint is that the decor is a little old, but I like the mom and pop hole in the wall type places. I also ate wayyyy too much and it felt like a rock was in my stomach all night.
4	Went to Bonito's today for lunch and I'm sure I'll be back!Great fish tacos!!  The "special sauce" that goes on top was all that, it was delicious.  Chips and salsa were awesome, but the beans weren't right.  I'm not sure what it was about them, but they weren't as good as at other places.  Others in my party had the chicken burrito and the chicken sopas -- both of which were reportedly great! Service is super speedy -- they are quick and that includes taking your plate as you shove the last bite in your mouth and bringing you the check while people in your party are still finishing up too!  That's better than waiting for the check in my opinion though!
5	My husband and I found this restaurant through Yelp's reviews as we were looking for Mexican food off of the Strip. This was, by far, the best Latino food that we have ever had. The atmosphere was great and everyone working there greeted us warmly and were very friendly throughout. There was a Mariachi band playing, but not too loud, and everything just felt comfortable. The decor was bright and festive, but it was not over the top. The thing that we noticed first was that almost everyone eating there was Latino, and that, to us, is always a good sign of authentic food. The food did not disappoint. Everything was so good overall that we came back the next day for lunch before heading back home-- just to get another taste of it. The best of what we tried: the oysters (I am not a fan but my husband ate the heck out of them happily), the cheese fundo, and the guacamole. The warm, homemade tortillas were the best tortillas I have ever had as well, and if I could somehow magically have them at my house every day, I would be eating a steady diet of them. All in all, a good value for the money, a nice experience, and wonderful food.
3	I'm surprised by all of the 4 and 5 star reviews for this place. I found the food to be very blah.Let me first say that the service was excellent. The servers were so friendly and checked on us often. If it weren't for them I would have given 2 stars.The meal started off with chips, salsa and bean dip. The bean dip was ok but the beans really had no flavor and were very runny. The salsa was horrible.  It was also watery thin and had a weird flavor. After what I heard about this place I was excited to try the salsa but I prefer a chunky fresh salsa and this tastes like something from a can.Then came a cup of Fideo Soup for us. This was tasty and it had a lot of noodle in it. For my meal I had the #4 which consisted of a cheese enchilada, beef taco and a bean tostada with guacamole. Blah blah blah! The enchilada had barely any cheese in it and the sauce they put on top was as nasty and weird tasting as the salsa. The beef taco was cute and small but the beef had no flavor. My tostada had beans and tons of lettuce.. The small of guacamole I had was actually very tasty. I would never order this again I just didn't care for it and the taste. I could have done with out all the lettuce and had more of the other stuff on it.My man had Fajitas and he said they weren't as good as Ricardo's or Cabo but he said they were decent. I tried a piece of his flour tortilla and I have to say I should have just ordered a stack of those and some guacamole because the tortillas were good. And the tortillas weren't small either they were a decent size.The pic I took and posted on here looks way more appetizing then it really was. I tried to like it but I just honestly didn't :(They had a man singing live music which was a nice touch. and happy hour specials  but during happy hour a margarita is still going to run you $4.50.I don't see when we would be back here since there are other yummy Mexican places around town and especially with Ricardo's just down the street.
3	I prefer New Mexico mexican food but Bonito Michoacan has some very good dishes.  The carnitas are very good, as is the mole enchiladas.  The gratis chips, salsa and beans is a nice touch too.
2	If it weren't for the excellent service this place would have 1 star. The food was awful, the soda was watered down, and the restrooms stunk like sewer. I have eaten here years ago and it was very good, i'm very very disappointed in Bonito Michoacan. Also, the mariachi band, AWFUL and ANNOYING!Note: try Frank and Finas on Grand Canyon and Flamingo instead, best Mexican food in town, IMO. And guess what, no mariachi band:)
1	Was there a couple of weeks ago and the bartender was great.Returned last night and the bartender clearly was racial. She greet everyone that walked up with a smile and an OLE! She barely said high to me while she was doing something else. When my meal was served, she never offered fork/knife leaving me to ask for it. She waited until AFTER happy hour was over to ask if I wanted another drink.Some old guy who has no business being in show business provides the worse entertainment I have ever heard.If it was possible to give this place a minus 5 star I would.Not only will not go back, will actively recommend to anyone that asks - Dont Go There!
4	I had a Groupon for Bonito Michoacan.  I was seated in the bar area and the bartender was my server.  She brought me chips, salsa, and bean dip quickly along with my iced tea.  She passed the empty sweetener bag test with flying colors!First. my dinner came with fideo soup.  It was very good with less of a tomato taste than I'm used to getting.  There was more of a chicken stock flavor.  For the main course, I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole con Pollo, two cheese enchiladas heated in a red mole sauce with a chicken breast, refried beans, rice, and some lettuce shreds and a dollop of sour cream.  The mole tasted a bit sweet at first but then I got the undertones of the other spices and the richness of the mole came out.  The chicken breast was good.  It was seasoned in any manner so I gave it a good shower of Tapatio.For dessert, I got the fried ice cream.  I guess fried ice cream is just something that comes out of the freezer.  I don't think anyone "breads" and fries the ice cream in real time anymore.I was very pleased with my visit.  I was of two minds about where I was seated.  Two men were having a loud discussion (argument?) about politics in Spanish and the one had enough tecate to not know how loudly he was talking.  However, I could have been sitting in another part of the restaurant where there was a crying baby.  I think it was better where I was.  This was an enjoyable dinner!
5	There are lots of things to do in Las Vegas, but there is only 1 thing that is mandatory on our list: dinner at Bonito Michoacan. For me it's all about the carnitas. My wife it's all about the handmade flour tortillas. A trip to Vegas hasn't even begun until we've had our fix. We just love, love, love it.
4	As I was searching for another authentic Mexican food spot to try out, I decided to give this spot a try since the reviews were great. The service was great from entering the restaurant by being greeting by the hostess and didn't have to wait for a table. Our server was very friendly and always checked up on us and right away we were served with chips, salsa, and beans. The salsa was okay I just wish it was more fresh than watery. I ordered the guacamole since everyone recommended it and it was delicious. You get to pick what you don't want in it because they make it in front of you. I went with the steak ranchero for dinner since I felt like some steak. I have to say it was made to my liking' not too salty and not too dry. Can't wait to come back here and try another dish!
5	Love it here. Never had a bad meal. I've celebrated every major event of my life here so far lol. Really good here. Service is excellent. Just watch out for this one particular guy that I won't name. :}
5	I had my dad's birthday here. The staff was above and beyond accommodating. They allowed all 20 of us to sit and drink a while before ordering. They let us bring balloons and decorations. They split our check into small parties. I cannot say enough how much I appreciate their customer service. To top it all off, they sang happy birthday and gave my dad a 60th birthday shot! Great food, great service, great atmosphere...GREAT, GREAT, GREAT!
4	We came here with a Groupon. I was reluctant since I'm just not thrilled with the Michoacan restaurants as a whole. I find the food to be overpriced and ever so bland. But, Boyfriend wanted Mexican food, so off we went!This location is considerably less crowded than the others. We were seated immediately and had drinks within minutes. We ordered not long after that and were eating quickly. I noticed that the menu items are cheaper than at the other locations (combination meals average $11.99, as opposed to $14). The food was marginally better than other locations, I think.I would love to go back to this location, though, because the service was phenomenal. Seriously, the best service I've ever had, ever.
4	This place had really friendly service. The food came out fast and hot. The food was great especially the fresh guacomole that they make infront of you, just the way you would like it.
5	Wow, actually this is the second time iv'e been there, the Guacamole is incredible! on the spot, can't get any fresh than that, great service, kind waitress and the prices are good. definitely recommend this spot!
4	Excellent meal, and quite a steal when you add in the Groupon discount. The salsa and bean dip were good. Not the best I've ever had, but tasty and they were quick to bring a second serving when we finished off the first. Very quick to take our drink and food orders, and service was quite fast. I ordered a tilapia dish to do something different from the usual burrito or combo plate, and was very impressed. Whole fish, flaky moist meat, crispy skin and a flavorful sauce. It didn't feel at all heavy for a fried item. Came with a healthy portion of rice and beans, as well as french fries? Don't understand that part but even the fries were delicious. Very reasonable price ($13) for seafood and the portion size. Everyone else at the table seemed to thoroughly enjoy their selections as well.I would definitely go back, even without a groupon.
3	Went here for the first time. Food was average for las vegas mexican food, no better. I will say the menu was huge, so there could be plenty of things that are great, just don't know after one visit. The facility itself is in need of repair. It is a little on the old side and looks it inside. As for the employees, our waiter was 'Lorenzo', and if you are looking for the one single employee who has no personality, as in zero, this is you man. Holy smoke. Drove out of our way to get there, not again.
5	Birthday celebrations are festive and make you the center of attention. Great employees, really make you feel at home.
2	Came here on a groupon. Had bacon wrapped shrimp. good flavors, but the shrimp was over done. Typical beans and rice. Nothing special. The food did come to the table hot. Nothing really stands out about this place.
3	My husband and I went here to use our groupon. He ordered chile rellenos and I carnitas. Food was great specially with our groupon. However our server was not the best. He waited several minutes  before he checked on us or to refill our drinks. But the busser was very attentive and took care of us because our server wouldn't. Also the so called live music is just a man with a key board. If my review was solely based on food I would rate it 4.5. However based on the overall experience I had to rate 3.
5	Carnitas, carnitas, carnitas.I have to give a place props when they make carnitas so tender and yet the meat is not fatty.  I respect that!  Portions are so big, you can easily share this dish with someone else.  The restaurant has a singer, our server was very attentive and upbeat, you get this addictive re-fried bean dip with the appetizer, it's easy to get full before your food comes.I have yet to try the guac, everyone is talking about it in the yelp reviews.
5	With a gluten free intolerance, I usually avoid Mexican restaurants, but our group of 6 heard fantastic recommendations for this place, so I went along with a positive mindset and was pleasantly surprised. Our server was not only knowledgeable of gluten, but told me with confidence exactly what menu items were safe. It seems the make all tortillas, chips, etc fresh in their restaurant and possibly the dressings as well. With a gf peace of mind, I enjoyed a beautiful spinach mango artichoke salad with sliced jicama and raspberry vinaigrette. The best, the BEST salad Ive ever had. That say a lot for a salad!!!All of the five gentlemen in my group greatly enjoyed their meals as well, from the guacamole made table-side to the fajitas and other authentic dishes. Delicious, delicious food with knowledgeable servers in an authentic and clean environment. Check it out!!!
4	I've come here a couple times now...I don't love it or hate it...but there are certainly some very bright spots!  The gringo in me feels like i'm deep inside a different culture just by walking in here.  Also, I love that the menu does a little translating for us...such as: "Servidos con sopa de fideos, arroz, frijoles y tortillas" and then the translation they give, "Served with sopa de fideos, arroz, frijoles y tortillas"...could we be missing anything here?Additionally, they have some solid prices on some of their higher-end tequilas!  They make fresh guacamole right there at your table!  Their hotter salsa is tasty and...eh...hot!  I haven't found a 5 star Mexican restaurant in Vegas...Bonita Michoacan does a solid, authentic, job!  Carnitas and I have this thing...we love each other deeply.  The carnitas here don't love me enough for me to come here for them specifically, but they'll do in a pinch.
4	Love the Mexican food here, went this weekend with my in-laws and they loved it too. Some friends of ours introduced us to this place and were hooked. Mexican pizza is delicious.
5	Seriously good food, and great service!  Very authentic,  and they made stuff for our group that wasn't even on the menu!
5	I cannot believe I have not yet Yelped that Bonito Michoacan es muy bueno! I've eaten here several times with friends when I visit Vegas, but this time brought family here! I know they thought I was crazy leaving the strip, but I told them it was well worth the short trip! Two family members are Mexican and took a long time to study the menu. They are both from California and have never seen some of these entrees on a menu except in Mexico!The complimentary bean dip is good and the tableside, fresh-made guacamole is the best! My niece does not usually eat guacamole and she loved it here! I've had some of the lengua dishes before and they are the best I've had! This trip I had the Biria de Chivo (a type of goat soup). I have not had goat since I was in Greece in the 90's and this was so tasty and tender with excellent spice. My only issue is that I did not have room for more! Oh, and let's not forget the margaritas! They actually make them with tequila...good and strong...wink, wink. Fantastico!If you want to enjoy REAL Mexican food at a fraction of the price of restaurants on the strip, then this is the place! Great food, great service, great prices and more money for Blackjack!
4	Great Mexican food off of the strip. It's a short cab ride and was recommended to me by a local. There are a lot menu items to choose from, even some that are very traditional Mexican. I had the Carne Asada which was very tasty, cooked perfectly and with the homemade tortillas were fantastic.Nora, the bartender, had great service and made a really good margarita. I would recommend this place to anyone in the Vegas area.
4	Found them online, got takeout from them tonight.  One star less as they forgot a single fish taco in our order, but everything else came as ordered and was excellent. They may have the best guacamole I've tasted outside my own kitchen. Great refrieds and all else was very good. Super friendly on the phone and at pickup.
5	This is THE place for Mexican food in Las Vegas....and there are plenty of good places here. Started coming here in 2006 or so, love everything I get and it won't break the bank.The soup!!!!Great Drinks!Amazing foodBest seafood dishes (as my partner claims, I hate seafood)Home made tortillasChips and Salsa!!!!!At least 50% of the customers are Mexican and come in groups. They do it right here.....It's worth getting off the strip for if your visiting, and the money you save eating away from the strip pays for your cab ride.What are you waiting for?
3	Even though my husband and I have been here several times because it's the closest mexican restaurant to where we live...I will still give it 3 stars. Out of the about 6 or 7 times we've been there, food is always GREAT and Fresh...but unfortunately, we've never had great service. Either something is forgotten, they don't come around often enough to check on us, they bring out the wrong order, etc. I hate to only give this location 3 stars because the food is so good...but as far as the overall experience, I hate feeling "forgotten about" or a "burden" because I ask for a refill on my drink, then have to wait for 15 min to get it. : /
4	Lively atmosphere maybe too much.  Above average food but not exquisite thus the barely four star rating.  Perhaps bigger menu than needed.  At your face but not rude service that won't over sweeten you.  That said the service was still good.  The booths felt odd to sit on.  They were spaced too far back from table and too low.  Will go back.
5	Hostess and Server were awesome, gave suggestions and the Cilantro steak was so delicious! We asked him to customize and it was perfectly cooked and amazing. Best place for real Mexican food!
2	I went here with a friend because of the reviews. 4 and 5 stars? I don't see it.They do have a good mix of authentic and Tex-Mex on their menu. The menu is extensive...but I'm only going to comment on what I had.Fajitas. I ordered a mix of pork and beef. When they arrived they were sizzling hot but flavorless. It's sad when the bell peppers have more flavor than the meat. The only way I could tell the difference from the beef and the pork was that the pork looked like pulled pork -- and about that... isn't fajita meat typically grilled? It honestly looked like they threw some pulled pork on the sizzling plate and tried to pass it off on me. The only plus was that the tortillas were freshly made.I forgot what my friend ordered but when I asked him how his was he just shrugged his shoulders and said, "It's ok I guess".The service was great and the waiters were very friendly. The salsa was "ok" and the bean dip that came with it was, well, bean dip...nothing "addictive" about it like I saw in another review.The lounge singer they had was playing mostly songs from the 80s. 'I Just Called to Say I Love You' by Lionel Richie? C'mon, Man. I think he played 2 Mexican songs the whole time we were there. I personally think it was more annoying than entertaining but hey, maybe other people like that kinda stuff.I probably won't be back because it simply wasn't worth it. Bland and ordinary.
5	This is one of the top two places I've had the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.  The food is authentic and the delicious EVERY time I have dined here. The staff is extremely helpful and pleasant on a consistent basis.  Occasionally they have a Groupon but it's rare. PROS: Steak Cilantro              Chili Relleno             Steak Fajitas             Lengua Tacos             Pollo al mojo de ajo  I haven't had a bad experience yet and I've been here a few times. It's great for meeting friends for lunch or dinner. There is something on the menu for everyone.
5	Best Mexican food! Authentic, and great customer service. I've made it a tradition to stop by before leaving Vegas!
5	From the minute u go in, everyone is very friendly. Also food and drinks taste great. Gotta try the hand made tortillas. Highly recommed this place.
2	My family and I went to this restaurant on Mother's Day so perhaps I am being biased as I know most restaurants are out of control on that particular date.This was my experience: We had a group of 9 and got seated right away. That was initially impressive! Our waiter was a man named Lorenzo. We ordered drinks, got our chips and salsa/bean dip rather quickly. We ordered our food and from then on it was a 45+  minute wait to receive the food. I think I would have been okay with waiting on the food if I didn't notice that all other families that arrived after mine were brought their food right away. Small or larger groups everyone else's waiters were ON IT; however, ours was not. I finally could not stand it any longer and approached him to ask if he could bring our food as each plate was ready, versus waiting on all of them to be ready entirely. He seemed annoyed at my comment, but noticing how slow he was moving kept irritating me.Once the food arrived, I was starved and shoved everything down. I had a combination plate with Huevos Rancheros. The hand made tortillas that came with the meal were a nice surprise. However, the rice was bland. My huevos rancheros had a weak red sauce with no flavor. I asked around the table, and the variety on our table had burritos and fish combo plates, yet they all agreed that each item was rather bland. The alcoholic drink selection although not that large, was very good. I ordered something called "Que Viva la Borrachera" and I have to say that probably saved this entire rating. They packed on the alcohol!I would consider this place for appetizers and drinks with a friend, but not for a meal.
5	I think you'll notice in many of the reviews you see comments on how exceptional the service is at this location and I completely agree! Our server, Richard, was totally awesome and boosted this from a 4 star to a 5 star review. He was super friendly, helpful, attentive and made some bad-ass guacamole! The food was delicious and very authentic according to my latin boyfriend. The homemade tortillas were sooo good, the steak & chicken fajitas very tasty also. We had a great time and will definitely be back for more.
4	Quesadillas and ceviche here are yummy!  Our server was really friendly and seemed to love working here.
5	Searching desperately for a Mexican restaurant that stayed open a little later than 9pm on the night of my friend's dad's birthday, we settled on Bonito Michoacan.What we received was extremely friendly service, a lot of delicious food, and they had like a 4 piece band sing happy birthday and gave our man of the hour a free shot of tequila.I don't really see anything I could have criticized from our experience. We were seated promptly, treated well, and the food was surprisingly very delicious. Additionally, we stayed there for a good 40 minutes after their closing time and never felt rushed at all.I had the steak cilantro, whilst the others around the table had an assortment of chimichanga, a crazy gigantic burrito, and chicken helena or something along those lines. Everything was cooked really well with rich strong flavors.We also got the hand-made table side guacamole and it was extremely tasty and fresh.All in all it was a very pleasant experience.
3	Well....out of all the Michoacan family of restaurants, I would rank this my #3 choice, with Viva being #1 and Lindo being #2.There's a couple of reasons for this -1.) Viva gives you complimentary fideo soup when requested. If it doesn't come with an entree, Bonito charges you $2.50 for it. It's good soup but not worth paying $2.50 when it costs probably $.25/cup to make. 2.) The customer service is off par from the rest. I experienced a rude, short tempered server today at lunch. When I advised my meal came out wrong, he refuted "well this is the way you told me you wanted it!". Well, actually that's not the way I told you and I wouldn't be telling you it was wrong if you just listened the first time. My last visit, when I asked the question "what is fundido dip?" I was treated like I was stupid for not knowing. It was off putting.3.) The busser was kind but she was bad at refilling drinks. My one pet peeve is drink refills. Don't keep me hanging....4.) The chips and bean dip that come out are bland. Do they use different chips & dip than the other Michoacan resturants? I'm not certain but they don't taste as good here. There are good things about the resturant as well - 1.) They have an extensive Mexican themed menu with many options for even the pickest of eaters. My favorites are the beef chimichangas and the beef flour flautas. Their spanish rice is decent and their refried beans are good & consistent. I tried my friends carne asada steak today and it was juicy and yummy. Their homemade flour tortillas are delish!2.) They run resonably priced lunch specials. For two of us, we escaped at around $20.00...not bad for a sit down lunch. 3.) It seemed as though before our tushs hit the seats that there were chips and dip on the table. We were immediately asked what we would like to drink. Very speedy in this regard.4.) Pleasant hostess staff, large restaurant seating areas and a full service bar.
4	Ok this is a nice place... The food was good, I like the flavor of the fajitas better at other places but the tortillas were good. The guacamole my daughter said wasn't as good as a few other places as too chunky for her.... I like how they had basic options like chicken fingers for kids meals though. The mole poblano got good reviews at the table and some shrimp and cheese dish was big stars. The salsa had a nice kick. The waiters were great.. Very attentive, and we were celebrating so they came and sang happy birthday (comic relief as maybe they sing that no matter the occasion as wasn't a birthday and they knew that lol) they put candles in the cupcakes they let us bring in and they offered to dance with the kids to the live music. They let you watch the tortillas being made and overall a positive fun experience....other places I would go depending on what wanted but if the group wanted to go there I wouldn't protest
4	Atmosphere is Very pleasant, the service is very good. Menudo homemade and is very tasty, enchiladas are all very good, the bean dip is tasty with the salsa which is brought to every table. The avocado dip know as guacamole is very tasty but very high in calories. The cactus appetizer is very yummy served with either homemade flour or corn tortillas.  We first learn of this location on Cico De Mayo and have been back several times. One thing I must insist that you do not order are the tacos unless you want to become very disappointed like I did after ordering myself and my date at lunch a la carte two tacos and tostada de ceviche. Only the tacos were very small and fried with maybe a tablespoon and half of chicken and cheese combined and served over shredded lettuce.  These taco's looked like something you would generally avoid at Jack In-Box.
4	Randomly driving off the strip and happen to spot this place. The bean dip tasted just like typical frijoles so i wasn't that impressed, but it was good. I had 3 tacos de chorizo and they were super delicious! The chorizo was piled high on these which was a nice surprise. My plate came with more beans and some rice both good. The sopa de fideo wasn't bad either but I love my mom's better :) the service was awesome. Our waiter was super courteous and came frequently to refill our drinks. The place is very nicely decorated with authentic Mexican decor and the Spanish music (Vicente Fernandez) playing in the background just added more charm and authenticity to this good Mexican restaurant. I'd definitely eat here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	GREAT SERVICE!!!!GREAT FOOD!!!GREAT PEOPLE!!!It's a must stop for us when we visit to Vegas. We usually take a taxi to and from our hotel/casino...this time when our server called on a taxi, they said it would be an hour wait for pick up...the lady at the counter offered to give us a ride back to our hotel/casino.  FYI we offered $$ to kind lady for the ride and she refused to take our money....THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE RIDE!!!
5	The best in Vegas by far. This is where the locals go for Mexican. Many different dishes not just tacos, burritos etc. Many seafood dishes.  Service was exceptional. They make the to taste right at the table.  Drinks are also good. As an added attraction there is a lady making tortillas right in the front. Not the easiest place to find but worth the search.
5	Awesome!  Had their steak cognac and it was killer.  Great service too.
1	Came here for a family gathering. Unfortunately, there are no real vegan options. Even the beans are made with dairy. The rest of the family seemed to enjoy the food, but vegans should come prepared to starve.
5	My favorite Mexican food joint in town. Hands down. Customer Service is always excellent, but I like to sit down on the right side of the restaurant and get served by the pretty dressed up lady. Otherwise, service is usually pretty good overall. I would come back here whenever I come back in town. Its one of those must.
4	I love the authenticity of the decor and cuisine. I celebrated my birthday there. It was a blast. The salsa and chips were savory and spicy and had you wanting more. The portion sizes was pretty plentiful I left with a to go bag. The waiter we had reminded us of a family member serving Sunday dinner he was laughing and joking and also very friendly. I had the "combancion mary y tierra" (Grilled steak and shrimp) which was DELICIOUS.... It was an enjoyable experience. I truly recommend for authentic Mexican and a good time....Try this place...
4	I really like this place. We come here pretty often and never really have a bad meal. Service is hit or miss, but we usually have a good time. My favorite dishes are the green pork burrito, whole fried fish and menudo. The salsa is good and spicy too.
5	Excellent food and service. Reasonably priced. Not touristy - local favorite and off the strip. One of my favorites in Vegas.
5	*The BEST Fideo soup. Ever. My favorite Mexican Food place in town, hands down. Better than Viva Zapta's, Roberto's and some of the more expensive places. They give you free chips, salsa and bean dip from the get go. If you order an entree they bring the tomato/noodle (fideo) soup out pre-meal as well. The enchiladas are fluffy and cheesey and the enchilada sauce isn't so strong or greasy it gives you heartburn. The 'Mexican Pizza' appetizer is awesome, very crunchy with light fluffy chicken (or beef if you choose) on top. They'll make guacamole right at your table for like $7. It can get a little chunky if you put everything in it, but it's a big amount you can take home. I enjoy everything I order here and have heard rave reviews about the Steak Ranchero as well. Haven't had anything bad yet. I'd like to save room for once to try their fried icecream, it looks like they give a generous portion!
5	Best Mexican food ever!! Everything is so packed with flavor and deliciousness, even to the extent that something as simple as Chile Relleno is superb.
4	Delicious, mouth watering fajitas. Outstanding service and even better margarita's. I'm a Mexican food consumer and have eaten at many authentic places from Las Vegas all the way to mexico. So far this is good in Vegas!
5	Great Mexican authentic food. Read about this place and decided to try it next time I was in Vegas; It's like El Toritos Mexican food but better.  The hot bean dip they bring to the table is good.  I ordered the chese enchilada and beef taco hard shell you don't see hard shells these days anymore.  Service and ambience were good. I would return next time in Vegas.
4	We've been coming here for a couple years now since we found it. The environment is colorful and culturally authentic to the food. Although I haven't quite yet figured out how the dolls & clowns play into it but whatever, it's fun to look at. The staff has always been very friendly and on point with their customer service. My glass is never empty, the buss boys are like ninja re-fillers. I love that they do table side guacamole and you can make it as mild or spicy as you like. Chips, salsa and bean dip come to the table when you first sit down. One of my favorite dishes here is their fajitas. Shrimp and/ or chicken. The tortillas are home made, you can't beat that! Fideo soup usually comes with an entree. I always add a little salsa for a kick. If you're celebrating a birthday be sure to let them know. They'll come on over and sing in English & Spanish. We always save room for some sopapillas too.
4	One of our favorite Mexican places in town. The handmade guac at the table is delicious, entree portion size leaves you full and the Margarita's are tasty. Good service and very good family crowd. Lots of creepy clown type figurines prevents the 5 star review...
4	Not bad.  Living in LA and having this place suggested for dinner, I thought 'meh', but it was pretty good.Very good service, an old building but clean - food was excellent, with homemade tortillas as a big plus!Nice to get away from the casinos, thanks Yelpers for the suggestion.
1	Not sure what experience former reviewers have with Mexican food but don't believe the positive reviews. This place was awful. Carnitas are stiff and smell like old feet, bland chicken tacos, bland enchiladas. Only positives were the shrimp which were decent at best and the homemade tortillas but what good is a tortilla if there's nothing tasty to put in it. If you're from la or sf skip and save your Mexican for cali. If you're from Vegas go anywhere else. There's no way it can be worse than this.
4	Prices are higher now but the quality of the food is still superb. I love the seafood cocktail and the fillet relleno(don't think I spelled it right.) It's very delicious and highly recommended. Food is 5 star. One star removal for the prices but I always go. Lol.
1	Truly awful.  If I had not eaten here, I would not have believed it was possible to mess up Mexican food this badly.  By comparison, Taco Bell gets at least two Michelin stars.Ambiance - A cut or two below Denny's, with Mexican colors.  The best I can say is that I didn't actually see any cockroaches.  There was some noise, which I assume was intended as music, but which sounded more like drunk UNLV students celebrating a basketball victory.Service - Quick and disinterested.  In fact, quick is an understatement.  The food appeared within less than a minute, and was obviously pre-cooked and sitting under a heat lamp in the kitchen.Food - Awful, awful, and more awful.  The tortilla chips were not fresh.  The guacamole had so much lime juice that it was nearly inedible (and I LOVE guacamole).  The soup tasted like equal parts dishwater and vinegar, with a thimbleful of ramen noodles thrown in.  My beef burrito had chunks of beef (God, I HOPE it was beef) that appeared to be boiled soup meat, although the tortilla was fresh.  Even the rice and beans tasted acidic.  The portions were small (no Woody Allen jokes here, please), and the prices (by Mexican restaurant standards) were no bargain.  Don't get me wrong - $8 for the guacamole and $10.50 for each Margarita is not ridiculous in and of itself, but by the time the check came I was thinking they should have paid me to eat here.
5	Great food this place did not upset especially since I'm visiting from California. I had enchiladas they were great the service was excellent food came soon after ordering they give you sopa and chips with beans and salsa while you are waiting I highly recommend this place
4	Great service and friendly staff; food is good and prices not bad $$. I will defenilly comeback again.
5	Everything you expect from a great Mexican restaurant.Very home-ish feel. Good food. Good service.Parking lot in front of the restaurant. No wait on Saturday night for dinner.Everyone in my party had something different and it was all delicious.  Will definitely be back.
4	Mexican food is a weakness of mine, especially since I'm supposed to et right for my blood type. However occasionally I will splurge and this is where I go! Now the food is always excellent and I enjoy the atmosphere and even though the prices are still higher than I think they should be its a good stop to fulfill the craving. I recently went to eat here with my husband,friend and little boy. The food came out hot and quick and they didn't miss a beat with filling our drinks. So they have great service. The only thing i wasn't found of is that the music was soooooo loud I couldn't hear my friend across the table. But that's really an observation rather than a complaint! I will I back again and bring friends.
5	I love love LOVE this place!!!! Great authentic Mexican restaurant.  Every time I'm in Vegas I make sure to stop here for some yummy food.
5	This place is super awesome! The service was great! Very attentive! The food was absolutely on point. Order the shrimp fajitas and they were delicious! Drinks were amazing and at a reasonable price! Homemade tortillas were delicious! Ugh loved it here! Would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends!
5	This is a new favorite place! The bf and I came here last night with my little brother and sister at the coaxing of my little brother for some bomb a** Mexican food. And boy was he right. Upon pulling up and seeing the parking lot was packed I got a little worried we would have to wait for a table but...NOPE. We were happily greeted by two pretty hostesses and taken to our table for 4. Our server arrived promptly, took our drink order, and even gave us a little free cup of their homemade guacamole (delicious!!!) after our chips and salsa arrived. It seemed we had multiple people waiting on us and making sure our drinks & chips were full. I appreciated that, a lot. Pretty cool that they were all having each others backs and truly their focus was on the guests dining experience. We ordered different varieties of the usual Mexican flare so I won't go into details describing it all. Everything was delicious and we were all happy with our food. One thing that I thought was pretty awesome and makes me want to go back for my birthday....they had a few people with birthdays while we were there. They make a HUGE spectacle with singing to you, complete with a sombrero and a free shot of tequila down the hatch!  Oh my gosh it was sooooo loud but ya know I didn't mind it, even though it wasn't for anyone at our table it was still fun to watch and even other guests joined in on singing the happy birthday. Pretty awesome!!! Will definitely be back here :)
4	Place is fire.. The atmosphere is a bit loud but food is amazing. Ceviche extremely fresh and the steak is on point
5	This is my favorite place to get Mexican food. I live in Salt Lake City and make it a point to come here at least once every time I come to Vegas. The guacamole is awesome, they make it fresh at your table.
5	There is no better mexican food in las vegas as far as I am concerned. The service is top notch the food is excellent and fast! Do yourself a favor and order the table side guacamole! You will not be disappointed !!
5	Superb Mexican food.  Although we had to take a cab there and we wanted to stop at the market before returning to our condo, the drove us to the market.  They did say that the sometime pickup and return customers to the strip, but not sure of details.
5	This is my favorite Mexican spot in Las Vegas. The menu is extensive, with items you don't see at every Mexican restaurant, many of which are specific to the Michoacan region.Right away, you'll notice the salsa and bean dip are great. Next, you'll notice the appetizer soup is flavorful. Then, you will certainly enjoy your entree, almost all of which are memorable and tasty. What's more, if you get the tableside guacamole, you won't be disappointed.As a vegan, I'll say you can't beat the veggie fajitas. Probably the best veggie fajitas I've ever had or heard of anywhere, which are an interesting and delicious assortment of vegetables, served up with homemade tortilas, flour or corn (you can't go wrong either way).For out of towners, this place is located conveniently about 5-10 minutes west of the Strip and, seeing how it is miles ahead of any Mexican restaurant at any casino, it is worth the short trip.
5	I love this place! My favorite dish is Camarones Dionisia! By the way ask for Juan the waiter he's the best!!!
4	I didn't know about this place until last Friday (valentines day)... I was very impressed of the authenticity of this restaurant; from fresh guacamole up to their delicious leche flan. My chicken mole is my only favorite Mexican dish and they simple hit my mark - very happy with it!! We'll recommend this place for sure.
4	Busy cozy colorful place with great Mexican food at a reasonable price. Lots of  blue collar workers have lunch here. They know good food.
5	came in to vegas for vacation, i ask a local were to go for good mariscos. he was dead on this place was great.  good food good service great beer
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Great Fideo soup, enchiladas and tamales. Don't forget to try the Sophie's
5	Food was great. Had steak and shrimp combo. Servcie was outstanding (Richard). Highly recommend.
5	I have been there 10 plus times now and still have never had a meal that wasn't outstanding.  Best authentic Mexican I have ever had and I travel the us for a living.  Just ask the server Richard for his favorite and you will never be disappointed.
4	Fun place to celebrate a birthday because they sing to you and give you a sombrero to wear and maracas to shake. The mariachi guys take requests of regular songs too. They serve complimentary warm bean dip and spicy salsa with fresh tortilla chips. Fast service even when it is crowded. Authentic decor but the booth table was too high even for my tall husband. The fried shredded beef tacos are awesome! Good enchiladas, rice and beans.
5	Everything about this place was amazing!Food selection and quality, service, bustling vibe, etc. Experience here will be something you never expected from a Mexican restaurant.Tacos de Camarones (deep fried shrimp tacos) was super tasty.Parking lot is huge, but it's always packed. You'll see why, on your first visit.
4	The service is top-notch and as far as Mexican restaurants go this is one of the better spots in Vegas. The decor is bright and fun with a cheerful atmosphere. They have an extensive menu with a nice selection of seafood. I've tried the orange roughy and the camarones a la diabla but my go-to is the red snapper. It's a whole fish served fried or in garlic sauce with rice, salad and french fires. You can sub for beans or veggies. I usually do, it just doesn't feel like fries are the best option for this meal.The guac is good and they serve a habanero salsa with a nice kick. It's not the standard salsa that comes to the table with the chips and bean dip, but if you request it they are happy to comply. There are no taps at the bar and the bottle selection is limited. The beer is not the main attraction at this bar, it's all about the margarita.
5	Homemade tortillas are sooo good. Get the fundido, it's in the classic style. I grew up in So Cal, and it's really hard to find good Mexican food around vegas (at least to meet my standards!) This place does not disappoint.
3	The food here is good service is fast a good place for lunch. We would come back here to try the dinner try the cheese cake burrito it's really good
5	I went with a friend because I was really craving tacos and margaritas. I think we went on a Saturday night around 10pm. There was no wait. The tacos were really good. The margarita with the 7oz corona with it was amazing! I seriously couldn't love the taste of it more! I definitely want to come back here again. The staff was also friendly.
5	Love the fish in a foil! Ask for Richard, he's the bomb! Oh and try the top shelf margarita....
5	This is a place that my friends from California really like to go to.  The service is quite excellent where when you get chips you get salsa as well as bean dip.  When ordering food I suggest you get the Flour tortillas to be used because they taste so much better than the corn ones where the nachos are very delicious where they don't skip out on anything in it.  I ordered the Flautas (which are nicer taquitos) and it was really really good.
5	Great service and food as always. Can't go to Vegas without stopping here to recover after a long night. I had the Pollo Del Res. The veggies were so fresh with tender shredded white meat chicken. The tortillas both corn and flour are made fresh. I highly recommend!
5	Real authentic Mexican food. If your looking for something off the strip and want a family style restaurant, this is the place to be!
5	Steak cilantro was amazing. Went on cinco de mayo. Being a Mexican restaurant, it was busy, but in 20 minutes we were seated and had our drinks.THE STEAK. WAS THE BEST!!!!! I had chile relleno and it was delicious and... Delish. Do not miss steak cilantro! We stuffed ourselves with guacamole and their fabulous bean dip so we were already kind of full. Totally worth the short wait. I recommend this to anyone who likes Mexican food. Large menus ensure everybody gets what they are looking for and even if they don't know, it's safe to try something new!
2	Came here for Mother's day 2014. Sign said open at 9am, but the doors were still locked.  As we were walking a lady said the door will open shortly.  9:15 the door finally open, guess who opened the door...yup the lady that was walking from her car.  Can you say getting to work late?!Anyways we order chilaquiles, one with red sauce and the other with green sauce with eggs.   It was okay.Two kids plate,  one had a long hair in the rice. Yuk as my daughter commented.  They comp one of the kids meal and gave her a plate of new rice.Julio did an excellent job, but the women Griselda (i think that is how you spell her name) was rude. She didn't acknowledge when we ask for things and her body language came across very negative.  What a disappointment since it was our first and probably will be our last time here. Thanks for an unforgettable start to mother's day. Glad we still have the entire day to make more memories.
4	I moved to Las Vegas from Phoenix where excellent Mexican food is very common. Which surprisingly, is not the case for Las Vegas. But alas, after almost 3 years in sin city and my search for a great Mexican spot has finally ended........and although i cant pronounce the name of this joint, it is delicious! and not over priced! Make sure to get the guacamole! (SP?)  Hand made to your taste, right at your table, just how it is suppose to be made! I have only been there on one occasion and it was packed, which is understandable, however i don't enjoy eating in overly crowded restaurants (which is the only thing holding back from a 5 star rating)
4	I'm sureee there's lots of opinion on best Mexican restaurant here in Vegas..let's review bonito Michoacan. NOT to be confused with, lindo Michoacan, that's just wrong. Atmosphere 8/10. Menu 8/10. Customer service 8/10. Trust me, if you want good Mexican food, I don't see how you'll leave this place disappointed, yes I've had better, but not in this city. So let's be fair, when it comes to providing all of the good stuff like tacos and tostadas, you'll find that here. I love the live music and friendly staff, adds to the experience. Get a margarita here because they do that veryyy well. Good food, good atmosphere, and nice staff...all three aren't easy to find.
5	This place was really amazing. They have a great menu and very creative dishes. I had the fillet relleno, wash it down with a ice cold michelada and you're set.
5	Excellent dining experience. The ceviche was awesome, carne asada dinner was one of the best I've ever had! Very nice service staff, everyone had a smile and kept our drinks and chips full. The gentleman providing the music on the keyboard was very talented. We gave him a $20 tip! It really set the mood for a authentic Mexican dining atmosphere. Whenever I come back to LV, this is a must stop for us!
1	Well, I think I know why their other location closed down...We had very bad customer service this time around. We have been to the other location that got closed down (Viva Michoacan in Henderson). It took forever for them to take our order, the waiter forgot about my guacamole & sour cream, they forgot to refill my boyfriend's soda and my friend pronounced the very long Spanish word that supposedly earned him a free margarita...which they never brought.Yes, I'm Mexican so let me say that the food is mediocre. I think you'd had better luck going to Pepe's Tacos down the street. The beans needed salt and. I felt that they were like Rosarito beans that you get from a can and just heat up. I don't understand why all their burritos are smothered in sauce and cheese. that's more of a enchilada...and if I wanted an enchilada I'd order one. A burrito is meant to be eaten with hands, not with a fork.
4	Very delicious restaurant with great service.  Our drinks were always full, the food came out fast,  and for the price it was a good place. I'm giving it 4 stats because the chips and salsa were so - so and my chicken was dry but the carne asada steak was amazing!!
5	So I'm here now & I got a steak that came with rice , beans , cheese enchilada & guacamole . It's amazing def will come back service is great as well :)
5	I came here for dinner once. Their Carne asada was really good and guacamole amazing.  You must try this place out!
5	Went here for lunch with my co-workers and it was a great experience. The food is phenomenal and the service is top notch. We will definitely be returning for lunch and I plan to bring my family in for dinner some time as well. Definitely worth a visit!
5	I've been in vegas for almost 8 yrs and me and my family just haven't found good Mexican food like in Los Angeles until yesterday . For my birthday we came here and the food was really good , authentic , the place was clean , the service was great !! We will be back!!
4	Service was good, food was okay I'd give it 3. Stars for food and 4 for service. The guacamole was really good- got some fresh homemade tortillas to go with it. I got a veggie burrito and I heard the chicken enchiladas were okay.
1	Went to dinner here last night for my birthday. We had previously eaten here in May, 2013. That time we enjoyed the meal very much and planned on going back again for a special occasion. This time in no way resembled the previous experience. I had the # 1 combination of chile rellenos, chicken enchilada, and a beef taco. The rellenos was covered in some generic tomato sauce and was bland tasting. The cheese was very stringy and tasteless. The enchilada was so-so and the beef taco was almost Inedible. Beef was dry and the taco shell was hard as a rock. My date had a green chile burrito that had big chunks of pork instead of shredded, the chicken taco also had big chunks of chicken instead of shredded, and her cheese enchilada was basically a tortilla rolled up with sauce and cheese on top. She didn't care for any of it. She also ordered sopapillas to be served with our meal, and they showed up 15 minutes after the entree. When we asked where they were the waitress said they were "cooking them fresh".The bean dip was also bland and the chips were stale. Being a Specialty Room Chef in Las Vegas for over 20 years, I know good food. My hunch is that management has sourced cheaper product to cut cost and the quality dropped immensely, or the kitchen staff totally changed and doesn't produce the same quality as the staff from last year's visit. Lastly the table in our booth wobbled and we felt like we were sitting way to low, with the table height up to chest level because of the worn out seating. Also the music could drop a few decibels. It's not a nightclub. Needless to say I would never go back. Chipotle or even Taco Bell would be a preferred dining choice.
4	I really like the food here.  My standard is the Tacos con Carne Asada.  It;s very similar to Tacos al Carbon which is grilled meat, with rice & beans.  I also like the bean dip and salsa they provide for free. Refills are no problem and the service when I've there (3 times) has been quick and friendly.  The last two times there was a guy on an electric keyboard playing which was (ahem) interesting.  Depends on your musical taste, but played a lot of cheesy 70's toons.  Overall solid choice for Mexican, I'll be back.
5	Bonito Michoacan is simply the best. We come here every time we come here everytime we come to visit from California. Everything is absoultely delicious and we bring everyone here everytime we come. Homemade fresh delicious taste this restaraunt can not be beat. It is the best mexican food in all of Las Vegas Nevada.
4	I really like the food here. the restaurant itself is really cute from the outside looks like something that belongs in Mexico! I love itthey sang me happy birthday with a full mariachi it sounded like. the staff is really nice and attentive. good place to come if your in Vegas and in the mood for some Mexican food.
5	First time i been there honesty the waiters are very nice and the food taste so good. Shrimp cocktail is alright to compare to others i have. Tostadas of shrimp are the bomb and also we had other plates which i heard they were  delicious. Agua frescas were good. I would recommend to someone else to come and eat there.
5	OMG I'm in LOVE with this place. I grew up and lived in this area and have been going to Bonito Michoacan for years. It's the best mexican restaurant that I know of in Las Vegas. I always start off with thethe part. Their steak pacado is my #1 dish!! I love this place so much that everytime my husband asks me where we want to go on my birthday I choose Bonito! MMM! 5 stars all the way!
4	Good, solid food- a cross between Tex-Mex and authentic Mexican, definitely a place that caters to both American and Mexican tastes- the menu is HUGE! Chips and salsa are outstanding as is the guacamole. I had enchiladas and they were awesome, beans and rice typical. Vibe is great and waitstaff are wonderful. I will definitely be back!
4	The service here is just excellent! Fast and efficient.. the food was a little bland but the service makes up for it.. glad we stopped by before our drive back to Cali. Totally worth it!
3	I don't remember what the specific name of dessert but it was their version of bananas foster was $7 and worth it ... perfect amount of bananas ice cream and alcohol.
5	The husband and I came here on a whim because I had an overwhelming craving for Mexican food. We searched via yelp and luckily were just down the street. Juan might be the best server we have ever encountered- he was fun and personable. The food was authentic Mexican, genuine Michoacan flavor! We had the carnitas plate and eggs with shredded pork, highly recommend both dishes and this restaurant. We've decided to make this a tradition and stop here every time we come to Vegas!
5	The lunch was outstanding!  My wife had the Chicken Sopes, I had the De Cammaron Cocktail with shrimp, oysters and squid!  The serves was good, the bus girl Monica looked unhappy and had frown on her face the whole time.  In the past we have had Pedro as the bus boy and that guy set the bar high with great service and a smile, Monica not so much!It was one of the best lunches in town, I  would recommend their food to everyone!
5	Absolutely the best Mexican food in Las Vegas!  We always stop here when we are in town and it never disappoints!  Juan has hot to be one of the waiters I've ever had.  Upbeat and fun!  Great food!  All around great time!
5	I'm from California and will travel to Las Vegas just to have breakfast, lunch, dinner and drinks... This restaurant is worth the drive!The old saying in Vegas "Save water, drink Margaritas!" Love the cheesy bean dip, fresh avocado dip, and fresh tortillas... OMG soo good! I must go back ASAP!
5	This is a great place for lunch.  You can have a ten minute or sixty minute lunch, up to you - the staff will meet you half way on whatever YOU WANT.  Be sure to ask for Violetta, she gives the best service and is so pleasant, you'll want to come every day.  Ask for a bowl of the special picante sauce that they make daily and be sure to get the guacamole made table side.  Other than that, get what  you are hankering for because all of the food is good.  Don't miss this place - can't beat the price/quality mix!  ENJOY!
5	Had lunch here yesterday before heading back to LA. Ordered camarones a la diabla. Service was great.
5	This place is fantastic. Very Mexican looking, a large restaurant with plenty of seating.Staff is wonderful and very attentive all the time. They have an extensive menu and their food is really good.They even make plates that are not listed in the menu. I always get the "Pollo Milanesa".They have a live band as well.Their tortillas are so so so fresh and so so so yummy. You can have a soup with your plate as well.Their prices are great and you get a lot of food. Their chips are really good and they come with salsa and bean dip.
5	Fantastic place!!! Mexican people is very positive, friendly and funny! Food is delicious and atmosphere is super romantic!!! Also here is some photographer who can take a pictures, very pretty woman:)Absolutely love!! Highly recommended!)
5	Had a large party. 15 people. Very accommodating. Great food. Great service. Good prices.
5	We've been going to Bonito's for a few years and I'm not sure why I haven't added a review yet.. Anyways the food is great, the staff is friendly and it's a fun place to go.  Juan the waiter is a superstar and I think he has quite a following.  Always hugs both my husband and I when we arrive and leave.The guacamole made at your table is so good, and last night I tried their ceviche for the first time and that too was yummy!  Of course the margaritas aren't bad either!  Love this place!
5	This is the best Mexican food I've ever tasted in Las Vegas . Their ceviche was delicious and their table made guacamole was even better . I recommend this place to any and everyone . And their customer service was awesome .
5	I have been on the search for a great Mexican restaurant ever since I moved back here a few months ago & THIS IS IT! I feel like I am in Mexico every time I go. The atmosphere is great. The staff are friendly. The place is clean. The location, super easy to find. Good parking spots. Firstly, the chips & salsa they serve when you first sit down are delicious. They also serve BEAN DIP! We always get the guacamole as well & it is made table side! Be careful not to eat too much & stuff yourself before you even order, like I always do. The menu is so big, it always takes me a while to decide. They have a combination menu for people like me who can't decide on what to get. Last time I got the beef taco & cheese enchilada combination, which is served with rice and beans. They also have a great desert menu! I forgot what the name was, but we ordered the Fried ice cream with bananas around it. It was delicious! Also, their margaritas are exceptionally good. Definitely going here any time I want good Mexican food in Las Vegas.
5	Fan-friggin-tastic. get the chicken they recommend - it's a mind blower! Menu is insanely difficult to navigate so I just asked for a recommendation and poof, it was killer good. The best Mexican food I have ever eaten.
4	Great food. Good drinks. Closest to my mother in laws home cooked meal that I have found. Love the live music on the weekend. Great place for large groups.my favorite is the menudo on the weekends. The shrimp cocktail is yummy to.
5	My experience here with my family was outstanding. Our waiter was hilarious and he really took care of us. All of our food was SO flavorful and obviously cooked with care. I'm writing this review two years after the fact, so I know that I am leaving out some parts of our experience here, but all I can remember is how delicious and wonderful everything was. Go here, please.
5	OMG the best, freshest truly truly authentic Mexican food this side of the border.  The pina coladas were to die for; to die for.  The ceviche was HUGE and out of this world fresh.  Real fresh fish!  I had to leave a little to make room for the Mole Poblano which was amazing.  My husband had fish tacos and I never heard him surface for air the entire meal.  The staff is super cool, too.  Beautiful atmosphere, super authentic.  The bathrooms are so cute!!  Super clean, too.  Will most definitely go to again and again!!!
5	Seriously! Why would anyone ever go to Lindo.... So they can pay double for 1/2 the flavor?  Bonitos is the best.  Cheap, yummy, fun, great service! Eat here!Get the pollo sarendeado tia esther!
4	The restaurant is a classic family owned mexican cantina vibe with quality food and a fun atmosphere. The menu is large and the drinks are strong. Definite a solid place to check out.
1	Second time here and never will I return. Service is good drinks r good. But there food is just not my type.  Got chicken Chipotle last time n was just tomatoe sauce. Got drunk shrimp today and had no flavor. Sent it back to add some spices still the same. Only ate 1 shrimp that's how bad it was. Sorry but I'm from southern California and this is more for different type of people
4	It was really good. The service is excellent and it has some pretty cool ornaments; nice ambiance. We had the carne asada plate which was delicious. My gf had the menudowhich was not bad, just a bit too much fat on the menudo. The bring you chips, salsa and frijolitos mmmmm really good! It could use a bit more lighting in some areas.  They got this old guy playing music  from back in days.... de la era del caldo lol.
2	It took more than 45 minutes to get our food. When it finally arrived, 3 of our 4 meals were cold. No dishes were amazing - disappointing considering the higher than average price.
5	Free Margarita with check in.  I got the steak with cheese enchilada, rice, and beans.  It also came with your choice of tortillas.  The complementary soup of fideo was to delicious!!! I would come back here again.  There are TVs throughout the place for game action too.
5	This place is the best Mexican food I've found since moving to Vegas! It's Mexican food that is up to par with my favorite Mexican food from LA. I'm so happy to hAve found this gem and can't wait to go back. I had their strawberry margarita, but the bartender told me to try the prickly pear (I think that's what she said) next time and of course I will! The chips, salsa and bean dip was my for sure favorite. Although a little more chorizo in that bean dip would make it even better!See you soon!
4	Great place for music, drinks and mariscos very friendly. Friends and I stop by for dinner on our vacation to vegas we had verity of food.  Coctel de camaron, agua chile, ostiones, camarones al mojo de ajo, margaritas, vampiros everything was as expected good great taste drinks on point, deftly will eat at this please on my next vacation to sin city.
4	Love the atmosphere! The waters are so upbeat and fun and the food is really good! They also have a great view of all the pretty lights from the strip. Careful though they really like to up sell.
5	If you were a fan of Viva Michoacan on Sunset, you're probably still crying about its close.  Well, dry those tears!  This place has recipes that are similar, if not the same, as Viva!  The soup, tortillas, and dishes like Shrimp Dionisia and Chicken Zirahuen are to die for.  And the service!  Our waiter was so nice - you truly feel welcome there.  And if that wasn't enough, there was a man playing music, too!  Excellent Mexican food, excellent service, and prices way better than the Lindo in GVR.  We will drive out of our way to Bonita whenever we want the best.  PS- Football fans - there are TVs everywhere!
2	...sighThere was a time when eating at this restaurant was the best part of my Vegas trip. My stomach still feels that way, but my wallet no longer agrees.While their "Queso Fundido" is still one of the best in the American Southwest, don't expect the same level of quality from their sub-par Margarita.Aside from being "slurpee-esque," the price almost made me choke on the free chips (which are a major saving-grace). $12 for a SINGLE MARGARITA?!The two I ordered drove the bill up by almost $25! For that price, I'll hire a LADY named Margarita to love me for the night (or hour).Also, as big as the cheese skillets were, they brought a mere 3 tortillas for us ravenous patrons to savagely fight over. When we asked for more, we still had to wait another 10 minutes, all the while staring at the delicious but forbidden cheese sitting before us!It's not like we could use our hands! Utensils are what seperate us from the animals!
5	Very nice place for lunch!!!  Fast service,great food and awesome employees.(teamwork) everybody want you to feel comfortable and in family.thanxs so much Lalo and all the team for a great time.
3	Came here after recommendation from others as well as seeing the reviews on Yelp.First off, the starter chips and refried beans/salsa are great. They come quickly, taste fantastic, and are plentiful.Service is also great - I found it hard to reach the bottom of my glass before refills, waiters were (sincerely) friendly, etc.Soon after ordering they brought an appetizer of spaghetti soup(?) which was way too salty for my taste.I had ordered the fajita, which was just okay. The beans/rice/guac that came with were high quality but pretty sparse. It came with some pretty amazing flour tortillas though, which really carried the meal.Flan topped off my lunch here for dessert. It was definitely too sweet and soft for my taste, but was edible.
4	How awesome is it you get a free margarita with just your check-in! This is not a watered-down drink...it's a delicious and refreshing blended margarita!Anyways... onto the review. As usual, I will split the review is three basic areas:Facilities: Very clean and inviting, with an authentic flair. Sitting in this restaurant makes you forget you are in Vegas! Centrally located, its a great restaurant to visit if you are in the mood for some great food.Service: There is an opportunity in this area. Although our drinks were always full and bussing was prompt, the staff could have been a bit friendlier. Do not expect smiles from your waiter.Food: Probably some of the best Mexican food in Vegas. Any item on the menu is fresh and delicious! Do yourself a favor and try and try either the chicken or the steak with cognac sauce... it is out of this world!!!
4	I sure like this place.  It's the "go-to" Mexican restaurant for meeting friends in Las Vegas.  I've been four times.  It's been excellent every time.Service is outstanding.  Quick friendly seating, attentive waitstaff, and an eagerness to get everything right.  I once had a dish that wasn't as hot as I wanted and they fell over themselves to please me -- getting it exactly right the second time.  I don't eat onions.  No problema.  I want extra sauce, or sauce on the side, or extra jalapenos.  No problema.My latest visit, with my good friend Andrei, was typical.  I had a monstrously large Caldo de Pollo (Chicken Soup) as a dinner.  Wonderfully ample white meat chicken -- at least a breast, maybe a breast and a half.  The cilantro was fresh.  The other spices delicious.  My friends garlic chicken was similarly spectacular -- even without the red peppers he's allergic to.  All the chips, salsa, and guac that you could want.  And a price that left money for our main purpose -- playing poker.I love variety.  And Las Vegas probably has more Mexican restaurants than any city, including Mexico D.F..  Even so, a trip to this city always includes a trip to this restaurant -- so sure am I of getting a high quality, reasonably priced, delicious meal.
5	Excellent guac, and the shrimp and avocado salad was delicious. Very busy with locals for lunch.
5	My family and I absolutely love Mexican food and this is a great spot we've been coming to for years! The margaritas are very delicious and the food is quite traditional!The staff is very attentive and I look forward to coming back very soon!
4	This is very good quality food and excellent service!I have been here several times before, this particular visit I was a little disappointed with the bean dip. I look so forward to the chips, salsa, and bean dip that is served when you are seated. Usually it is AMAZING and I dive in like a maniac! Today the beans were hard and dry, just not good at all.Chips and salsa were still good though..... just a bad day for the beans I guess.Today, my husband and I shared the Parrillada de Marisco. A huge platter of shrimp, crab, fish, and rice.A very good value for $45. There was shrimp prepared different ways, butterflied and fried (which was very tasty) bacon wrapped (wasn't my absolute favorite) shrimp in enchilada sauce (very good, especially when eaten with the fabulous rice in the center of the platter)There was not a lot of crab. One bunch of snow crab legs... they were nice and sweet though. A large Tilapia filet in a butter sauce, which was very good. Wonderful creamy rice piled right in the center of the tray.Then on the side they serve an amazing queso and warm fresh homemade tortillas!We accompanied our Parrillada de Marisco feast with a couple of shots of tequila, 1942 and it was FABULOUS!!! Pricey tequila shots, but good!!!
