5	This is a new restaurant in downtown Mesa (I know... really?) that from the outside looks slightly better than a Denny's in South Phoenix. We were a bit skeptical about even getting out of our car because the bar next to it didn't seem to have the friendliest patrons.The inside is very inviting, warm and unique. But, where was everybody? The place was empty and we were immediately seated at 7PM on a Saturday night. Local artists' paintings are found on the walls which are just down right cool. A live band played  a nice array of jazz but were soft enough that we could still hear each other talk.Our waiter, who was also the sommelier, was spot on with recommendations of wine, starters and entrees. Service was outstanding throughout our whole dining experience.We started with the Classico Bruschetta and Caprese Salad. The Bruschetta was delicious and didn't have that typically over toasted bread. The Caprese Salad was equally as good and the Mozzarella was fresh. For entrees we had the il Vinaio Pomodoro Angel Hair Pasta and Buttered Gnocchi. The pasta was light and refreshing for a pasta dish. The gnocchi, which are typically heavy, were surprisingly light as well. The portion size was also just right. Our friends had the Pork Chop and Rigatoni. The Pork Chop was huge and could be easily shared. Although I didn't try either dish, I was told they were amazing. The only unfortunate part of the evening was that we were all too full to have desert... we'll skip the fresh bread basket next time.So, would I recommend this restaurant to my friends and family? Most definitely. I hope you give this place a shot and have a similar experience. And, I hope they get enough business to stay afloat because I plan on visiting again and again.
5	This is a very nice addition to the downtown Mesa landscape.  Great food, great room.  It's hard to explain the nuances of the place, but the web site will give you a pretty good sense.  The vibe, food, music are all good.In the evenings, the owners are very visible.  When you are there, you basically feel like you are at a house party at their house.  The servers are all very upbeat as if they like being there also.  The night I was there, guitarist Carmine D'Amico was leading a jazz quartet that sounded great.  Carmine is studio legend who retired to Arizona after living in New York for his entire life.I'm not a wine expert, but friends who were there were very happy with their choices.I had a rigatoni dinner with marinated tenderloin tips, artichokes and some other veggies mixed in.  It was really, really good.  Not your everyday pasta.  Apparently, the dinner menu is created by the chef who came over from the Roaring Fork.  I believe it.I also went in for breakfast.  The room seemed to have lost a little bit of the vibe and was much more of just a restaurant.  I'm not sure if the new chef put together the menu as it seemed to be pretty standard fare.  Nonetheless, my wife was very happy with her salad and I had a really nice breakfast wrap.The other reviewer who said that the place seems like Denny's on the outside is spot on.  In fact, the place used to be a diner.  The new people have done wonders transforming the inside.I wouldn't necessarily consider the breakfast a 5-star experience, but dinner is without a doubt.If you like the finer things and want a place to become a regular where you can relax and feel comfortable, this is a good place to check out.
1	I am so sorry that I have to write such a negative review of this new restaurant, because it's family owned and operated, and clearly trying hard to provide an upscale experience in a less-than-optimal atmosphere.  However, Il Vinaio missed the mark at every given opportunity.I came in for a group event that had been scheduled as a wine tasting with wine samples and a cheese/fruit/nut appetizer included for $15 a head.  When our party arrived, we were informed by our host that a different large party had also booked a wine tasting, and would be sitting in the semi-private area, and would be doing a wine tasting so we could not.  I have yet to receive an explanation on why we could not do our wine tasting simply because another party was doing one simultaneously.  Needless to say, this immediately dampened the mood.Our server, who I gather was the restaurant owner, was pushy with having us order two bottles straightaway, though our entire party had not arrived, instead of by the glass, and this theme continued through the evening.  He continually seemed irritated that we were not ordering as much as he would have liked us to, or that it took us time to decide which dishes to order, etc.  We all agreed that he was a bit snippy, and he didn't provide us much in the way of recommendations.The wine itself was fine, particularly the Schloss Riesling, and the food was decent, as well, with very generous portions.  The cheese plate was good, but it was not impressive that the female owner was not able to tell us what cheeses had been served to us when she came over to ask us how our experience had been.  The cheese plate was the one thing we all raved about and wanted more information on, and all she had to say was, "we serve lots of cheeses and mix it up. I think there was a blue cheese that was made in a cave."  That was disappointing, and I expected much more from an owner.As stated in other reviews, from the outside, it looks like an old Marie Callender's or Furr's Cafeteria or something of that ilk.  Even inside, you can tell that it was once a place that had a buffet, and was clearly built in the early 70's.  However, you can see that effort has gone into revamping it, and it's decent.  Not great, but decent.  At least it has its own parking lot.  It was so disappointing to have our plans changed for us and then to have less-than-stellar service as a result.  We all spent more per person than intended, and did not receive what we had reserved our table for.  The service by both owners did not seem very personalized or knowledgable, and that is the opposite of what I'm looking for when I visit a more upscale wine bistro.  I don't think I'll be back, and it's really too bad.
5	Sublime. The food, the wine, the service is absolutely sublime. I have discovered the gateway to heaven in downtown Mesa and it is not located at the Temple Center. What was once a Coco's, is now a wonderful bistro wiith exceptional food and wine. This review will go on for sometime, so I just cut to the juicy parts so you don't have to wade through all my dribble -awesome, yes awesome food, great wine and even better prices. $17 ribeye...Now, for my waxing on about how much I love this restaurant! We started with the bruschetta which was excellent and I tried the wine flight - Viognier. The tasting was fantastic. Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgable about wine. It was a great education. The walls of the restaurant have sayings from long ago writers - and one in particular stands out- Wine is poetry and Il Vinaio's wine choices are in fact poetry. From our appetizer we moved on to the main entrees and had the rib eye and pasta dish. Both portions were very generous and WOW, tasty!  However, we were too stuffed - ahh, yes you can't take me anywhere - for dessert. The options sounded fantastic including the crepes the chef offered to make. All in all, I have not had such a delightful meal in quite some time. I am definitely returning and will be attending the New Year's Eve party. Join me and we can toast the New Year!
4	This used to be the Mesa Eatery and was dying a slow death. The new owners have turned it around 100%. I have only had breakfast here, which has improved a little. The prices are still astonishingly low, and the service is reasonable (really depends on how busy they are). The atmosphere in here is fantastic - they gutted and rebuilt this place. It no longer looks like a rundown 1950's Big Boy and now resembles a chic wine bar. Have you ever had breakfast on a couch? They still need to update the bathrooms, but I can live with them just being clean.Try this for breakfast!
5	I am officially in a deep passionate food embrace with Il Vinaio and I don't see this liplock breaking off anytime soon. The espousa and I went for a 6 course wine pairing on a Thursday night.  The dinner was six courses of seafood. We started with an amazing scallop dish, a tuna tartar, seared shrimp, halibut and steak and ended with a grilled pineapple and shortcake. With each course a glass of wine from prosecco to a syrah to a white port. Absolutely mouth watering fabulous, stellar, delicious, i could go on but you probably get the point! The wine pairings are a monthly event. I found the wines unique and not your run of the mill choices. We were seated at a long table with all the patrons who had reserved for the event. The owners of the restaurant joined in as well and the conversation was enjoyable and lively. A true diverse group who enjoyed wine. As new course arrived, there was a brief explanation of the wine served which was interesting without being too much information or taking away from the flow of the conversation. All and all, a very enjoyable evening. Thanks Il Vinaio.
5	This is a breakfast review only.  Haven't been for dinner yet, but after today's breakfast experience, we're definitely coming back for dinner.Decided to take a break from our usual Sunday breakfast at Crackers & Co (another GREAT local choice for breakfast, but I digress) and give Il Vinaio a try.  It's quite near Zombie Girl's house and the breakfast menu was interesting, and surprisingly cheap for a joint that is obviously somewhat upscale at the dinner hour.I had Eggs Benny, and it was the best I'd had in quite some time.  The hollandaise sauce, which can make or break a Benny breakfast, was outstanding.  The eggs were poached just right - firm with just a slight run to them, but not too wet or hard.  The potatoes were just OK, but that was fine because the main attraction was so perfect.  I also had a side of bacon (only $2.50 for 4 nice large thick slices), and it was outstanding as well.  Throw in friendly, attentive service, a nice atmosphere, and dirt-cheap pricing, and you have an outstanding breakfast experience.We'll head back for dinner soon and I'll update my review then.  In the meantime, I highly recommend Il Vinaio for breakfast.. check it out!
5	Il Vinaio has become my personal chef, sommelier, wine cellar and all around slice of heaven. I have attended their monthly wine pairings and have found them to be incredible. The food and wine is great and the company is fantastic. I leave thrilled with a great meal, a bottle or two of wine, new friends and fondly looking forward to the next dinner. Weekly dinners are fantastic here. The week day specials convince me I should never eat at home again..I'm good with that. Monday is 2 dinners and a bottle of wine for $50...Quality wise this beats Subways $5 subs hands down! Given my passionate food embrace of Il Vinaio it will come as no surprise that I am a member of their wine club. It is fantastic. I am truly a more complete person for having discovered Il Vinaio - join me in!
5	I read the reviews, looked at the pictures, but still did not expect the dining experience I had at Il Vinaio.  The atmosphere was very lively, with several different guys getting up to sing and a live band playing some Italian tunes.We started out with the share platter, which was a great starter. The veggies and soppressata all seemed fresh, and with a glass of wine could probably satisfy the needs of a couple light eaters.  For our entree we chose the rigatoni with tenderloin tips and the braised pork shank.  It has been a long time since I had a pork shank, but I don't recall it being as tender and juicy as this one.  Rigatoni was excellent as well.  There wasn't one thing on either of our plates that I would have given under 4 stars.  Couple that with great service and a fun atmosphere, and Il Vinaio has given me a good reason to occasionally visit Mesa.
2	Rating would have been a 5* after our initial visit last week, but after tonight, it goes down to just 2*.  They had a "special" going that got you 2 entrees and any bottle of wine for $50, however, they were out of four of the bottles we asked for, and would not recommend any of the other Reds...needless to say, we passed on the "special" and just ordered our meal.  When my wife asked to substitute the onions on her steak (there were a ton) for another vegetable, the waitress got snippy with us, and said she would ask.  When we got our meal, instead of a different veggie, there was none, essentially her (tiny) steak and a serving of potatos, and that was it.  The bad part was that the waitress never bothered to ask if that was ok, just brought the food and said that they preferred not to make the onions since we said we wanted something else!Overall, an extremely disappointing experience...too bad too, because our last visit was great.
5	This is for the review of the Donut and Beer tasting that the restaurant had in March. Shockingly, I was horrified by the prospect of beer and donuts..had my new restaurant crush lost its' ever livin' mind?  Au contraire, mon frere, I think not! Honestly, Dunkin Donuts needs to install a tap and get the beer flowing or better yet, Il Vinaio's amazing maestro in the kitchen can teach the world a thing or two about pairing flavors! Chocolate donuts with oatmeal stout and ricotta fritters and hefeweizen are awesome, not like "Dude, this is so awesome", more like the melding of flavors made the sky open and I was one with the almighty, Awesome. yeah, that kind of awesome. Il Vinaio's knows its flavors and I am now a true blue believer in donuts and beer, a meal for any time of day.
4	Downtown Mesa isn't normally known for higher quality food or destination restaurants, but Il Vinaio is looking to buck that trend. It doesn't look like much from the outside and resides in an older building which resembles a diner built circa 1965. Inside, however, is a whole different story. The restaurant has a large area in the middle that is mainly open and provides room for the live music. The upper part of the central area has wine related quotes on the walls. It's a nice touch and it adds some airiness to the layout. On either side of this central area is more seating. The tables are cozy and some even have small loveseat-like benched pulled up to them on one side. This was a nice touch and my date and I were able to sit next side by side and view the band (and each other) well. That set up is also conducive for sharing food.There is a bar in the back corner of the restaurant and that seemed to be the most popular spot because there were only a few other patrons in the restaurant outside of the bar area (pretty empty for a Friday night). The live music is a nice touch, but it can get a little loud, so I'd recommend sitting away from the center of the restaurant if you want any chance of carrying on a conversation.The wine list is a nice size and is good quality overall. Prices were kind of all over the map: from 1.5 - 3.0x retail. I was pleasantly surprised to see a Consilience Syrah on the menu ($11/glass), so we ordered that. It was absolutely lovely, with rich fruit and a smooth, lingering finish.The food is basically a hodgepodge of Italian meets Greek meets Spanish combined with a little bit of whatever the chef feels like today. The menu broken in to Starters (apps and salads) and Entrees (fish, meat, and pasta dishes). As you know, I'm a fan of sharing food because it means you get to try more from the menu. Here's a rundown of what we ordered:    * Classico Bruschetta - This was pretty much what you'd expect ingredient-wise: tomatoes, garlic, basil, and Parmesan on toasted bread. However, this was probably the best bruschetta I've ever eaten (and I've had my share, trust me). The bread was toasted perfected in olive oil; slightly crunchy on the outside, yet soft in the middle. The tomatoes were so juicy and flavorful that we were fighting over them. The one warning I will give is that there is no lack of garlic on this.    *  Caesar Salad - Perfect size for sharing. This came with more of those yummy diced tomatoes on top, which I like on a Caesar. The dressing was very nice, with just enough pureed anchovies and garlic to give it a little kick without killing it. Croutons were good, but not great.    * Pasta Pomodoro -Angel hair pasta with fresh tomatoes (you sensing a meal theme here yet?), garlic, basil, and olive oil. Again, the tomatoes just rocked our world. The server split our dish for us, too, which I always appreciate. The pasta was good, but actually a tad bland. I rarely add salt to food after it's cooked, but this dish needed some and a dose of pepper flakes, too.     * Individual Apple Pie - The server may have been trying to get into my date's good graces as this dessert just appeared without us ordering it. We weren't complaining, though, because it was very good. Basically, it was a large ramekin lined with puff pasty, filled with apple pie goodness, and baked. Then topped with vanilla bean ice cream and a little caramel. The pastry was awesome as was the ice cream. The apples were good, but it was a bit much for me after the prior 3 courses. We put a nice dent in it, tho...Final Take The service was really top notch and very attentive. The food was solid and the wine selection was very good (beer choices are nice, too). Now whether downtown Mesa is ready for what Il Vinaio is offering is another story and I think that's biggest issue they face. The Mesa Center for the Arts is right down the street, so hopefully concert and theater goers will stumble upon this restaurant. But what I think would help Il Vinaio the most is some competition. My thoughts on this are that when you have a single, high quality restaurant surrounded by lower budget eateries, it's harder to draw the crowd to you. However, if there were a few higher quality restaurants in that area, well now you have something to attract more people. When one place is busy, you go to the next one over and check it out. Il Vinaio deserves to succeed and I hope that Mesa encourages similar caliber restaurants to set up shop.Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)The East Valley Foodie
1	Bland food at high prices.  Not worth your time or money.  I recommend you go elsewhere for tastier, cheaper food with more authentic environments than this faux-elegant shab.
5	Eating breakfast here regularly now, love it.To all you haters who have NEVER EVEN BEEN HERE who are writing 1-star reviews, over the lion burger controversy - shame on you!  So you don't like the lion meat thing - I get that.  Have at it in the discussion topic here.  But if you haven't eaten here, DON'T POST A BOGUS REVIEW just for the sake of giving the joint 1 star and attempting to drag their average down.  That's BS, and you're a lousy Yelper if you're doing this.
5	Thank goodness that the owners decided to revive this beautiful downtown location and turn it into a far better restaurant than the old cafeteria that used this building before.Il Vinaio is a welcome addition to downtown Mesa. I've visited about a dozen times for breakfast and will continue to be a regular. I haven't had lunch or dinner there yet, but I suspect that the food and service would be consistent with their top-notch breakfast.The staff is friendly and attentive. After a few visits, it was clear that they recognized us and gave us even warmer welcomes. It seems like they genuinely enjoy their jobs.I've had the crepes with blueberries and marscapone (only $6 - take that, Crackers) a couple of times. The fruit is fresh and the crepes are perfectly cooked. It's sweet but wonderfully executed.Lately I've stuck with eggs for breakfast - either the $5 breakfast sandwich on an English muffin with a generous portion of potatoes, or two eggs (I take mine poached, which they do in the traditional style, so no added fat) with potatoes and sausage for about $7. I'm not a fan of potatoes, but I love what they do with them for breakfast. They are oven roasted, slightly crispy, with roasted and almost caramelized onions. The taste is fantastic.I do have a couple of complaints that I hope the owners will work on:1) Buy some good (hot) tea options. You are a nice restaurant and should have something other than Lipton plain black. Invest in a variety pack with herbal and green teas, plus Earl Grey.2) Replace your ceiling vents. They're disturbingly unattractive.
5	It goes something like this, just about every Tuesday..."Whadda ya wanna eat? Hmmm, I dunno know. Anything in the frig? This is were I emphatically deny that we have any food at all in the frig. And my husband never fails to correct me...Why? because Il Vinaio has an amazing Tuesday special. 30% off any bottle of wine to go with dinner. Any bottle off the reserve list and/or off the regular menu. It is my chance to try something really special for pennies. I love Tuesdays, furthering my wine education and saving a few dollars. Sheer thoughtfulness on Il V's part. The dinner menu has changed for summer and the pasta dishes and seafood specials are awesome, really, really ahhhwwwsuuuummmm! Did I mention most entrees are less than $20...Again, furthering my epicurian palate for mere pennies. I definitely get a great meal, a sense of wonder at the chef's amazing talents and no dinner dishes for a few bucks...LUV IL V.
1	Really!? Lion burgers? You should be ashamed of yourself!
5	Wow, I don't come out to Downtown Mesa too often, but found this gem on Main Street. I had the most perfect Turkey Club Sandwich there on this recent trip. Customer Service was just awesome, they were cheerful and very helpful. I'm definitely going to try this place again for dinner and I hear they host some special events.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place because I think it has potential, and because I think heavy meat-eaters might like it. I'll start with the good stuff to counter my low stars . . .The place is big with a large airy open space in the middle. They have live music on some nights and the space would be good for dancing, though I didn't get the feeling that dancing will be happening here -- maybe I'm wrong? The music that was playing while I was there was definitely not conducive to dancing -- VERY subdued, not that great. There are separate (but fairly open) large areas at the sides and backs of the restaurant. These are great spaces for large parties.The service was good, the meat-eaters in my group liked the meat (I'm vegan), and the owners spent a nice amount of time chatting with us and answering our questions. They're really trying to do something unique and serve high-quality food. They get their produce from a local farm -- One Windmill Farms -- which is awesome.But that's the weird part -- I buy my own produce from that same farm, so I was really surprised to find that the vegetarian food my husband and I ordered was really bland. I don't know if it's the way they prepared the food, or if the produce they got that day just happened to be flavorless, but I have no interest in going back to find out.So what did I get? The Angel Hair Pasta and the Bruscetta. It was the most bland pasta dish I've ever eaten. The bruscetta wasn't 100% flavorless -- it was drowning in garlic. I normally love a lot of garlic, but this was definitely overkill, and the tomato and basil were flavorless, just like on the pasta. The bread was too soggy for me, too, but my husband liked it.There is an impression that Il Vinaio is a wine bar. It's not. Go to D'Vine if you want a Wine Bar. The wine list at Il Vinaio is limited. I had the Malbec and found it no better quality than any Malbec I can get at a typical restaurant -- just o.k. Overall, it was the most flavorless food I can remember getting at a restaurant, but it was priced high. BTW, there isn't much for a vegetarian to eat here. That didn't affect my star rating, but since I yelp for vegetarians, I wanted to mention it.
3	i have been here a couple of times the service is good and both times i have had eggs bene which was good as well but the space is cold and leaves me cold  the times we have been in we and or I  are the only and or one of the few peeps there
5	Il Vinaio you are truly beyond fabulous! i have been wooed with delicious filet mignon before but yours is to die for.  The filet was served with divine mashed potatoes and quite possible the best brussel sprouts I've ever had. I've dined on this meal before and each time, I'm struck at how amazing Chef James is. Though each meal I've had at Il Vinaio has been fantastic, this one was different. I brought family and friends and wanted to have them enjoy Il Vinaio as if it was my own home and they did. The wonderful host and hostess,Camerin and Cindy, made sure that my friends and family enjoyed the same amazing food and hospitality I have. Amazing food is expected but wonderful hospitality is an art that not all restaurants can claim. Il Vinaio certaintly can. Now, Il Vinaio may not hit a home run with every meal, every time but I have continued to go back to them again and again, for happy hour, for wine tastings, for New Years and celebrations and here is the thing - the patience and investment I have made in this restaurant has paid off.  The return on my patience and investment is more than a few mouthfuls of food that instantaneously brings a crazy smile to my face and makes me smiles days later and thank the heavens for Chef James.  The best part is that they treat me, and they will treat you, like family. It is an experience not to be missed.
5	I've just been to Il Vinaio twice, both for breakfast... usually I go more before reviewing but the pancakes I had this morning were maybe the most delicious pancakes I've had EVER. They're buttery and moist and basically taste like cake. Who doesn't love cake, right? YUM. Tried the blueberry crepes which were also fantastic. Service was amazing, super nice and attentive.
3	so i'm not sure this is a "breakfast" joint.  in fact i'll say that it's more of a lunch and dinner place.  the atmosphere is very large.  dark.  and "old" school.  not the wake up and go get a hangover cure typ of place... maybe that's more of the difference between places in tempe, (and certain ones in scottsdale) vs. mesa.  i dunno.  that being said the staff were friendly tho not very attentive when we first walked in.... no one was manning the counter @ the entrance to seat us or offer us a menu.  the place was empty save for 2 other guys.... men i should clarify prob just back from, or about to head to the golf course.  we both ordered belgium waffles and poached eggs with coffee and bacon.  this sounded good and i am happy to report, it did not disappoint. the bacon was SO crispy if fell apart in my hands.... i like it that way.  the waffles were just brown and thick enough to make me happy, and they were vanilla flavoured so that was a nice surprise!!  eggs were done right and the coffee was nice.  the bacon tho as i side i must say seemed a bit expensive....  3.50 for 3 strips of bacon?  really ?  is that the going rate ?  all in all tho this was a good meal , i'm just not sure it's meant to be @ this dark and lonely "old" feeling place.  oh well
2	I want to like this place, downtown Mesa needs great restaurants in a bad way. They simply are not that good. Coffee is atrocious, if you are going to try to represent yourself has a fine dining restaurant, you need drinkable coffee. Had pancakes, they were undercooked and doughy. generally too much salt in most the dishes I tried, rice on a salmon special was inedible. Great cheese plate. Good wine list, reasonable price there. It feels like they are trying hard, but coming up short.
1	Mediocre food at best when we went last week. Don't let the Italian name fool you. Very limited Italian menu and when I asked for grated cheese ony angel hair pasta, the waitress looked surprised, went and checked and of course they don't have any. Why would they??? Lame and the wine isn't all that much of a value either.  Better places abound...try anything else.
5	Il Vinaio is by no means an Italian restaurant, nor does it claim to be. While it does have an Italian name, the translation is "The Wine Merchant" so be prepared for owners and staff who know their wines. If the wine list on the regular menu seems limited to you, do not hesitate to ask for the Sommelier's list - quite a few intriguing wines grace its pages.As for the food, Chef James and his kitchen staff perform miracles daily. The new menu that was recently rolled out added quite a few tasty new options (a trio of  yummy flatbreads, smothered steak) while retaining some of my personal favorites (Crispy Pork Loin, Baked Cheese & Shells with Cappicola). Additionally, the vegetarian and gluten-free options have expanded. I frequent Il Vinaio during Happy Hour and dinner time, so I cannot adequately review breakfast or lunch. In my opinion, this restaurant should definitely be on your list to visit. Great food, great wines, fair prices, attentive staff and fine dining all in downtown Mesa. I'm a huge fan!
5	Man, this place is something of a secret gem and I almost don't want to mention it because it's hip to be unheard of. Still, I want to see them succeed and I loathe hipster douchebaggery, so ...Il Vinaio is not so much an Italian joint as it is a wine bar with an Italian name. I guess the fact that this used to be the location of a downtown diner confuses people; their menu changes every 6 months or so and it's always interesting.Their happy hour specials are frequent and well-provisioned. Most days if you casually glance at twitter you'll find some sort of deal going on. They have wines for the upperclass twit wine snob and beer and donut pairings for the belching Homer types. Really. They've got everything, and the owners are some of the friendliest people you'll meet.They do a very nice breakfast on weekends. On nights where there's live music you can expect a great, fun crowd. With one exception (now gone elsewhere) their servers are fantastic and knowledgeable and very friendly.I suggest the Antelope burger, medium rare, light on the onions, with a glass of Sean Minor and a Padron '64 afterwards.
2	Bruchetta at happy hour...awesome.  Real chef prepared food (not prepackaged nonsense like most restaurant chains).  Nicer than average wine selection (reasonably priced).  The very good food was the only thing to save this place from  complete disaster.  If they get the service up to par they could easily be 4 star (I might even give them a five).That being said.  The service was slow and seemed to have trouble communicating with the kitchen.  They brought our food out separately rather than all together so some of us nearly finished before others in our party even had food!  Some of the restaurant's  management types were sitting at the bar doing something...they seemed oblivious to what was going on inside the establishment!!!  BOOOOOO.  So sad to see a place with such potential be mismanaged so badly.
2	Stopped in here for lunch today with Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  I ordered an Antelope Burger with a salad & fries.  The salad & fries were ok but the Antelope Burger was another story.  First off, it arrived what I would call rare, when I had ordered it medium.  The server lady took it back for a re-do, but the new, improved burger was totally blah.  The meat had no flavor!  Now this was my first (& last) Antelope Burger, so maybe it's normal for it to be tasteless, but in any event, that's how it was.  The service was ok & the place is nice inside, but I have no plans to return.Antelope Burger & small salad $13, fries extra.
2	I take back what I said about II Vinao being mismanaged.  I guess they where just having an off day.  The owner contacted me wanting details so that all problems could be fixed.  How great is that?  We will definitely be dropping by again sometime soon.  This place has what it takes to get a 5 star review from me I'm sure of it...I'll make sure to keep everyone posted.
1	Went for the carne fest and it was probably the worst experience I have ever had for the $45 I paid for dinner. The waitress couldn't remember to bring me my drink, the food was either under or over-cooked, service lacked professionalism and they ran out of nearly everything. I will never go here again.
3	We were excited to try what had the potential to be great, unknown Italian place in downtown Mesa.After reading other reviews I called to make a reservation (great place must be busy, right?) The gentleman with whom I spoke was very friendly and helpful in scheduling our reservation to ensure we would have plenty of time to make our show at Mesa Arts Center; when I suggested moving it 15mins later he indicated they had several other reservation for that time and we'd best keep the initial time. Well when we arrived the place was mostly empty, no issues getting a table reservations or not. 6-7p on Friday evening and the place was dead. Still had potential, the word was not out yet. Perhaps knowing the facility was once a cafeteria influenced my perspective, initial impressions reminded me of visiting my Italian grandmother's home: it was nice place at one time. They clearly have placed their influence on the decor with an emphasis on wine theme. Not unpleasant but not warm and inviting either.Our hostess/waitress seated us in what was promised to be a romantic sofa seating, it was ok, chair height cushioned seating on same side of table; not the romantic spot I expected. So this place is supposed to have a good wine selection, great! When asked "How is the Joseph Carr Cab?", the response was "good"; not a very helpful description nor was it accurate, soft and flat with little fruit would be better description and I'd expect to pay $13/bottle rather than $13/glass. My wife's Syrah was much better choice.Spinach salad with Pine Nuts and Strawberries for starter, a rather large portion and perfect for sharing. Pretty basic presentation with dressing poured on top rather than dressed prior to plating. Not bad but difficult to eat as it required table tossing.Filet Minon Flatbread w/Bleu Cheese starter sadly arrived with the salad. It too was ok, filet was tender and tasty, and bleu cheese added just the right twang. For an Italian place I expected homemade flatbread but that was not the case. Overall good flavors.Time for entrees:  Crispy Prime Pork Loin w/Creamy Fontina Risotto and Caper Berry Sauce and Pappardelle Pasta Florentine w/Spinach Cream Sauce, Fresh Tomato and Lemon w/Chicken which we shared among us. Pork Loin was awesome! Slightly sweat, crispy coating, on a bed of creamy risotto and large caper berries; we could have eaten the whole thing were we not reaching fullness. Pasta Florentine was good, large flat egg noodles which were cooked well, cream sauce and chicken are very good as well. Of the two Pork Loin would be a do-over with no reservations, Pasta would probably not in favor of trying something else. Both were very good leftovers.Overall I was not impressed, I would probably not make an effort to return. There were two waitresses (and trainee) working this evening, the other waitress could have made this a more pleasant experience as she had a much better handle on things: sharing specials, soup of day, and more helpful descriptions of menu items and wine list; our waitress was missing most of the evening but couldn't have been very busy with many other tables. I do wish them well.
5	This place rules! Please support his business. Food is tasty! Mesa needs to support awesome businesses like this one!
5	Great mediterranean food. Varied and good wine list.  Owners greet you coming and going. Servers are very attentive.  Loved the variety of seating options (bar, restaurant, private room) with wine bar atmosphere. Great wine/bar restaurant in an unticipated location.  So happy to have found another great dining option in Mesa!
5	il vinaio is a pleasure! The food is fantastic - very robust flavors and a menu that is constantly being updated. Service is friendly and atmosphere is phenomenal. The owners are very involved and work tirelessly to know their customers and create a warm, inviting environment. John - the musician that plays requests on Saturday nights is great fun. This is a place for friends, family, kids. I highly recommend it!
2	My mother received a coupon and wanted to try Il Vinaio before a show at the Mesa Arts Center. I had only been for dinner there once before a couple of years ago, and remembered that the service was so deplorable that we were worried that our host was embarrassed to have brought us there. But the restaurant was new and I understand that it takes time to work out the kinks. Turned out that this particular kink has not yet been untwisted.              The service is incongruent to the nice atmosphere and good menu. It's not just that the servers dress in jeans, tennis shoes and, I think, t-shirts, but that the quality of the work revealed the absence of proper training. Ex: no tray-jack, just set the entire large tray directly on our table, serving entrees while all of the appetizer and salad plates were still uncleared, never removing dinner plates, (we had to push the empty plates aside to do the check), no bussers which  decreased the amount of time we saw our server and greatly contributed to poor service.       "Hi guys. My name is N_____. Let me tell you guys about the special." And then she literally began the description with, "It comes with...." She said the entire special backwards so that we had to wait until the end to know what the entree actually was! It went like this," It comes with X and Y over some (pasta?) and then you can get either A or B (fish or chicken maybe)." The way she told it was impossible to get a visual and I was so distracted by the delivery that I couldn't remember what the special was 10 seconds after she "described" it. Oh goodness.       I ordered from an exciting gluten-free menu, which is a rare treat. I chose the braised lamb ragu with pappardelle pasta. My daughter wanted the same dish which was on the regular menu. However she told the server that she would go ahead and get the gluten-free as well, in order "to make sure the [identical] dishes don't get mixed up."  When the meals arrived, the lamb ragu was over CAPELLINI. When I told the server, she unapologetically said, "Oh, angel hair is the only gluten free pasta we have". I told her that my daughter never would have ordered the lamb ragu in gluten-free had she known. Our server didn't do anything with this piece of information to satisfy the problem. This would have been a good time for her to have told the owner that his/her error on the menu had caused two guests disappointment. Maybe at Il Vinaio they think, "Ahh, pasta is pasta. Who cares what shape it's in?"    Uh....we do!           Important note: Ineptitude aside, the lamb ragu was DELICIOUS.       However my father, who just had dental surgery, ordered tomato soup as his entree along with a sweet potato side. I don't believe that the same person who made the lamb ragu could possibly have made that soup. It was very watery and barely tasted of tomato. Dad's incredulity that it was being passed off as tomato soup caused him to want everyone at the table to try it.  And unfortunately for him, the sweet potato mash was not sweet as sweet potatoes usually are. After complaining about the soup, he received the black bean soup. The beans were undercooked, thus hard and unchewable for him. To top it all off, he had ordered an O'Douls over a half hour prior and had given up on it. In our attempt to assuage his suffering, we reminded the server who then brought it.       When she brought the bill, I asked if she had taken anything off for not serving papardelle as the menu said. She replied, "I already took off his soup, sweet potatoes and O'Douls". I reminded her that the beer was 30 minutes late, and that the food he ordered was not good. I should have told her that in the restaurant business, once a drink takes 20 minutes to get to a guest, you give it to him with a sincere apology and it's comped. And when your guests find your food inedible, of course you do not charge them for that either.  Neither of which is a favor.       I then talked to the owner about the menu item switch. She apologized for it. I told her that I didn't mind for myself since I'm just glad to get a good GF meal, but that something ought to be taken off of my daughter's entree since she never would have ordered the dish had she known that it was not as described. The owner did absolutely nothing except to apologize again. I was stunned by the owner's inaction. She  probably figured we were never coming back so why compensate for that particular error. If that was her thinking, she assessed the situation incorrectly. It's so hard to find a good gluten-free meal that I would definitely have gone again.     I noticed a lively bar with about 10 seats. Il Vinaio is probably great for a drink and some socializing at the bar. Also I would mention the GF menu to anyone needing to follow that diet. But I offer a warning about the service.  The establishment is too nice and has too much going for it for the owners to overlook this shortcoming.
4	I am not surprised at the number of low star reviews this place has...that said I love it here. I want to check out a dinner but have only been here for Sunday Brunch. The service is slow to get the food out and or take orders. The last two times we have been there we have spent 3 hours for brunch. I can see how this irritates people. I can tell you however, that we go there knowing that. It is an excellent time for our group of friends to catch up and hang out. The prices are so affordable, most of the food has been delightful (skip the crepes), and the bottom less champage is a big bonus if it will take at least a couple of hours to eat drink and be merry. Now don't take me word for it - go ahead and listen to all of the one and two star reviews and stay away... then I still won't have a wait while I get there. I love being seated right away!
5	I really appreciate having a restaurant / wine bar in central Mesa. It is great to have a place for great food and wine. I love the Crispy  Pork Loin with Creamy Fontina Risotto and Caper Berry Sauce.  The pork is crispy and tenter, the risotto  is rich and creamy, and the caper berry sauce is the perfect counter balance. Wow what a dish. It is addictive. Their other food is great also. They have a great selection of wines. they have great wine dinners and happy hour specials. The owners are very nice and attentive, they really make you feel at home. Gotta go, writing this has made me hungry for  Il Vinaio.
2	Nice atmosphere but no other customers on a Wednesday at lunch time.Decent menu though a bit on the pricey side.Wine was 2 for 1 at lunch... thought that was nice.Great service.Ordered the Vegetable Pasta and was looking forward to the zucchini and asparagus.  It was way to peppery yet bland.  Could have used more cheese also.I wouldn't go back.
5	Top notch. Great beer selection, great wine selection, and the food is fantastic. The owners are incredibly friendly. I'll be coming here for years.
5	This place is a gem! I really had no firm idea what to expect as the reviews are so varied. I'm so happy I gave it a try.Pros:Food taste, presentation & creativity - very talented chef!Service - extremely attentive and detailedAtmosphere - A positive surprise based on the immediate area of the establishmentCons:Pricey - I recommend a certificate from Restaurant.comThe warm fig, goat cheese & candied pecan bruschetta are out of this world as was my linguine and clams. This place is a keeper and I will be returning albeit with another discount voucher. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
1	A few months back I went to Il Vinaio on a whim for supper with a friend of mine. The restaurant was nearly empty, but our waiter was excellent, our food was served promptly and was delicious. I also ordered a glass of Sangria which was heavenly. I half-joked to the waiter that I wanted to buy a gallon of the stuff to take home with me for a get together I was having that night, and the waiter and staff were so accommodating. They sent me home with 5 freshly made bottles of sangria and a container of fresh sliced fruit garnish. It was a very good experience and I have been trying to get some of my friends to join me for a meal there ever since.Well, last week I got together a group of 8 diners and we decided to go there for dinner. Two of the diners would be enjoying their last dinner there before returning home to England. I realized several hours before dinner that there would be an Oktoberfest Beer dinner that evening, and called to make sure that regular service would be offered. It was, and I reserved a table for 7pm. Three people were there right on time, and the rest of the party arrived a little bit late but staggered, no later than 7:20. I'm not sure if our waitress had never waited table before, or was just highly incompetent at her job, but the entire meal was a disaster from the beginning. The beer dinner taking place in the center of the restaurant was not as busy as I had expected it to be, and there might have been a couple of other tables in the restaurant, I'm not sure. Our waitress didn't get all of our orders taken until after 7:45. Bread arrived 10 minutes later, stale and cold. A couple of friends ordered pitchers of Sangria, which was not quite as good as the batch that I'd purchased previously, but still very good. However, the pitchers were tiny, filled to the top with ice, and $34 each. Most of our water glasses remained empty for long periods at a time while our waitress was nowhere to be found. The food was also very inconsistent with my first visit - I had tried the mac and cheese which was delicious and rich, and my friend that ordered it received a bowl of runny cheese-milk with noodles in it. The sauce on the mac and cheese was identical to the "fondue" appetizer she'd ordered. I ordered a grilled flatbread with cappicola, and what arrived was a glorified tortilla with some cheese and ham sprinkled on top. It was not a $12 meal. Some of the food was delicious, but the inconsistency was truly astounding. My husband's sirloin burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious. Another friend ordered the antelope burger, and stated that he preferred his meat as rare as possible, but as he'd never eaten antelope he would like the chef to prepare the burger as he recommend it be eaten. The burger came out well done, tough, and underseasoned. I also had this item on my first visit, ordered medium, and it was perfect. Our food did take a very long time to come out, which I could attribute to the kitchen being tied up cooking for the beer dinner. However, we were a large, paying party who made sure that regular service would be an option before we came. There were so many more issues with the food and service. I was appalled that I had so highly recommended the restaurant and taken a large group there. It was a disappointing meal for every single member of our party. This review would be much longer if I detailed each member's order and the multiple issues with each.I am not a confrontational person. I have worked in food service before and the experience we had was inexcusable. My husband picked up our portion of the check and I left as a couple of our more confrontational party members said something to the waitress. Nothing was comped, no apology was given or explanation made, and none of us will be back. I had such high hopes for this restaurant after my first visit. I am saddened that my second experience was so disastrous. Downtown Mesa needs good local businesses and restaurants, and I was so excited that this would be one. If this is a typical experience I expect they won't last another year. Please, show me this was a fluke!
5	We had a very pleasant experience at Il Vinaio. The service was excellent, the food was good and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. Excellent wine list as well as beer list. I went with my wife and 5 year old son and we all enjoyed it.
1	Doesn't even deserve 1 star.  My husband and I went here last night to grab dinner before a concert at the Mesa Arts Center.  We arrived at 6 and the show started at 7:30.  The hostess asked if we were going to the show and we said yes. We were seated immediately...the place was not even half full.  Waited a good amount of time before our server came to the table to take drink orders.  Waited 20 minutes for 2 glasses of wine.  Ordered our food which consisted of a salad, grilled flatbread and a burger with fries.  The salad came after we had been there for about 45 minutes.  Finally realized it was 7:00 and still didn't have our food.  Asked our server about the delay and she seemed shocked.  To top it off she had the nerve to say I brought you some bread, your salad and wine...WHAT!!!  We told her never mind on the food we would just take our bill.  By now it's 7:05.  The manager comes to the table to tell us that our food is being plated right now so it's ready.  At this point the show was starting in 20 minutes so we clearly didn't have time to eat it now.  She was very unapologetic about the whole situation.  She brought us our bill, and clearly couldn't be bothered to comp anything from it to try and rectify the situation.  Then the server comes back again to tell us our food is done now and did we want to take it was us.  Why yes, I would love to take my food and leave it in the car for the next 2.5 hours while we attend the concert.  That sounds like a great plan...NOT.   The couple that was seated right before us had also complained to their server and manager about the wait and I overheard their server mention that is was because there were so many people here tonight...keep in mind I mentioned the place was barely half full.  That was their 3rd time coming to the restaurant and it was the same all 3 times.  They were really trying to give the place a chance but said 3 strikes and you are out.  Such a disappointment and unlike the other couple, we will not give them another chance.  When you have people complaining you have to make it right and they did NOTHING!!! Do not waste your time going here unless you have tons of time to kill.  Luckily the show at the theater was amazing so it didn't ruin my night since we had to go to the show on an empty stomach.
1	Went on a Weds. night before a downtown show. Place is about 1/2 full. Took 30 minutes to receive glass of wine, 45 minutes to receive appetizer. After an hour of waiting finally received meal, which we had 5 minutes to gulp down before rushing out to catch show. Another couple that came in 5 minutes later, never received their meal. This way everytime we go (3rd time). I will not give them another chance. Owner said well, this place is bigger than it looks and we have a small kitchen. ??? Is this my problem?
1	The translated "Il Vinaio" is an ancient Italian word meaning "polished turd". The pretentious menu, the "Denny's" environment. The dated and uninspiring wine list. Fake yelp reviews, rude replies to yelp reviews.  Reviews that have no other reviews or friends, are obviously  fake yelp profiles, sad . Clearly unprofessional "foodies" have no place in the restaurant industry, this place makes the Taco Bell next door  look bad. Keep polishing that turd, I heard the best way is to suck at both ends.
2	We had dinner here after a play at the Mesa Arts Center.  Not the worst but definitely not the best place i've ever eaten.  To be fair, I didn't try anything on the wine menu.  The gluten free menu was the attraction and i suspect that has attracted a few others as well, especially on a Sunday afternoon when not much is open in Mesa.  It's ok, but I wouldn't go back again.
5	We went back to this gem last evening with a discount voucher in hand. I love this place. The food and service are impeccable. Still a bit pricey, but so worth it. Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. On Main Street just east of Country Club Drive.
5	I'm surprised at some of the negative reviews.  I've been to Il Vinaio several times for the weekend champagne brunch, lunch, & dinner.  The food & service have always been excellent.  I try to bring others with me regularly....they are equally impressed.  Keep up the good work, Il Vinaio!
2	Unimpressive and overpriced. Tried the lamb ragu and it was one of the blandest dishes I've ever eaten. I'm not exaggerating when I say that the dominant flavor was the noodles! We tried an appetizer that was okay but nothing special (some sort of spicy/sweet shrimp). The best part of the meal was the bread (Breadsmith), however we had to ask for it and it didn't arrive until we were almost done with the meal.On the plus side, they had a good beer selection featuring some local breweries that you don't see all the time. I do like that they source most of their ingredients locally.
1	Terrible, horrible, DO NOT GO!!  The staff was rude and readily turned up their nose when 5 adults walked in with 3 children, we were told the only tables they ahd available were their high tops (clearly they were trying to deter us from dining there) when we stated we were fine with a high top it still took more than 5 minutes to get seated and the restaurant only had 2 other tables when we walked in.  The apps were good, but it took more than 40 minutes for the main entrees to come out of the kitchen, during which time we had to ask more than 3 TIMES for our drinks to be refilled...the burger that was ordered medium might as well have mooed at us from the plate, the puntanesca was so salty it was inedible, the lemon chicken was so over cooked wand dry it was like road kill.  When we complained we were told that our meals could be re cooked, but with 3 fussy children and already having to wait more than 40 minutes, we did not have time to wait and see if the dishes would be corrected or not.  We were not offered to have anything removed from our bill, and not even a 'sorry' was given.  We were also charged an 18% auto gratuity because 'technically' we were a party of 8...one child is still breast feeding, and the other two didn't even have childrens items ordered for them as they were eating off our plates...this place has terrible food, bad service, and staff that does not care!!
4	Went with my husband and another couple to a beer and donut pairing event here and had a truly enjoyable experience.  I mean how many places do donut and beer pairings?!  It was quite yummy.  They often have live music which is another bonus- but it's not so loud you can't enjoy conversation with the person next to you.  I don't really understand the negative reviews regarding this place.
5	The owners and staff at Il Vinaio are simply great.  Yesterday, they helped Ginnie & I host a 65th birthday party for about 40 people.  The ambiance was superb, the wine was wonderful, and the staff was exceptional.  We highly recommend Il Vanaio for a week-end brunch or dinner any time.
5	It is right on the corner of Main and Country Club, and one might not see much on the outside, but really you should check it out. It is really pretty inside. The food is amazing, and they have quite the menu. Offering tapas, gluten free options, happy hour, and serving brunch on the weekends. Plus they have bottomless champagne (mimosas) for $8! Amazing!!! The one thing I notice is it is a large space, with not that many people in it. Hopefully more people will check it out because it is a very cool wine bar that is good for groups. Most wine bars are small so getting a group of friends all together can be tough. Not here! You're good to go.
5	My cousin & I stumbled upon this mesa gem while waiting for the children's museum to open on a Sunday. We had 4 children with two adults. At first glance we were hesitant, however once inside amazed at what we found. A truly vacation worthy atmosphere extremely friendly staff & delicious breakfast!!! Perfect Sunday brunch spot!!!! Kids or not.
5	As I've said in past reviews, I don't write many reviews but there are times when I feel that I should and this review is a little late in coming.  My husband and I really love this place.  In Mesa this really is our Cheers. The owners Cameron and Cindy are about as welcoming as you can get.  Owning a restaurant can't possibly be an easy thing to do, but they sure do it with a smile.  So last week we decided on a Tuesday night that we'd go to dinner at iLv, because he hadn't been in a while, I asked what the specials were on FB and we were pretty set on what we were going to have for dinner that night. Not to mention that I was totally craving their classic bruscetta it simply is the best I've ever had.  I could eat that as a meal all on its own.  My husband had the trout special and really enjoyed it, I had a bite and was pleased that it didn't have that fishy taste that trout can sometimes have.  I can't really speak for him on his experience but I sure can speak for mine.  I had the beer battered fish and chips, and all I can say is OMG.  I have had good fish and chips very rarely here in the United States, and I'm very selective about it,  because I got spoiled when I visited the UK.  If you've never had fish and chips in England you must put this on your bucket list. But back to this particular fish and chips.  I would pit this up against anything I had in the UK, it was just THAT good. The batter was light and airy and not dripping with grease.  My 5 stars is for that fish alone, if I could add more stars just because of service I would.  Good wine, good food, and good company. How can you go wrong?Oh yeah, don't leave without having the gellato.
4	Good food w/ interesting combination of ingredients. Good selection of beer & wines and good hard working staff. Some fun beer & wine events too. Beer & donut pairing tasting is really good, I wish they would do it more often. One of the very few full service restaurants in downtown Mesa.
5	Really enjoy the Sunday brunch with friends, the staff and owners are very friendly, and do a great job.
3	Service very good, wines are good, food just so-so.  I had a filet that was not a filet...it was OK but I don't know what cut it really was.  Companion had Pasta Florentine with just a hint of spinach.  Def for drinks but may pass on the food next time.
5	Il Vianio is my new fave Mesa restaurant. Have been going there every week for lunch since I moved here six months ago. Yummy menu with unique dishes...all fresh and beautifully presented. Service is extraordinarily personal with likes/dislikes always remembered. Feels like friends are cooking just for you. If you go for dinner at the bar on Fridays and Saturdays you run into the downtown Mesa business owners after their workday. A fun place to be. And, if my fussy mother loves it, who won't?
5	Local sourced organic ingredients and a new chef and menu makes this a must do. Soups are excellent flavor and not salty. The hatch chili is just right in several dishes. You will really like!
2	Food and service were mediocre. Nothing special in my opinion, not for that price. Had the tilapia the first time and it was very fishy tasting, which was not what I expected. Second time had the lobster Mac and cheese which was alright but not amazing. Boyfriend had the 10oz sirloin and the chicken a different time, which he said were good, so maybe it's just the fish that they serve there that's yucky.
5	The quote of "A casually elegant American fusion restaurant, wine & beer bar" really says it quite well. Diverse menu and wine list are well-priced but well done. Just happened in and enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. Give it a try, especially as there are multiple arts and entertainment venues nearby. They're ready for you!
5	I come here often and have tried various foods and desserts and always love them. I have even had an antelope burger and kangaroo brats here. When they have something new or limited it's always a tasty treat. They also have a nice rotating beer selection. I really love the beer and donut pairings that they do. And the owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming, I feel more like I am going to visit friends or family and I can relax rather than going to a loud, stuffy restaurant (as I feel about many other places).PS: Love the tables with a couch on one side. I mean, if that's not relaxing...
5	First time at Il Vinaio but had to do take out due to other commitments. Arrived at 4:30pm on a Wednesday and it was deserted. Hostess obviously greeted me right away and accommodated me with a gluten free menu. Since I did take out, she warned me that GF pasta takes 20 minutes. No prob there so she offered water during my wait. Dinner arrived right on time: 20 minutes after she turned in the ticket. We ordered Classic Bruschetta on GF bread. It was toasted just right with herbaceous tomatoes on top. For entrees we got the Pasta Vinaio with GF pasta and Chicken Roulade (no gluten adjustments needed.). Each dish was well prepared with saucy goodness, goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes. The total was $43 for two entrees and an app but for hard-to-find gluten free Italian, it was worth the price. We will return when we have time to have a good sit down meal.
5	My hubby and I stopped in for an impromptu dinner date after escaping an awkward work holiday party with bad, bread-based apps.  We were specifically drawn by the gluten-free menu and the commitment to sourcing local ingredients, and we weren't disappointed.  Rather than one or two safe dishes or having to make a million mods to be able to eat at a lot of restaurants, Il Vinaio had a full menu of possibilities, including multiple dessert options.  I didn't even get a look at the wine list, because the waitress had me at the seasonal Woodchuck Barrel Reserve cider, which had an AMAZING bourbon-like quality.  Wait, I shouldn't be telling you this, because I want to go back and get more before it's gone!  Hubby had the green chile burger, and I had the ancho rubbed steak.  Both of us were quite satisfied with the dishes, which were generously portioned and prepared just as we had ordered.  Best of all, I didn't get sick afterward, which tells me that the kitchen is on their game.  I was very happy with my flourless chocolate torte with berry compote, and my hubby loved his GF brownie sundae.  Great food, relaxed atmosphere, very friendly and attentive service, and a competent kitchen.  We'll be back!
4	Great breakfast.  Eggs Benedict w/ lobster on gluten free eng. muffin and blueberry  crepes. Both meals were well executed and fairly priced. Our waitress turned out to be the owner, which is always appreciated by a fellow shopkeeper. In the downtown/civic district of Mesa , and within a very dated building, the ambiance is classy and understated. I hope to return for the beer and wine. $3 pints of craft brew at brunch!  Very quiet on a Sunday morn. a nice escape.
2	My daughter and I went here for dinner to celebrate an occasion that only happens once in a lifetime, Retirement, for me of course. She told me to pick out any place that was different and unique. I searched high and low and behold, II Vinaio.My daughter didn't sound too pleased of my choice because of her culinary skills and wide range of unique eating establishments but she agreed and we arrived at our reservation time. We could have got away without the reservation.Our server was very prompt and recited the specials without hesitation, we selected the assorted cheese plate and alligator sausage with some kind of fritter for starters.The cheese platter had an assortment of 3 different cheeses,olives,fruit,nuts,and not enough small toasted bread slices to accommodate all the cheese. The alligator sausage was good but was it really alligator sausage? Not that I eat it all the time,so am I an expert on alligator ? but it was good if it was gator. And any type of batter that is thrown into hot oil is always tasty, the fritter.The cheese platter was good because the cheese comes from outside vendors and placed on a plate with the proper condiments how can you go wrong,a no brainier here. My dinner choice was Crispy Prime Pork Loin over fontina risotto and caper berry sauce.That was another disappointment in my life .I also have a large repertoire of fine foods and this was not it. The plating would not have won an academy for best picture because the pounded out paper thin panko crusted pork cutlet was place on top of the dollop size portion of risotto and ugh. Our server promptly asked us how was the food and I told her that the pictures posted on this site sure didn't look like what I ordered. She told me that those pictures were posted a long time ago and things have changed. Well honey, that's the reason I came here, the pictures of the food were amazing.I've eaten pork loin before, not only in restaurants but I also cook a mean pork roast myself. This was not it!!! All I tasted was panko bread crumbs, where's the pork??Long grain rice (risotto) with melted cheese, I've had better.My daughter has some kind of salad, just an assortment of greens with venison, nothing special.The two glasses of Bordeaux were alright but were they Bordeaux? My daughter should have paid the bill with a picture of a credit card and II Vinaio should have a disclaimer posted on their front door that reads, What you see you may not get.
5	I have been dining at Il Vinaio for the last year or so and have nothing but great things to say. First off, the service is absolutely terrific! From start to finish, this restaurant has your best interests in mind with their great wine and food reccomendations. I feel confident ordering anything off their menu. I know finding great restaurants in Mesa, AZ is tough but Il Vinaio makes it easy! Go here!
1	I was excited to try this place after hearing/reading good reviews.  I ordered the Chile Rubbed Teres Major Steak and it came out room temperature.  The broccoli side was tasted like it had just come out of the refrigerator. I sent it back and it came back a few minutes later and the broccoli now tasted like it was dunked in boiling water and dropped right back onto the plate (it was soaking wet). The steak was still room temperature and while better, it was hardly worth the almost $20 it cost. No manager came to ask what the problem was.  Service was mediocre. I won't be back.
3	Ok, so I went here with my Mom and a group of people for her birthday.  The drinks were good, I'm under 21 so I had a raspberry iced tea, which was good, and everyone that had wine or beer thought it was a great selection.For an appetizer I tried the chicken wings, which were huge (bigger than my fist) and very delicious, being only $5 on the happy hour menu, it was a great deal. It came with 3 wings.For my entree I tried the chile rubbed mejor steak.  It was $20, and the disappointment was bigger than the steak.  The steak was smaller than the chicken wings were, with even less flavor.  I honestly don't even know how they removed as much flavor as they possibly could from their steak.  The size of the steak alone made me want to leave upon looking at it, but the hopes of flavor kept me going, only to end up wanting to cry in the spiciest mashed potatoes I have ever had.  In the end, I wish I had only had more of the chicken wings.  The drinks, wings, and service were the only things that kept me from getting too upset.  At the time.  This happened a few weeks ago and I wasn't going to write a review, but I've had this eating at me and pissing me off at random times.  I WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN.  If you're a steak fan, I wouldn't go here.  The chicken wings were the only things on the menu that looked appetizing to me.
4	I'm not sure why this place isn't busier. The only time we've seen it full is on the beer & donut tasting days (those are FUN). The food is good, fresh & innovative. The service is always fast & friendly. Of course, they always have plenty of good options for booze - especially wine. And it's decorated in fresh, inviting decor. I've been here for lunch, dinner & happy hour & it's very consistent.
5	Love love II Vinaio! Fantastic wines and food! The owners are a fantastic couple and is always very welcoming to my partner and I.
5	Amazing food and very nice staff and owners. It was my girlfriends birthday and they took very good care of us! I also proposed which they celebrated with us. Awesome place for the gluten intolerant folk. Full gluten free menu along with their regular menu. Very food allergy conscious and will do anything to please. Will defiantly become regulars and thank you again for a an amazing night that we will never forget!
3	This is the second time we have been here. And had I rated it the last time I would have given it 5 stars. I bought the coupon on restaurant. com for this outing since there were 5 of us - 50 off of 100. When we arrived it was still happy hour so we ordered 3 appetizers right off the bat. The hummus,  yum and 2 orders of the chicken croquettes, so so. The appetizers came out in about 10 minutes.  Pretty good timing and our server had our drinks as well. I ordered the steak and all though she said it was super tender, it wasn't and it was cold with cold butter on top. My daughter had the salmon witch was ok and my husband the fillet. Which was also tough. 2 others had the pasta which was amazing but served with over cooked chicken. Ok all that about the food but literally it took about 35 minutes and there were only 3 tables in the entire place with people.  Another couple was seated at the same time we were and they actually left after getting apps and a meal while we were still "lingering" over our apps.  So ... what I want to say here is that I was super disappointed at the end of the day. My hopes were high for this place after a good experience back in January. Also not to be picky but they charged me full price for the apps because I had the coupon even though we were well over the 100.00 before the apps were added. We did have desert as well but nothing to write home about. So any way they added the extra to our bill in the end. I think that for a place that is super empty,  they may want to consider this policy, it was only 11 more dollars but still... so this is the third time I have used a coupon from restaurant.com and the 3rd disappoint. I dont think we will go back again:( too bad because I think this place is super cute and has potential.
4	I was in the area for a business trip and literally stumbled on this place, looking for some good food and a glass of wine.  FOUND IT!!  Happy hour was in progress (ladies night=Wed) and I got a lovely Ceasar salad (YUM) and a couple of $5 appetizers (wings/bruschetta) and a great wine to go with.   Super good food/friendly service, pleasant atmosphere, great prices, WILL RETURN again next time I am in the area!! This place is a hidden gem!
5	They have a unique menu, great beer selection, and wine you can't get in other places.  We got great service, talked to the owners for a while...and we'll be coming back for more tastings.  The prices are also very reasonable for the quality of food.
3	Wonderful comfortable atmosphere   Wonderful selections of beer and wine   Love it!!!  However I will not go there again as the bathrooms ARE NOT WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE!!!!!
5	Came here with some friends on a Saturday afternoon. It was really quiet; I assume due to the holiday weekend.  I must admit, I was worried when I saw the exterior, but the inside was a nice surprise.Cindy was our server. She was great! We ordered the Lobster Benedict and a the Green Chili "burger"; but at Cindy's suggestion changed out the beef for chicken. The lobster was tender, quite a lot of it, the eggs cooked perfectly, the green chili added a very nice flavor and the hollandaise was great...very rich! The chicken "burger" was incredible. Everything was very tasty...but best of all? $8 bottomless champagne! We will definitely be back for dinner!
4	Went for brunch today by suggestion of a friend and was very pleasantly surprised.   Our server was very friendly and attentive and helped us with the menu and any questions we had...   Some of the things that made me love this place was 1- the bottomless champagne brunch 2-the food was great.   I got the green Chile burger substitute for chicken and it was delish ! 3-BOTTOMLESS CHAMPAGNE... I will be going again!
5	The service was amazing! Me and my wife got a sudden chance to go and we will go back!
5	Where do I start? The great food? great atmosphere? or the awesome staff? Wow what a great restaurant. I was greeted by both of the owners, a husband and wife team that really want you to feel at home yet still be in a very special atmosphere they have created with class and restraint, The wait staff was attentive with a flair of whimsical personality splashed were appropriate. (you have to coax them a little!)The mood was set by a guitarist/soloist that reminded me of Carlos Santana unplugged. My beer and cheese fondue with homemade warm pretzels is to die for...only to be topped by the best salmon i have ever eaten...pecan encrusted salmo finished with an orange gastrique sauce on a bed of al dente asparagus nestled into a warm pillow of green chili mashed potatoes which are addicting.OK I'll stop...but you have to go here...the menu is deep, well thought out and expertly executed. You will not be disappointed but rather quietly impressed and satisfied...head, heart and tummy!
5	Amazing Happy Hour! Great drinks and specials, everything tastes great. Love that you can sit on couches.
3	I have been to this place more than a couple of times but this last time I thought was the best.  I had the roasted veggie flatbread which tasted great and was also attractive to look at.  Some of the previous meals I have had there left me wanting . . . wanting less that is, so this little roasted veggie flatbread was a nice find on their menu (see picture).  The bf had the blackened tilapia.  He liked it but I thought it looked too oily for my taste.  He also had the flourless chocolate torte which he said tasted good but wished it would have been bigger.  On one occasion I had the antelope burger which was quite tasty but I did not care for the fries -- don't get me wrong; there was nothing wrong with them but I guess I wish they had more healthy choices to choose from but you can't please everyone.  On another occasion I had the field greens side salad and a soup of the day but didn't care much for either as well -- the house red wine vinaigrette salad dressing was just too acidic.  The place itself is kind of depressing.  Every time we have gone it has been quite empty although admittedly we have been there on off dining hours.  I hope the light-rail helps out their business.  With such a large space, they should consider having a dance night (such as salsa) to draw in people.  One last remark -- the service was good.
5	I feel like a spoiled princess everytime I go here! Dear Lord the food and drinks are out of this world,  and the customer service is outstanding. The $8 bottle of champagne is such a great deal! Their hamburgers are by far the best! So great that no ketchup, mayo, mustard necessary. Im so glad I took a chance and decided to try a new wine bar. A wine bar with so many other options on the menu than most I have ever been too. I highly recommend this restaurant. You won't regret it!
5	great food great staff great atmosphere. happy hour is bomb. endless mimosa?!?!?!?!?!?!?! yes indeed. tables are not crowded together. dog friendly. highly recommend.
5	The food and prices are amazing! The service was great, we had a group staying in the hotel next door and had about 30 person party roll in for brunch. They made everyone feel comfortable and welcomed. It didn't take long for the food to come out and I can't wait to eat here again.  This place is Canyon State Beard Club approved!
4	Best kept secret for weekend brunch in Mesa! How the line doesn't go out the door escapes me, but am thankful the crowds have yet to discover this gem in downtown Mesa. Originally a diner, the decor is upscale and tasteful with wine quotes surrounding diners from above with comfy couches available to slide into to enjoy your meal. The owners make this place with their cheerful demeanor and commitment to making your dining experience all it can be. Having enjoyed their weekend breakfasts for over three years, the food is consistent, flavorful, and piping hot. Eggs are always cooked as ordered with a wonderful assortment of bread and jams to accompany them. The menu is delicious with lemon crepes, berry French toast, and Eggs Benedict. Another wonderful feature of this eatery is the ability to order lunch during breakfast hours. Now for the absolute best offering, beside their massive wine selection, is Il Vinaio's 'made from scratch' soups. AMAZING! Lobster bisque, Cream of Salmon, green chili stew, and so many more. Easily the Valley's best soups, hands down. Not to forget the fact coffee cups never go empty!  With the masses waiting 30 plus minutes on a Sunday at some bland chain restaurant, I marvel at how we can stroll in to table at this hidden gem. Price compares to other breakfast places, but is a far finer dining experience. Best breakfast in Mesa easily.
4	Nice people nice place and the food is really good too. They have a great wine and beer selection. The owner actually waited on us.  Really good food.
