3	This is a good lunch spot in the Strip, Pittsburgh, PA.Smaller menu that includes some 4-5 Subs, 3-4 Salads, Pizza (Custom or by the slice) and 1-2 Pasta dishes.  Everything is easily under $10 per person.I've had the Italian Sausage sub, it was quite tasty and a lot of food on top of a serious Italian Roll.  Go for the wrap option if you are more interested in the meat.Salads are by far the highlight for me.  They really pile on the veggies for $5!  Add chicken or steak for another $3, (good, but pretty obvious they had been strips in the freezer earlier that day).Decor leaves something to be desired, service is friendly enough.  Overally, fairly solid but nothing that really gets me excited.
2	We went here on a recommendation from several random people we ran into while in Pitt.  The pizza was mediocre (crust was plentiful but bland).  The service, however, was terrible.  It took forever for them to take our order, forever to get our food, and (you guessed it) forever to get our check.I'd pass on this place.
1	This place is NEVER Open! It has good pizza, but they need to understand how to follow hours of operation!
4	We can't vouch for their entire menu, but when visiting The Strip in Pittsburgh, this is our "go to" place to eat -- love their pizza (sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, green peppers and onions) and a pitcher of IC Light!  Looking forward to going there on our next trip back East.  We've never had a problem with the service -- it's always been friendly and efficient.
4	We were trying to get into Primanti Bros for a sub but were over taken by 2 bus fulls of high school students. Instead we hit Bella Notte as I was craving a spicey sausage sub.....OH BOY....this bread it came on was off the hook. Crunchy, chewy, and never got soggy with all the sauce. The sausage was perfect too will all the peppers and onions. YUMMY! My buddy got the Italian Satallion......that sandwich was total money!!! He said I shouldnt try Primanti Bros after this or I might be unimpressed. I am sticking to Bella Notte!!
2	This place seems like a tourist trap. The food was not great. Wish we had gone somewhere else.
4	EDIT: They really did change the service up since I last posted this.Horrible service.Used to be my favorite pizza in the city (at a reasonable price), but I'm rethinking that. We just had an altercation with a server who refused to split a check when we were paying with cash. He then proceeded to disrespect the party at the table, telling us to 'not give him attitude about it.'Sorry Bella Notte, but we're not children. I don't care if you're working hard - it doesn't give you any excuse to disrespect your paying customers like that.
3	Customer service (2/5): "hello... is anybody there?!?" It took a couple of minutes for someone to take our to-go order. The staff wasn't rude but they wasn't friendly either. They look like they were watching the clock and couldn't wait to get off work. Bella Notte seemed like the last place they wanted to be. Food (3/5) : It taste extremely average! If I was blindfolded and was given three different pizzas to try, definitely wouldn't be able to notice anything distinct besides the thickness of the crush. I only eat cheese pizza so the main part of the pizza for me is the bread and the sauce. The sauce was very regular but I loved the thick crush! I got a half cheese and half pepperoni (my husband ate the other side). That was the first time I saw a restaurant cut up the pepperoni into thin slices... kinda odd but I guess that is their signature. I husband didn't really like it that much.I would give this restaurant 2 stars but since they made such a thick crust, that deserved another star.
4	I wish it would stay open later on the weekdays.  It's a great pizza spot.  The single slices are gi-normous.  The bar area is fun for a beer and watching a game.  Tonight, i ordered a medium pepperoni and mushroom to go and like usual it was a great pizza.  Fresh mushrooms and full pieces of crispy pepperoni along with little bits of pepperoni tasted great!  The sauce here is on the sweet side, crust is good.  Better than average pizza in burgh and it's home style restaurant are a win in my book.oh and tonight I noticed the hot oven grinders looked really good!  Will try soon....
4	We loved this place.  Great pizza! ( We orginally were heading to Primati Brothers down the street, however the line was wrapped around the block and employees were yelling at customers about line control)!  Bella Notte made our frustrating experience turn into a great delicious lunch!  Love the strip district!
5	Absolutely one of the best pizzas in Pittsburgh. Great food. Great service and great people watching  on the strip!
4	I'm the jerk who goes to the pizza place and gets a meatball sub.  But I had food jealousy and I had to!!  I saw a waitress with a tray full of them and then I watched this guy bite into it and it was done, I had to have it!  Was it worth it?  HECK YEAH IT WAS!  There's nothing like a thick Italian bread bun with 4 heaping balls of meat, enough marinara sauce to satisfy my sauce obsession and melted moz cheese.  Does that talk you outta a pizza now?  It was REALLY good and worth every bite.  I did not get food jealousy over my friends pizza.  Will I go back and order the Pizza next time?  Maybe, unless I see a Meatball Sub go by again, then all bets are off!
4	The pizza is very good. Very reasonable priced. Lots of toppings. Greek Salad and Ceasar Salads were good. I wasn't impressed with there side salad. They are only opened to 7 on weekdays and 9 on Fridays and Saturdays. They do take cash and credit cards. Quick service. Friendly
4	-2 stars for having to wait to be served (wondering if we were forgotten) and for not seating people well at tables which increases the wait time before you sit+6 stars for some of the best authentic, delicious, hearty, amazing pizza I've had in a while. While my family was bummed that we didn't get a "real brunch" since Delucca's and Pamela's were ridiculously long wait times, the awesomeness of this pizza (Mediterranean style).=4 stars!
1	The pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. One person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. We eventually cancelled it . The staff was apologetic .
2	Waited FOREVER for our food; pizza was alright, pasta wasn't fully cooked and the meat and marinara sauce tasted store-bought at best. Atmosphere was non-existent. Bathroom was hot and NASTY. Waitress was nice.
1	Stopped here today for lunch.  Ordered pizza by the slice.  1 hour later our pizza came, without an apology of the delay of the pizza.  It was not crowded at all at the restaurant.  A family came in after us, we received their bread sticks, they took it off our table and handed it to their table.  Is that even sanitary?  They also received their full pizza before we got ours.  Pizza was greasy and tasted like jar sauce.  crust was good.
1	This place is a straight up joke, after my first bite of the "greens and beans" I half expected Ashton Kutcher to come out yelling punked. Wow how bad can Italian food get in the Burgh? I sent my greens and beans back. The greens were burned and the inside of the dish was cold while the outside was hot. The place was smelly, like moldy rag water and the food was disgusting. The greens and beans were noticeably microwaved and who knows how long ago they had been prepared. The IC Light was on special for $2.00 drafts. That was Bella Notte's only saving grace.More amusing then the pitiful food was the fact that Maury was being played over the bar on a 52in flat screen.  Every 5 minutes are so the signal would get lost on the tv.  That place is fairly trashy.
1	We ordered 2 slices of pizza and an Italian hoagie. The waitress asked if we wanted all of our food together and we said yes. This was a big mistake. When the food came out, the hoagie was hot like it was just made but the pizza was cold as ice. We had to send it back. We also noticed the table next us received their pizza but never received the other food dishes they ordered. Apparently it's not possible to order 2 different menu items here.
4	Great pizza though my personal favorite is the cheesy garlic bread (forget the restaurant's name for it).HUGE PORTIONS!!!! One slice is enough to satisfy a healthy man's appetite. The calzones are more like large pizzas folded in half. Don't order a salad and expect gourmet... they are very straightforward -- lettuce in a wooden bowl with some powdered parm cheese, a couple croutons, and a packet of dressing. Order the pizza, people!Service could be better but the food is yummy and cheesy :).
4	Came to Pittsburgh to visit and read a few good reviews on this restaurant.  It definitely produced.  Some of the best pizza I have ever eaten.  We will definitely visit this establishment on our next trip back to Pittsburgh.  I loved the ground up pepperoni on the pizza.
1	BY FAR THE WORST PLACE I EVER WAS IN Girlfriend ordered soup which was cold. Her friend and myself ordered salad which after 15 mins we had to remind our waitress to bring out to us.Told waitress to cancel the order of bread sticks because they it was over 20 mins since we put the order in for them, she insisted to bring them to us and CHARGE us for them..and  the bread sticks where a day old loaf of bread cut into sections...
2	Every time I go to the Strip and do not eat at Primanti's I feel like I'm cheating on my significant other.  Still, in the name of trying new things, we tried a brunch with friends at Bella Notte a few Sundays ago.  They do make a decent bloody mary, which is a good start.  I ordered a couple slices of pizza with various toppings and my date ordered a calzone.  My pizza came out cold and her calzone was piping hot from the oven.  Like some other reviewers have noted, if you order things that take different cooking times, you can expect some things to be cold.  Their kitchen can't seem to get it together enough to present all the food at a reasonable temperature.  If I go back, I'll try order something that takes a long time to cook like a calzone.  Or I'll just go to Primanti's.
4	While shopping in the Strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. We stopped in and I got two slices of pepperoni pizza. The slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. I'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. I scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door. Will definitely be back for another slice, or three.
1	I should not have to wait 10 minutes to have the waiter bus an outside table where I am sitting. There was trash all over it from the last person, and the waiter said he'd be right back to clean the table. Ten minutes isn't "right back". Then after he cleaned the table, he took another 10 minutes before getting our drink order. The outside tables were pretty fool but I checked inside and there were very few people there, so the busyness was not an issue. this is just an altogether fail. We ended up only doing drinks because we were disgusted with the place.
4	Pizza is fantastic and very reasonably priced. I had the White pizza and it was cooked perfectly. I found myself craving the leftovers the next day. The outdoor seating area makes for a nice relaxing evening enjoying the scenery of the strip district.  Bella Notte had a huge variety of draft selections and some very nice specials. The only drawback to Bella Notte was the weekend hours of operation. We were there on a Friday night and the place closed at 9pm. With a fully stocked bar, you would think that they would at least push the 11 o'clock hour.  Disappointed when we got the hint to leave.
3	Food is good, not great. Atmosphere is fun and open. Pizza looks good. May try that next time.
4	Pizza is my favorite food so it's no surprise that I've eaten here. Their crust is chewy and delicious without being too thick. Also they really pile on the cheese to make it extra yummy. The sauce is very good. In addition the staff are friendly. They have outdoor seating which is nice on a spring or summer day for people watching in the strip.
1	We stopped in while stocking up on spices at Penn Mac. Here's the run down:1. Service:  My husband asked our server what beers were on tap. She referred to the menu, but could not tell him a single one. Nor did she offer to find out.2. Hygiene: Outside table was filthy. Literally. Nasty. Cleaned it with a baby wipe.3. Service: Food took a really, really long time. Mediocre at best. And that is being fairly generous.4. Food: Ordered an Italian sausage hoagie ($9). Sausage was bland, roll was enormous, and very little in the way of toppings. Came with Ruffle chips. Husband ordered the 16" Greek pizza ($12.50) but no meat came on it. And there was no gyro meat, so he added Italian sausage for $2.5. Hygiene again: Restrooms- yuck. Don't do it.6. Pluses: Bloody Mary was ok. Diet Coke was good. Pizza crust was good.Bottom line: seems to be a tourist trap that spent all its money on prime location and thus has to scrimp on everything else. Bummed we went there.
3	Looks are deceiving. The pizza was great the hot peppers were nice and hot   The sausage was spicy and infused with a gentle fennel flavour. One of the better pizza joints I've been to.
3	Service was agonizingly slow... I think it was because they are understaffed. I ordered the pasta of the day- rigatoni, and my husband ordered mini ravioli with meatballs. He seemed to like his ravioli, but my rigatoni was lacking flavor.
4	Yay me!!! Stopped here today.  What a great day to take a break from eating your way through the Strip District... by EATING EVEN MORE!!!   Always good service and fantastic pizza!
4	Wonderful pizza! Very rich crust with a good helping of cheese. My wife and I wanted a good pizza for dinner and this surpassed our expectations. The peppers and onions they used were obviously freshly chopped and were the perfect consistency. I called ahead for take out so I cannot speak for the service. I would definitely recommend.
5	Pizza is delicious. Didn't try anything else, but if you crave some delicious pie, this is the place to go. One time they had a new chef and he screwed up our order. However, we got a new pizza for free and we got to keep the one we didn't order! Servings are really big, too and price is great (you will pay as much as you would for a large pizza anywhere else, but size and quality are far better).
3	The pizza is always excellent here - high quality cheese, crust, and toppings.  The individual slices are very generous and they put on tons of pepperoni.  Prices are reasonable.  They usually have a few drink specials, too.  A great place to get a slice to go while shopping in the Strip District.Service, however, leaves a lot to be desired.  I had to wait a long time for service (greeting, orders, and check ins) and I had very little interaction with my server.  The place was not even remotely busy at the time.  I don't know if they are understaffed or if my server just didn't care to deal with us.  We have had the lack of service problem on 2 out of our 3 most recent visits, so I don't think it was just bad luck.Overall, I would recommend sticking to either sitting at the bar or getting food to take out.
5	44 taps of beer!!Say what!!?? I give this place a 5 stars for the beer alone. Redds apple ale on tap is so sipping good and my husband had a manly mad Elf beer. Didn't try the food. Bar atmosphere was nice and not a creepy hole in the wall.
4	After being treated very bad at their neighbor we came in to get some food and drinks. Service was pretty good and nice. The food was really good. The bread of the sandwiches and the pizza were great. Would definitely come back.
1	Really, EXTREMELY disappointing experience!  I took my Mom here because I'd been years ago and had some very good pizza.  Granted it was two days before Christmas (we were doing our manic holiday food shopping extravaganza), so it was of course extremely crowded.  Once we were seated and our order taken (which, not surprisingly due to the crowd, took a while), our food came out relatively quickly.  Let me be clear, this review is negative for one reason and one reason only.  Our pizza was burnt, charred, and the crust was almost entirely inedible (see pic).  The bottom of the pizza and crust were dark brown/black.  And, when I asked our waiter if this was normal, he said yes.  He asked if we wanted to send it back and have another pizza made for us, but considering how much shopping we had to do and only a few hours to do it in, that was simply not feasible.  What should have happened is that our pizza should have been comped, or we should have been offered a credit or something!  But, instead of anything being offered or any apology for an obviously overcooked pie, he "apologized" by saying "I'm sorry that you did not like the pizza".  Not "I'm sorry that your pizza was burned beyond the point of consumption, here's what I can do for you...". I did see a look of panic - he obviously realized that it was a botched pizza.  For the life of me, I simply cannot understand why the waiter insisted that the pizza was supposed to be burned. If I was waiting, I wouldn't have let that pie get to the table in the first place. I looked at all of the other tables, and no one else's pizza was burnt or even overly brown.  There was a mistake in the kitchen and it was our waiter's job to send it back or offer to do something about it.  In the end, my Mom and I had to eat something, so we pretty much just scraped the topping off of our pizza and left the crust and most of the bottom. Also, three of the pieces were completely inedible, so we didn't even touch them. I rarely leave a one star review, and we still tipped the waiter 20%.  Although, I usually leave 30%-40% around the holidays, so he missed out.  But, this was simply a horrible experience.  And, considering the amount of great restaurants in the Strip, I think I can safely say that I will not be back and not be recommending Bella Notte anytime soon.
4	I need the 3.5 star option.Bella Notte has a pizza on special every day!  The day we went, the special was a 8 slice mushroom pizza for $12.  It was a steal!  This isn't really authentic Italian pizza, which they seem to be trying to market it as that.  It's very greasy and cheesey.  I enjoyed it very much, though!The greens and beans were A-Ok.  Nothing to write home about, but a fun way to eat some green veggies, as always.The ambiance and service lacks.  We wanted to sit outside, and the tables are right on the road.  Just pray no one fails at parallel parking!  Our server literally only brought our food out.  She never checked on us.  Not once.  We had to get another server to run our credit cards.  And when it started to drizzle?  No one to offer a seat inside.  Mmm.... Not good.Would I come back for the food?  You bet!  If you just go in to hang with friends and eat some good pizza, it's worth it!
5	We had a religious experience with our pizza.  Enough said.
5	Excellent pizza! Excellent service! The best part was the beer flights! 44 beers to choose from, what's not to love!
5	We ordered a dozen pizzas for work and I thought I died and went to heaven eating the white pizza with 4 cheeses and artichokes and spinach (I think). Having left the Burgh for ft Lauderdale years ago and now living in Raleigh the past 2 years I would kill for pizza as good as this at home. I highly recommend it and will be going back next trip.
5	Excellent pizza, crunchy crust with fab flavor. Single slice was only four bucks. Unreal beer selection, rail bender had a nice close. Service was friendly and fast. Hogie italian stallion was off the hook. Casual atmosphere and great food/ beer. Price for all this was under about $20 for 2.
1	Ordered a white pizza which was flavorless.just bread topped with cheese.it does not take much to add a little flavor punch to a pizza..not to mention the burnt crust which took away the lil taste there was.Also ordered a bleu cheese apple walnut salad-for $9 its such a fraud..literally 20 spinach leaves topped with chewy gummy mozzarella...spinach leaves were not fresh,clearly rotting at the edges.Our silverware had old old rock hard cheese sticking on them..yuck!!Have to say our server was noce though.Not coming back!
5	Fabulous fabulous fabulous!!!!  This place treated us wonderfully and the Bloody Mary's are to die for!!!
4	I have not been too thrilled with the many pizza places I've tried around the city, but Bella Notte was a great change!They have a prime location in the middle of the strip with plenty of covered outdoor seating, an indoor dining room and then a bar room.Our server, Colleen, was an absolute sweetheart! She took very good care of us and I was very impressed with her service. For our party of 5, we split a margherita pizza as well as a meatball/red pepper calzone. Both were crusty and flavorful! I loved the giant pieces of tomato and basil they used on the pizza! It hit the spot and was just what we needed. I would definitely stop there again sometime to try one of their sandwiches or specialty pizzas!
5	Love this place. They always seem to have a beer u can buy that includes a free mug. This time it was Sierra Nevada.  Last time was a  Curious Traveler.  I love the mugs. Need to try the food tho! I'll be back here In late dec!!!!
3	If I had to choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life it would probably be pizza. But I'm not just talking about any pizza- it has to be good pizza!  As an Italian, I would say that I have had (and made) my fair share of pizza and won't settle for any slice. It has to be crunchy and chewy with the perfect blend of sauce and cheese.  I am very happy I came upon Bella Notte a few years ago since it has become one of my go-to places for pizza in the city. There are three main things that I want and look for in a pizza- First and foremost, the dough has to be cooked thoroughly. I typically will order my pizza "well done" since I don't like it when the dough is mushy and not cooked all the way through (the middle part of the pizza seems to be where this problem happens).  I don't have to say anything when ordering at Bella Notte since they cook it nice and evenly. I must admit that there was a time when their pizza was not cooked all the way through (they were training someone new in the kitchen) and they were more than happy to make a new one for me.Next, comes the toppings. A good pizza has a nice cheese to toppings ratio which Bella Notte seems to have a good understanding of. With that being said, I am a big fan of their portobello pizza!! Last but not least, the crust should be the perfect mix of crunchy and chewy, which Bella Notte also seems to nail.All in all, Bella Notte I would say is a good place to get Pizza in Pittsburgh. I am not saying that Bella Notte is perfect but they will definitely do their best to make their pizza perfect for you every time.
5	This place is the stuff. Great beer selection, wonderful food, and in a great location. The staff is not only good looking but also really down to earth. This is definitely a must do solo or with the fam when you're in the strip in Pitt. Check it out, o and they have $4 huge slice specials m-f. Just do it.
4	Bomb pizza, so good fork and knife kinda pizza so delicious almost ate the whole pizza. We got a small had two monster pieces left almost cried when I forgot the leftover box at the table when we left :( came back tonight with our littles because the wait was 3 hrs for the cheese cake factory. Pregnant and I really love the pizza its a fail safe for any night out. I LOVE PIZZA!!!
5	My wife and I have love this place for the last 10 years. When we lived in Pittsburgh and her kids were little we would always make a special trip to either pepperoni pizza.
3	Good for a quick pizza if that is what you are looking for. We tried the Greek pizza and white pizza. The white pizza was bland and I wouldn't get it again. The Greek pizza would be suffering from the same bland taste but fortunately the greek olives and feta cheese toppings added some good flavor.
4	Fine place to eat when visiting the Strip. It's not fancy so if that's what you want, this is not for you. Decor is old fashioned but the place seems clean. Service was friendly and we got out pizzas very fast. I thought the white pizza was good but kind of bland. My husband likes the Greek pizza better. Prices reasonable. Large portions. I would come back if craving Italian when I'm at the strip, but would be interested on trying something other than pizza.
