4	Everything they say about the Heavenly Bed is true!  So soft, so comfortable, so hard to get out of...Beyond that, I would call the Kierland more hotel than resort.  The Kierland was quite obviously built to house large conferences and events and that cuts into the 'resort' feel.  The lobby, while dramatic, is a bit stark and cold and several of the rooms overlook roofs for the ballroom or the main hotel entrance with it's proximity to the busy Scottsdale Road.However some rooms, especially those on the golf-course side of the hotel, are wonderfully peaceful.  Ask for a room overlooking the Sandpainter's Courtyard - I would step out onto my balcony to listen to birdsong and enjoy the quiet.The staff is beyond gracious, the rooms are spacious and the wealth of Arizona history lining the hallways is amazing.  The Kierland was built on land held by longtime Arizona residents with a passion for history and culture and that heritage is on full and wonderful display here.Bottom line - do not expect a typical 'resort' feel, but still consider this hotel a great option for the area.  And ask for a room on one of the 'canyons'!
5	The Westin Kierland is excellent Westin property in Scottsdale. Lets talk about the entrance, which is vast in size and its gorgeous. Very elegant and well decorated. The rooms are really good size giving you plenty of room so that you dont feel constricted. Many of them overlooking the golf course (which coincidentally I lived next to) give a great view. The pool area is completely awesome with the layout and size. They also have an incredible spa located on the property with all the full service spa options. The resort is located next to the Kierland Commons shopping plaza which offers a variety of shopping and dining options that you can walk right to. Plus, if your a golfer, of course the Kierland course is right there...but in addition, the Fairmont Princess course (where the Arizona Open is hosted) is right up the street. The Westin Kierland is one of my favorite places to stay whenever I go back to Arizona.
3	Beautiful attempt at a Hotel, but it comes off a bit to large and lacking charm in my opinion. It just seems to lack character that pulls the whole Hotel experience together. Don't get me wrong...they spent a lot of money making this Hotel and it shows! The lobby and main entrance, rooms, and grounds are all first class, but I felt lost most of the time I was there. However The Villas were more my pace. It's practically it's own mini hotel it's so far from the large resort. Nice pool areas that aren't to crowded and  smaller, more intimate, and easy to navigate grounds. In general The Westin is a beautiful new property, but for the price you want something with a little more personality.
5	I stayed here last year and we really enjoyed our stay. The beds are very comfortable and everything is very clean and professional. I also really enjoyed the large pools, lazy river and the golf was a plus. Its a very nice hotel, maybe a little pricey but very nice.
4	I have stayed in this hotel a few times. I think overall it's good. I am happy with the golf view. The restaurant is alright.Update 9/7/07 - I stayed over at this Hotel again....really great customer service!
5	This is a BEAUTIFUL hotel!!! I love my hotel room since I had a view of the golf course. In addition, the beds are awesome!!! They are so comfy!! I wanted to take the bed home with me. The pool area is nice. I went down the slide several times, and the lazy pool is relaxing. I had a conference at this hotel, and the food was decent. We were catered food for lunch and dinner during my stay. The hotel is expensive, but the environment is WORTH the price!
4	This is a beautiful property and an amazing hotel... if you're attending a conference.  Despite the words "resort & spa" in the title, I'm certain I would never come here on vacation.  Overall, the Westin Kierland is well-kept, professional, and wonderfully planned, but in the end winds up feeling a bit sterile for a vacation.One star is knocked off because our group requested early check-in, and upon arrival at 1:00 (which isn't very early), they didn't have any rooms available.  Instead, they suggested we take showers at the spa before our 2 p.m. business meeting.  Umm, no.  We waited around, and 25 minutes later something opened up, which left 35 minutes to change, shower, get ready, and go.  The rooms are large, but I think the best part was the shower.  Westin's typically have their trademark dual-shower-head contraptions in place, but this shower seemed beyond my usual Westin shower experience.  I didn't want to leave.  Ever.  But as I mentioned, I only had the half an hour to shower, etc before our meeting.  There is both a lobby bar and a saloon (located on the first floor) in this hotel -- the lobby bar seems to cater more to couples or more professional business folks while the saloon was full of post-conference people looking for a good time.  Nothing like drunken, rowdy, name-tagged convention patrons to start the night off right.
5	I am a frequent traveler and a Starwood Preferred member so I tend to frequent the Westin and Sheraton brands.  I have to say that this is an EXCEPTIONAL property.  The lounge and bar warm, rich and comfortable and the staff are incredibly helpful and friendly.  The outdoor patio area is flat out beautiful and the  huge open fire pit was irresistable.  I don't normally take advantage of stuff  like lounges and outdoor patios when I travel for business but it is just so well done it felt like it would have been a crime not to.The room service was CRAZY fast and the food was very good.  I didn't take advantage of the golf course and other resot amenities but at a glance it all looked top notch.  The conference facilities weren't the best I've seen but functional; on the plus side, the conference service staff was super-efficient.I will say that it was pricey but IMO it was worth every penny.
3	I stayed here over the weekend, and as far as the hotel and the amenities go, I think it's really a four star hotel.  The pool is a lot of fun, and has great activities for the family (mine didn't go, but my friends' did.)  The pool's water slide is awesome, and there are plenty of kids' activities.My main complaint - the hotel lay-out.  For a hotel that is so family oriented, it is REALLY spread out.  You need to walk forever from the main elevator to the outer rooms.  Considering that there are no additional drop-off options, for tiny legs, this really sucks.  I also didn't like the lack of thoughtfulness regarding the elevator size - you build a hotel with an adjoining golf course, you gotta expect wads of luggage - bigger elevators please!One other issue I had was the size of the room - considering how much I paid for the room, I thought that it wasn't that spacious - I was expecting a bit more.  My buddy paid less for a bungalow style room with multiple rooms at another resort hotel - while their pools weren't as nice, it seemed like a huge upgrade in the actual rooms.  So I give it 3 stars for the less bang for the buck and the lay-out factor.
4	I do not believe that I am going out on a limb when I state publicly that they're expecting company at the Westin Kierland Resort & Spa.  Lots and lots and lots of company.My room was, technically, on the second floor, and I walked down a Heathrow Airport length set of hallways in order to get to the place where they'd put me.  It was literally long enough that I considered the viability of grabbing some breadcrumbs while I was out, in order to better find my way back. Hyperbole aside, however, my room was totally great:  plenty of space to stretch out, wi-fi (see other hotels?  It's not that hard), one of those giant meandering pools the size of a mid-sized Latin American country in which to swim.   And swimming sounds pretty good when it's sizzling outside.  The bellmen (which sounds like a great name for a doo-wop group) were always ready to help but not obnoxious about it, and the staff at the front desk was super accommodating in my brief stay.  It's a little off the grid (I now get that Phoenix is sort of spread out), and there appears to be some decent shopping within walking distance nearby.  And if I stay here again, I'm definitely walking over to the shopping district and picking up a cigar.  And then standing in the sunshine until it catches fire.
4	They do a Breakfast Buffet all week 6am-11amIt used to be 17 but is now 25 a person it includes access to the buffet and oj, coffee, tazo teas.I called ahead to see if they used partialy hydrogenated oils, THEY DONT!!They voulenteered to call the vender they use for the bagels and called me back with the ingredients, once again it too did not have the oil.They serve bagels, bagel spreads of lox, butter, cream cheese, very thinnly slice purple onion, capers, thin tomato slices, other stuf.They make about 5 diffferent pasteries from scratch, different muffins, cheese danish, croisount, other stuff.Omlets with any thing you can think of, waffles, french toast, pancakes, steel cut oatmeal, home fries, fresh berries and whipped cream, bacon , and sausage, and they will make you juevos rancheros and other egg specialties. it is absolutley the best I go all the time
5	Staying at Westin's are always great. Why, the bed. As far as the room this is second best room of the Westin's I've stayed at. The whole place is really reflective of the family that this place is named after. A leading family that even has portraits of the older children. It is a full resort that I didn't have an opportunity to enjoy, golfing, spa etc. The staff is ultra-friendly and accommodating with greetings, knowledge with pamphlets of activities locally and staying open just a little longer. One can sit near an open pit fire enjoying the view at night with a beverage. There are on site stores one would need for golf and clothing. It's hard to give a quality review of a place you stayed one short night. It has a definite revisit from me. The location is out of Phoenix a ways but there are many stores etc near. Only bad thing. Traffic still is crap in the entire Phoenix metro area
4	Granted I was working the whole time I was there, but I definitely feel like I got to relax a bit. Wow, didnt realize how beautiful it would be. As soon as you walk up all yoiu see is huge windows from the front to the back looking over a golf course. I loved the water flowing from the hotel interior outside wtih all the fire pits. Everyone that worked there was the friendliest and so helpful. A smile goes a long way. So much outdoor space, i love it! (bias bc I am a meeting planner so I love outdoor space). The spa was wonderful! I was runninng a bit late so I didnt get to lounge as much as I would have liked. but the massage was one of hte best I have ever had. The pool looks amazing with the lazy river, but since it was Jan and I was working I didnt utilize it that much. Had a wonderful time here. Loved all the small touches, like my fav part of the day was watching the sunset on the balcony while the bagpiper played on the golf course. Life is just so hard!
4	I've not stayed at the resort - yet - hopefully this summer for one of their special family pkg rates :-)We did a couples massage here.  We had booked a special rain massge, at the last minute the quailified person to give it was unavailble, unfortuantely.  So we had just regular massage, side by side - still nice :-)Still, we made an afternoon of it, spa, walked the grounds, glass of wine in the lobby.  If you book a spa treament, be sure to give yourself alot of time to really enjoy everything, don't just run in, get service & dash.
3	I know, I know...it's way past Easter, but I had travel and meetings and whole pile of things to do and I just didn't get a chance to review Easter at the Westin Kierland until now.So here it is in one well chosen word...easy!!!!We got a suite at the Westin for Easter.Neither the Beautiful Carin or I had to do a friggin thing for Easter, except show up...Starwood Resorts did it all. They cleaned up after everybody, they provided games and fun for the kids, big screen plasma HD TV to watch the Master final round, and a great spot to do it all.The pool was nice and warm (as I understand it...way too many people and way too cold for me to go swimming...I let the flatlanders have the pool).Instead of Deseo or room service, we all brought along eats (I did my world famous beer can chicken and dirty rice...there is no bigger fan of my cooking than me:) ). I know I said we didn't have to do a thing, and we didn't "have" to, but I enjoyed the cooking and I didn't have to clean up, so good deal!We stayed at this resort before several years ago at Christmas, just before we moved to Arizona, and we liked the place then and we like it now (it does seem to be the holiday redoubt for us, so that may be a trend).No golf on Easter (except for the Masters on TV), but I have played all 3 nines at the Kierland many times and they provide a pleasant golf outing (a review for another day).All in all, a good way to do a relaxed and relaxing holiday.
4	While I've been to the Westin Kierland for various occasions including drinks and dinners at Deseo, extravagant events in the ballrooms, and most recently, Phoenix Cooks, tonight is my first actual overnight stay at this huge resort.  Centrally located just a quick walk from Kierland Commons, and dog friendly too, there's nothing negative I can say about this place!  Friendly staff all around, heavenly beds, and so much more to explore...Minnie and I are hanging in the room (with an incredible view I may add) while Jared is partying it up in one of the ballrooms, but we plan on taking full advantage of our staycation here tomorrow... I'll be checking out the fitness room, the pool (if the weather cooperates), and maybe even room service.  I plan on updating, but until then, I highly recommend this beautiful resort.
5	Second visit to this location, stay at Villas part and the place has gotten better in five years since I was here last time.   The Spa was perfect start and on a hot day was also perfect end with almost any service.   So much to do if you don't golf, pools all over, open 24 hours, lazy river, water slide, and service that is not over done, but just right.   And weather yes 100 degrees might be hot, but humidity isn't there, so it is perfect pool weather.
3	So, I will start by saying the vast majority of this resort is a 4 or higher star.  In general the service was fantastic.  The drinks were lovely. The surroundings and food was also great.  However, this particular property falls (and fails) on the adult/spa pool.  I like to have a calm, yet helpful, atmosphere at a pool (because I'm crazy like that).  If I'm going to relax, I like helpful people at the pool, waiters checking in and a quiet peaceful area (shocking).  Unfortunately this was a MAJOR Westin #fail.  Loud clanging gates (PAD THEM!) were annoying each time someone entered or left.  I'm talking about really loud and random.  just BOOM.  The staff was...wait, what staff?  One sorry guy running around in the heat as fast as he could?  With 52 people?  Hey, GM - let's talk about bad decisions.  Horrifying.  Not a single person at the pool was happy or relaxed.  Also, anyone cleaning up when people leave?  At 6pm only.  Ick.  This needs a major overhaul.  We also really enjoyed the power washing going on outside the pool.  That was heavenly and the same as a massage.  And by "massage" I mean hammers on our skulls.  Sadly, this ruins an otherwise very nice resort.  The staff is nice, helpful and the hotel is exceptionally cute and clean.  Other than the pool situation, there is a slight issue with the name of the main bar "The Rim."  Um, awkward.
4	Wonderful in-room massage by Gina and great service during a corporate meeting. However, the coup de grace was an employee bringing a tray, gratis, of yucca rolls (which are incredible and happen to be GLUTEN-FREE) to our meeting room, after a fellow Celiac Disease sufferer and colleague had raved about them at dinner in DESEO the evening before. I mean, WHO DOES THAT?!?!?Highly recommend this hotel for corporate meetings and my sister and her family enjoyed a stay here in December one year. Scottsdale is fantastic!
4	Wow, what a hotel!I was traveling on business and ended up Pricelining two nights here at $75 per night.  I'm always skeptical of PL's star ratings but this one was spot on.Everything about my stay here was wonderful!
4	This was my first trip to Scottsdale and because it was on the "company", I was really looking forward to it. I was scheduled to come in on Friday but came a day early to get a proper lay of the land. Upon my arrival (early, I might add), I noticed the long beautifully manicured entrance and surrounding grounds. The bell hops were very helpful as was most everyone during the stay. Instead of staying inside the hotel proper, I opted for one of the casitas (think free standing duplex) closer to the tennis courts and golf club. Room was spacious, well appointed. Pools were first class but not in a pretentious Miami/Vegas kind of way. One of my favorite things to do was to have a drink outside on the patio before dusk and the nightly bag piper started in. The spa, while typically over priced was worth thought. My favorite part of the stay was my daily tennis lesson with Tom, the local pro. He kept it fun, but challenging and even offered to come up on his day off. All in all, if you are looking for a great get-a-way, in a town known for leisure, I think the Westin Kierland Resort is worthy of consideration. Pictures to follow! Btw, if you are considering putting a corporate event together, this is a great destination.
4	The grounds here are great, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and there are some nice restaurants nearby.  They also make a good Mai Tai.  On the other hand, the rooms are nothing special (although the view of the golf course was nice), and the standard room rates seem high (we were only there for one night and got a bargain rate).  We didn't have a chance to try the spa.  It's four stars if you're into golfing, have kids (there's a neat man-made "lazy river" that's perfect for rafting), or if you can get a reduced rate (which they seem to offer fairly often based on the other reviews).  At full price, I'd knock it down to three stars due to the average room quality.
3	My husband and I just returned from a weekend stay at the Westin Kierland.  This was a belated anniversary trip, and we were excited for a couple of nights in a nice resort.On the upside, the Westin Kierland has beautiful grounds and all the staff we interacted with were courteous and professional.  We had a pool view room with a king-sized Westin heavenly bed.  The room was clean and well-maintained.  It was nothing special, but it was sufficient.  The adult pool, which was a welcome calm from the shrieking kids everywhere else, is open 24 hours a day, which is a nice bonus.  The food in the saloon was decent, and the drinks in the lobby bar (The Rim) were good.Unfortunately, however, this place was built with paper thin walls.  I am not a light sleeper, yet I was repeatedly awoken by the sounds of people merely passing by in the hallway.  Two members of the housekeeping staff carried on a 20 minute conversation about 15 feet from our closed door and I could hear every last bit of the staff gossip.Valet parking is $27/night.  Self parking is free, but the lot is a bit of a hike from the main entrance.So if it's a romantic stay you're looking for, I might suggest looking elsewhere.  If you're after a family-friendly resort or a place where golf is the main focus of your stay, the Westin Kierland is your place.If I could award a half star, I'd give this hotel a 3.5.  If I was going back to Scottsdale without kids or clubs, however, I'd probably stay elsewhere.
5	For the second year in a row the boyfriend and I have enjoyed a summer staycation at the Westin Kierland Resort. Even though it's only about 30 minutes from our house in Tempe the Westin Kierland makes us feel like we are away on vacation.The resort is very large with lots of comfortable places to relax, dine or explore. The have two large pools, one is for families and includes a lazy river and the other is an adult only pool, which is what we opted for. The pool area is really pretty and kept very clean. There are a ton of chairs so you don't have to worry about getting out there early to get a seat. There are also a lot of umbrellas so you can find shade even on the sunniest of summer days.They also have a pool waiter walking around making sure you have plenty of ice water or you can order drinks and food. I love being waited on at the pool!The rooms are pretty large with their heavenly bed. They are on par with the other Westin's I have stayed at.Right next door is an outdoor shopping center that has a lot of really great places to eat as well so you'll never be at a loss for things to do or eat.I would recommend the Westin Kierland to anyone from out of town or   to anyone in town who wants an easy weekend escape.
3	Wednesday, Girls' day for 4 (two rooms)Reservations-Making reservations = not seamless, took two phone calls and a facebook post to recover the summer deal on the rooms.Check-in...this hotel was desolate!  The pools, restaurants, halls, grounds were an expected AZ summertime wasteland.  Yet they stuck us with two rooms with a less-desirable view.  What?  You can't spare a golf course view or an upgrade during your 'off' season?  All four of our room keys failed, for two different doors, nothing like having to phone down and then WAIT!!!Concierge - left us messages to come see her for a special Starwood gift.  It was an apple shaped cookbook of apple recipes...ummm, I appreciate the thought, but what the heck does this have to do with AZ, Spa retreat, or luxury resort???  She also had unrelenting eye contact.  Very odd experience.Room - nice and neat.  Upon one use of toilet (#1 just so you know!), the toilet overflowed, which then had us calling for a handy-man and again another WAIT!!! Spa - + 30% off services for Phoenix residents on Wednesday!+ massage was awesome!!!!- small, scratchy spa towels- showers aren't the mulit-flow (rainforest) showers like most spas (disappointed with that)- hot tub right next to the restrooms, ewww!- It took FOREVER for the receptionist to charge 4 massages to one room number...again, another WAIT!!!  Pools...Adult Pool- Cabana reserved...NO other Cabana's reserved and they gave us the worst one, furthest form the pool.  What????  We moved, of course, but these are LOW rent Cabana's...I know this isn't Vegas, but 4 chairs, a table, a fan, and some iced water for $80??  - Bird POOP everywhere...on the chairs, on the umbrella's, on our clothes...ewwwwh!- Got 2 Midori margarita's in and they ran out of Midori.  WHAT kind of place is this???  + Coco, the pool guy was awesome!!  Very friendly, searched the grounds to get us another bottle of Midori, and took off the Cabana charge for our trouble.  That is good service!!  We love Coco!!Kids Pool+ The good thing was that there were hardly any kids so we could do the slides and lazy river with no trouble.  Don't get me wrong, I like kids, I have 2, but not when it is a girls' day.+ Slide was fun.- Tons of teens working their summer job...more interested in chatting it up with co-workers or totally uninterested/bored with the whole thing.Housekeeping...ignored the do not disturb and busted in on us around 9ish then argued with us about it.  So much for sleeping in!If this is how it is during the 'off' season, what is it like when this place is hoppin'?  It was OK, but did not live up to the hype of a Westin or Scottsdale resort.
5	Oh wow, this place is truly the go-to spot for relaxation.  I didn't partake in any of the restaurant or spa services, but I stayed here for two nights back in late May (when the average highs in Scottsdale were around 100) and I felt like it was the perfect time of year to be here.  The resort and hotel weren't overly crowded but it was a bit hard to find a quiet spot by the pool.  There are two pools by the way, one catered to families (kids) and the other for adults (mostly middle aged folks and up).  Our room was on the eighth floor and faced a really cool common patio area with fire pits and private golf course.  Hit up priceline to try to get a good deal on the Westin Kierland Resort.  It's also right across the street from the Kierland Commons shopping area.  Highly recommended!  DO IT!
4	Not just the standard Westin. Very clean nice rooms. Grounds were well taken care of. Golf course was a fun resort course. Pools were great, lazy river and all. Restaurants were tasty! Fairly priced! Great location, just of Scottsdale Blvd near great shopping and restaurants. I have to note that I stayed here under bad circumstances. I had an ill family member at the Mayo clinic and made reservations through AMX Plat Hotels, the management sent over a cheese plate to our room. It wasn't much but my mom was staying with me and it was the perfect little snack for her. They included a nice hand written note sending their best wishes and prayers. Something to be said when the management of a huge hotel does something this personable for an average guest. Thank you again!
4	a friend of mine was in town for a business trip... so what do i do? go spend a free night at a sweet hotel, obviously! this place was so nice. palm trees everywhere, golf course, a really awesome pool- complete with a lazy river and waterslide that we unfortunately could not check out. they had 24hr room service which was awesome. everything on the menu is ridiculously overpriced but i guess thats expected. a half bottle of absolute vodka = $60...seriously?! the beds are really comfy. the place is well staffed. i would definitely come back. =)
5	I've been to heaven, and it's the Kierland Westin.  It's absolutely beautiful.  The swimming pools and lazy river are so much fun, and i had drinks in the bar with a neurologist from New Jersey.  The staff are friendly and courteous, though I'm not sure hy they won't allow you to bring your own bags into your room.  The floor plan is a bit labyrinthine, so this turned out to be a blessing in disguise.  Expensive, but oh-so worth it.
2	Ok, I was really looking forward to staying at this resort, but I feel it was GREATLY overrated.  The only saving grace was the banquet facilities and the restaurant staff.I recently was in town for a business event that took place at the Westin.  We were discounted room rates (although still paying $200/room).I guess my dissapointing experience started when I pulled up to check in, and needed to promptly leave for an event directly after checking in, and was forced to valet my car (could not leave it in the entry for a few minutes).  They were definitely not very accomodating.  (on a side note, the valet option is one of the only options $27/night, otherwise you end up walking about 1/4 mile to a "guest" parking lot.  Makes me feel really valued as a guest)From the website, it looked as if even the entry level rooms were quite spectacular... they ARE NOT.  The walls were paper thin, we could hear everything going on in the room next to us, as well as the maids in the hallway.  The shower was TINY, I haven't had a shower so small since I was going to college.  There was NO tub, as was stated in the room description.  There was also no Free WiFi.  I was rather shocked when I found out that after you pay $200+ for a room,  they still tack on daily charges for WiFi.  (seriously?? pinch some more pennies)I will say the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the food from room service was pretty good.  However, after paying resort rates, I would have expected a little more from the whole experience.I doubt I would stay here again, there are so many resorts in the Scottsdale area, and I am sure they would value my business a bit more than the Westin Kierland.
4	the resort is swanky.  very deluxe.  loads of amenities and nice-ities (if that's how you spell it).  the bar downstairs has some great shuttle board game - some people get waaayyy too into that game btw!  they have great scotch.  and don't miss your opportunity to sit outside by the fireplace and have some drinks when the weather is perfect and the views are excellent.  I didn't go into the "family pool" - only the adult pool and it sufficed for my leisurely needs.  i did, however, advantage of the spa - see next review.  the buffet for breakfast was pretty good with it's selection of muffins, pancakes, etc... another added benefit to this resort is that it's walking distance from the mall right across the street with the tommy bahama's and the sushi place, some decent local shopping. although i would try to avoid walking around an outdoor mall in arizona in the summer.  they do their best to blow cold water on you as you walk around outside but sheesh, it does NOT do the trick.  you're plain baking and the shops look a lot less appetizing when you're on fire.  the resort itself though was very good.  4 stars.  location, pool, spa, bars, restaurants, everything you can ask for.  perhaps the only downside (which isn't a downside for some) was the high number of kids walking around everywhere.  if you're a business man on travel, it's torrible but if you're a couple looking for something romantic, it's not ideal .
4	I am 98% sure that every single room has a balcony or patio. If you want a lovely view, ask for a room facing the golf course (you will be looking north). In addition to a great vista with not too many buildings, you can hear and see the bagpipe player each evening at sunset.If you want sunshine, ask for a room facing the front of resort. I was here in January and wished I had this kind of room.
3	Staff was friendly as expected. I was surprised at how thin the walls were though. While sleeping in my room, I could clearly hear my neighbor open and close his closet and set up his ironing board at 5 am. I felt like he was sharing my room.
2	The WALLS oh the WALLS!  They are toooo THIN! you can hear everything!  BUT the BED oh the BED! I slept sooooo good!
5	I heart Westin hotels--I completely buy in to all that heavenly stuff in beds, showers, etc.--and this is now one of my favorites. Beautiful property with many amenities and a superb staff. Cost to worth it rating: 3.5 (satisfied with their rates based on other resorts higher prices) Eve award: one of top 5 hotels I've stayed at Highlights: - Full service resort: I've been to places with pools, a restaurant, and a spa, but this extends to so much more. Multiple restaurants and places to sip drinks, activity schedule, several pools, and expansive grounds. It reminded me of a cruise ship experience without the cheesy factor or being confined in. - Pool areas: a mellow adult pool with a lap area sectioned off, a fun large swirly/curved shaped pool, lazy river, and even a waterslide. Areas are surrounded by cabanas I'm sure are perfect sanctuaries on really blistering hot days. A bar with food (note can order off the room service menu) is just a few steps away to ensure your thirst and hunger needs don't go unsatisfied. - Drink areas: the rim itself has the bar area as well as the comfy chairs in the mid-section and expansive outside including an awesome fire pit. The xxx has a cozy western room theme specializing in whiskeys and bourbons. Deseo has a lounge specializing in muddled drinks like mojitos and often with a fabulous Cuban??? Artist creating colorful paintings right there. - Staff: impressed by how professional, friendly, and welcoming each person was during our stay - Arizona art: scattered all around the property are unique art pieces like the one in the center of the water by the golf course. In addition there and gorgeous palm trees and cactus planted throughout. - Location: just a few minutes from wherever we wanted to go (restaurants, downtown, etc.) and across the street from the lovely outdoor Kierland commons shops - Kid-friendly: activities and places they can go to have their own fun - Balcony: like that our standard room has this small space outside with a table and 2 chairs - Parking: valet is free til 11pm and have option to continue the no-charge by self-parking in the big lot in front overnight Lowlights: - Resort fee: I'm all for what the place has to offer, but wish would just include in the rate vs charge extra since you don't have the option to deny it - Wireless charges: broadband is included but it's up to 24/day extra for wireless which bothered me On my first visit for a weekend away, fell in love with this resort as well as Scottsdale. Definitely will be back--hopefully as part of my regular trip rotation.
5	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Comfortable beds, awesome pools, beautiful lobby - I love it here.
5	I've stayed at a few Westin hotels throughout the country, and have been to this particular one twice and have never been disappointed!  This place is humongous an is pet friendly!  They've got a golf course, fully equipped gym, a luxurious spa, and two pools - one of which is designed like a lagoon that encircles around a large circumference. They provide inner tubes for you to float and relax lazily along the water, too! It is also walking distance to some great shopping and restaurants like mastro's and ra sushi. The lobby is luxurious and beautiful with plenty of comfy couches and chairs to relax on.  The rooms are of decent size, always nice and clean.  We also had access to the club room where they provide complimentary breakfast and snacks/beverages throughout the day. One of the things I most appreciated about this place is that they offer complimentary filtered water and free usage of their stainless steel water bottles (very environmentally friendly). Like any other hotel they also have overpriced plastic bottles of water for those who have different preferences as well.  Their "heavenly" beds and shower heads are truly quite heavenly. They also gave us vouchers for a free gift bag which was a nice surprise. I love anything free! Overall, starwood alliance hotels are definitely worth staying at, and i would be back here again!
5	Just returned from a five day stay.  One of the best family vacations we've ever had.  Our focus was relaxation and Kierland delivered!!  After our visit, we're sold on Westin!
5	We had, by far, one of our best family vacations here last month.  From start to finish, we were thrilled with the accommodations, service, amenities and resultant relaxation.  The spa was overpriced... But we knew that going in, so anything we did, we did with eyes wide open.  We're looking forward to a return visit!!
4	The beds are comfy, the rooms are clean, the service is great, the views are spectacular, the amenities were apropos... I stayed up a little late after the conference to enjoy the firepit and the drinks.  Staff ensured that the wood burned all night and the drinks flowed.  Check in and out was easy.  I had a small issue with a charge being added to my account after checkout but the situation was remedied when I brought it to their attention within 7 business days.  I will definitely look for Starwood resorts in any city I travel to in the future!
4	The check in was awesome, fast and friendly.  The only thing I did not like was that our room was like located so far from the front lobby, it was like we had to go through a maze to get to it.  Anyone who has stayed at the Carson towers at the Nugget in Vegas, u know what I mean. But the service was IMPECCABLE.  They have a beautiful dessert display at sundown, so u can take a dessert back to ur room. Check out was very easy.  We opted out of the valet. I dont think paying $26.00 bucks a night is necessary.  The free parking is not that far. However if you dont plan to go to the spa or work out, you can opt out of the resort fee. We should have opted out, but we didnt because we were undecided on what to do. Beautiful resort and very very friendly staff willing to serve you whole heartedly.  The only thing I was upset over is when we went to dinner at Tommy Bahamas, we got stuck in the elevator for 20 minutes. Either than that, the resort experience was more like 5+ stars, not 4.
5	Attended two conferences here and have been amazed by the property's facilities, food, and service.  The staff here is top notch and goes over the top to make you feel at home and special.  I asked about the sculpture on the golf course and they brought me a pamphlet explaining the origin of the sculpture, the artist, and the property.The food we were served for lunch & dinner at the conference was amazing too......Filet & Mashed Potatoes for dinner and Cold Cut Sandwiches for lunch.  The food was quality and fresh.  The servers knew how to deliver and pick up the dishes without making too much noise as to distract us from the keynote speakers......you don't find that skill too often anymore.Overall, it's a great place to organize/attend a meeting.  Plan to return for a vacation.Return Factor - 100%
5	What a beautiful hotel/resort. I had the pleasure staying 5 nights while attending a conference and was totally impressed with just about everything.....service, comfort, decor, golf course, pool, conference support....and the guy in a kilt playing bagpipes every evening on the golf course next to the outdoor seating area was a perfect touch.I would recommend everything here except maybe Deseo, the upscale restaurant on the property. My business partner enjoyed an excellent bottle of Argentinian wine, ceviche appetizer (excellent), but had to return our bone-in rib eye steaks for being overcooked. The hotel is also perfect for families with kids. The 2 pools are huge and the hotel has lots kid stuff going on.I will definitely be back and would recommend the Westin Kierland to anyone spending time in Scottsdale.
3	So, my dad and I went to go surprise my mom on a business trip. We drove 1700 miles from Indianapolis IN. I was pretty impressed. First that it was 65 degrees in January (hello Shorts and T-shirt) and further more how fancy it actually looked. We roll up, Park the car on the ramp, I begin to head in, As usual an over zealous valet comes up. Much like a remora waiting to feed on the scraps of the shark. He comes up, first impression, total douche. Started talking down to me like I was some child. One star gone. I drive an OLD van, I mean like people were saying "Damn that thing made it all the way from Indianapolis?!?" So she's rickety. Anyway, While sitting on the ramp my radiator explodes. Sending radiator fluid EVERYWHERE!!!!! Then the valet (who I will gladly call out), Brock, went into "GET TO THE CHOPPAH" mode and told me to move my car ASAP. So as he continued to talk down to me explaining how "Important" it was that we move the car because it'll stain the ramp (which I can respect) and how it's so annoying when that happens because HE has to clean it up every time. I used to be a valet, I understand when cars break down, I know how to fix it. I ALSO know how do deal with it when the ramp gets slammed. This guy did not. He was in all essence, a little bitch. A week later I spoke to management. I called them up a few months later and they said the problem had been taken care of... Which in hotel terms means "Slapped on the wrist"Aside from all of that bull crap. I had a pretty nice time. Great staff (aside from A-hole Brock.) and a wonderful neighborhood! I had a great time! While you're there, pick an orange! I hear they're divine!
4	The rate was great this weekend.  The pool was great.  This is a great hotel, one of the best in Phoenix.  Beware of the new Resort charge of $25.  This is new.  But overall it was a great stay.  Thanks Kierland.
4	Here for a conference like all the other employees for our company writing reviews. Staying here for 5 days, this place is HUGE!! The rates are almost 200 a night.CONSOk the food here is alright. The snack bar is over priced at 4 dollars a vitamin water. I'm working in a conference room on the ground level and there are fruit flies flying around. In my room there was a fruit fly as well buzzing at 1 AM so I had to kill it and lost countless hours of zzzs.Not all channels in HD in the room. I wanted to watch Travel channel and sadly its SD in mono.Also since this place is huge, you're walking forever to get to your room after your elevator ride up. There might be a shortcut, but I don't know.PROSVery close to the shopping center, just walk across the street. The golf course is beautiful, everything about the resort is pretty awesome. Make sure to look at the art work on all over.The beds are nice, the Shower head is spectacular and truly is heavenly as they describe.If you opt out of room service you get a 5 dollar credit for food - used it for an energy drink. You also get a free tote during your stay. NOTE the 5 dollar credit does not work at the gift shop. I wanted to buy a mug for 7.99 but they didn't take my voucher. Wasted 15 mins in there.OK so all in all, imagine sex in the city 2 in dubai - they got the Audis Q8s in the front parked. People are driving out of the places in black Chrysler 300s, on the all paved brick, it looked awesome as I was walking in the 90 degree heat.Finally the pool - amazing puts the Las Vegas resorts to shame.Unfortunately I'm not a fan of Arizona.
4	For large group events, this place is pretty nice. Great pools, decent food, nice bars, golf, and convenient shopping nearby. Rooms are spacious and well furnished. Tip: don't come in the summer. There's only so much golf and pool you can do in 105 degree weather
1	Here's to a fitting example of why I often hate being in Arizona. Walk into the Westin lobby and turn right. There you will find a "history" of Geronimo that calls him a man who "struck terror into the hearts of settlers". Nearby is a painting of gallant American soldiers riding horses called "An Apache Raid - Ride to the Rescue". How lovely to see soldiers on their way to slaughter or deport the local men, women and children. A quote from Geronimo is nearby where he describes how much he loves the beauty of Arizona and wishes more than anything he could be buried there and inspire his people to survive. Of course he was never able to return. Arizona would become a territory where the new settlers would boast about surviving in the "rough" and "wild".There are a few more pictures and write-ups in this area that characterize the federal government as slow and full of excuses, and that make the job of rounding up locals and pushing them into internment camps sound like a noble and justified day's work -- like pulling out the native weeds to put in asphalt and golf courses.Meanwhile, downstairs by the meeting rooms, overlooking the nauseating grass hills artificially watered and fertilized to fight back the native beauty of the desert...there are quotes and photos of the early land developers. Herberger is quoted saying "I would rather have land than money anyday". He bought land that no one else wanted (too rough and wild) and said it was a beautiful place. No kidding? All that stuff Geronimo said was right? Too bad you lost 100 years and violated human rights before you found this nugget of wisdom. I guess the irony of destroying all the locals and their appreciation of the area and stealing their land is lost on the curators of this homage to genocide. Maybe that's why they don't put the exhibits on the same floor. Instead they give giant kudos to a department store manager from Minnesota who somehow figured out in the 1950s that Arizona is pretty enough to develop for football and golf. Oh, look, a picture of Ronald Reagan. Excuse me while I wipe my vomit off the nicotine stained carpet. Yes, the hotel reeks of smokers. Even the cushions outside have the unmistakable odor of cancer. Although I was asked to stay here for a conference, I refused after seeing their sad and lopsided "view" of history plastered all over the walls. This hotel is a shrine of ignorance that makes settlers look like they were defending themselves as they steamrollered over the native people of this land...and then they claim that beauty was really discovered by property developers? I want nothing to do with this hotel.There are many other fine places to stay in the area obviously that do not openly celebrate genocide as justified. And if I wanted to golf I would go to Scotland, not Scottsdale.One last point. The help at the restaurants are beyond clueless. It amazes me to watch these kids wander aimlessly among the tables. I was surprised when one finally worked up the courage to ask me if I would like to order a drink. In three hours of sitting outside my party was only able to order once, we then had to pay as soon as the waiter said his shift ended and he disappeared without bringing us change or a receipt. Before trying to eat here I would never have believed servers could be this untalented. My favorite server to watch was the young woman who hovered and doted on an old man three times her age for half an hour, bringing him drinks and free food, while a half dozen tables were completely neglected nearby.
4	There are a lot of people who have reviewed this place and have pretty much made the same points I have to share. I came here for a long conference and stayed for many moons, so I really got the chance to get to know some portions really well (and others not so much).  I didn't get to play in the lazy river or golf, but others with me enjoyed this immensely. I did get to take a night in the adult pool and jacuzzi and hit up the spa for a pedi and appreciated having those services. Other than that, it was meeting rooms, hotel room, eating and courtyard for me, not always in that particular order.The rooms are nice and I was really happy with mine. I asked for one close to the elevator because I knew how long I was staying and am glad I did. It's a big hotel and I saw other people have to walk a ton. Great bed, great shower and I had a giant balcony. Totally satisfied with that, and I like the $5 voucher they give you every day you decline room cleaning.  The wireless and cell sucks throughout the place, and being without decent wireless for a week-and-a-half was absolutely painful. That's pretty unacceptable when so many people are there for conferences, we have work to do! I like the notion that these people are into fresh air, but this concept is completely lost when you walk out on the courtyard and they are selling cigars. Ugh. It's gross enough but to advertise that you're into clear air while you sell those just is wrong.  The meeting rooms were nice and the buffet food and sack lunches (different meals, different days) were decent. Always huge quantities, meh on selection at some points.  The best was a private meeting working lunch (wow!), the weakest were huge quantites of whatever they could make large quantites of. It stinks that the bottom level of rooms has no wireless or cell at all.The food selection gets very old very quick and costs an arm and a leg. Deseo is awesome and worth every penny, but they are only open after a certain time and only on certain days. That leaves you with the Saloon and restaurant downstairs, which is the same kitchen as for room service.  If you are in your room or in the restaurant, you can't argue with the promptness, but if you are in the saloon or the courtyard, sign over your evening now. Everything takes so long, it is impossible to get a lunch and get back to a meeting. There are only a couple girls working it, and half of them are none-too-pleased at that idea.  If you have the time (or the energy after a long day), walk over to Kierland Commons and eat there. If you are on vacation, you have no excuse. Go. They have a ton of different choices there from burgers to sushi, so something for everyone. It's too bad though because the courtyard is a lovely place to hang out for the evening. The temps drop, the company is good and it is a great place to run into people. But it is a better place for drinks and laughter than a meal. If you're into fruity drinks, grab a strawberry daq. They pack a powerful punch! And plan to shower as soon as you get in your room so your hotel doesn't reek of cigarsOverall, it's a nice place in a nice area. The views are lovely, you can walk and eat and shop, and the rooms are nice. Best sleep in awhile!  I can even forgive the bagpipes, which I'm not a fan of, but I think they could step it up with the food offerings and wireless accessibility.
4	Not gonna lie, I don't stay at nice hotels very often - as a matter of fact, if I do it is because someone else is paying and as was the situation at The Westin Kierland; perhaps the most lux resort I've ever had the opportunity to visit.From the top notch linens to the concierge who pretty much thinks of everything, from the immaculate grounds to the gym better than the sort you pay for at home the place certainly has it all, but at a price - and then another $25/day "resort fee" tacked on for good measure.Don't get me wrong, I like the luxury - but I don't need it - and if you're going to charge me on the front end then please don't nickle and dime me later.
3	I was also here on someone else's dime....because otherwise I could never afford it here. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure if you are into golf and/or spas, this place is heaven. Both those things are lost on me, and I don't get in a bathing suit in front of people I work with....so it was mostly my room or meeting rooms for me.I feel for as much as my company paid for this room, it should have been five stars. But it wasn't....here's the breakdown:PROS:* Beautiful setting - I mean, gorgeous. Like a movie could be filmed here. Immaculate lawns, gorgeous pools, beautiful decor in the common areas. * "Heavenly" beds and showers. I saw this when I made the reservation and was honestly making fun of it. But it's true - at least for the shower. So good, I took two showers a day. Very comfy bed.* Balcony - I LOVED being able to open the door and get fresh air. I mean, LOVED it. I'm from Seattle and at this time of the year it's cold, rainy and we have the heat on. It was a treat to see sun. Looks like every room had one.* Staff - I was greeted by literally everyone working at this place, including a super cute little old lady in the lobby who was the fancy equivalent of a Walmart greeter.* If you give up daily housecleaning, they give you a $5 food/drink voucher. Being by myself, it was not an issue to not have maid service each day. I had plenty of towels, etc and the front desk replenished toiletries if needed.CONS:* Pricey.  I did my research before I got here and purposely rented a car so I could eat elsewhere. My room had a refrigerator so I stocked up on a few things at the grocery store. Came in handy.* Internet - ugh. HORRIBLE. I'm not sure how internet is this bad in 2011 but it seriously hampered my ability to work while I was here. Took forever to connect to pages; I timed out twice while trying to check in to my flight online. Really?* Somewhat strange layout - I probably walked 1/8th of a mile from my room to the elevators several times a day. This maybe isn't entirely a con because the exercise was good....but it's a bit inconvenient when you um, forgot your cell phone in your room and don't realize it until you're in the lobby.* Some stuff in my room didn't work - a couple outlets, for example. * I've never in my life seen a hotel where they provide you with a toilet plunger. Never a good sign, and it doesn't get  better when you actually have to use it. Ick.I didn't eat here other than a smoothie at the coffee store (yuck, tasted like Pepto Bismol) and what was provided at the conference. I went to Kierland Commons(which can be walked to) or drove a little ways to find other options. If you are even a wee bit adventurous and have a car, you'll find treasure just a few miles away and your wallet (or your expense account) will thank you.I also was not subjected to the resort fee, unless it was tacked on to my room rate and I didn't know it.
4	Only 4 stars because there was lots of stuff broke in the rooms (for a triple diamond hotel and the price paid they need to get that fixed).  I say "rooms" too because several people staying told me the same thing.  Overall amazing experience though.  Great staff, great conference area, great food and desserts.  I really enjoyed the grounds too - it is hard to find a more amazing view.  just flat out enjoyed my time here for the SMX Social Media conference.
4	Nice place to stay. Very friendly.
5	For my first time staying at a Westin and visiting Arizona, I was very pleased with this hotel. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and my room was amazing. I was surprised by getting a nice and comfortable room on a higher floor and the view from the balcony was breathtaking. I stood on it every evening and morning. Bring a camera! The beds were even better...the pillows, heavenly and super soft. I slept better in that bed than I have in my comfy one at home. I was later pleased to hear that they sell them on their website. Smart. I had to get up early to work at a conference hosted in the resort that week, but if I could have stayed in bed longer, I wouldn't have stopped hugging the feathers out of these amazing pillows. My favorite things about the resort (besides the awesome beds) were the saloon and the Deseo restaurant. May have been one of the best dining spots I have been in a while. With phenomenal wines on the menu, dishes filled with a melange of delicious flavors and fresh ingredients, and their bread is some of the best I've ever had. I would highly recommend going on a nice dinner date here or out on a business dinner. You won't be disappointed! The saloon below the lobby is also a great spot to grab some drinks and enjoy some bourbon or scotch. If you are a golf enthusiast, they have a large golf course on site. By far, I will say that the fire pit outside is THE best amenity of this resort. With comfy large couches surrounding the fire put, drink service available, blankets there to keep you warm, this is the perfect spot to lay back and relax with friends in the evening. Everyone should have a fire pit. At 5pm every day for an hour, the hotel has a very talented Scottish bagpiper who wanders around the fire pit and golf course, entertaining those outside with some great music. I would love to stay here again sometime! This place is quite nice and may be my favorite hotel that I've had the pleasure to stay in thus far.
5	Recently had our Christmas Party at the resort, there were 1200 of us and the level of service we received was beyond outstanding.  The food was incredible, I have never had a steak cook to perfection and delivered to the table warm and tender, especially with the number of people that we had.  The service was outstanding.
5	We love Starwood hotels and this one did not disappoint! Beautiful resort and I can't wait to come back and spend more time at this place. The golf course looks incredible and I don't even golf. They were very accommodating with a late checkout so that I could enjoy the spa in the morning and not feel rushed. I know they were very busy too since the Insight and Fiesta Bowl were both taking place that weekend. There's really great shopping/dining just across the street and the spa is unbelievable. I had a facial and a massage and I felt like I was in heaven. Very impressive facilities and staff was very professional.
4	We came here this past weekend for a family reunion. We received a pretty good deal on rental car and hotel room ... and I found out why when we arrived. The nifty pool with a drifting river has been closed until Feb 16th. While initially I was disappointed with that, the hotel and its staff have completely made up for it. We've gone to the adult pool, to all of the restaurants, and I've even had a pedicure. A long walk around the property is fun; there are a tonne of lovely places to sit and enjoy the view.I'll post more later once I recover from the meal I just ate at Deseo.
4	Fantastic place to have a vacation..love this place. Close to shopping too...
5	Scottsdale: Westin Kierland Resort and Spa: Westin Resort in Scottsdale AZ....."Heavenly" My g/f and I stayed here for a weekend in March of 2010, the purpose of our visit was for a concert, and to visit with some friends. Scottsdale AZ is all about these resorts/spas and attached golf courses, but the Westin Kierland is one of the best from the rest that we've stayed at so far.The hotel is located right off of Scottsdale road, and behind and next to Kierland commons (an outdoor shopping complex with plenty of choices for restaurants and shops) The shopping plaza is literally a 2 minute walk across street from the hotel. There are also plenty of shopping complexes along Scottsdale Road.The property itself is massive, and yet manageable, there is a huge parking lot with plenty of parking spaces (Hertz rent-a-car not only has spaces to pick-up and leave your car there but a Hertz desk in the check-in area) They also have valet but we didn't use their services, and parking is free. When you walk up to the front of the property you are greeted (if the time of the season is right) with the sweet, loving scent of jasmine (they have jasmine plants all along the walk paths that lead you up to the hotel (a sweet, plus in my book). When you walk in you the first thing you notice is what is behind the hotel and that is an outdoors gathering and commons area, where you can sit and chat, or have a meal and look onto the golf course or light a fire at night.The hotel is broken into two wings a west and east wing, in the east wing is the concierge desk (who have a small gift waiting for you as hotel guests) they can also print out your boarding pass', and you can also get a list of places in kierland commons (the shopping area) and if you show your Westin Key-card you get discounts and special promotions etc. and beyond that is the spa, and gift shop, and the grand ballroom. To the west wing is the check-in desk (because of the time of my arrival my check-in was a bit lengthy but I understand) beyond the check-in area are the elevators, the restaurant (deseo), the office of "fun", and to the pool area.The property also has what they call the "casita" village a complex that can be reached by golf course or short walk passed the pool areas. The casita village were more guest rooms but in a secluded complex.The room was a typical Westin room clean, spacious, filled with their "heavenly" products like soaps, shampoos and conditioners. The beds are the most "heavenly" of them all maybe except for the typical bath-tub (another major plus in my book) and the dual shower heads. But the beds were large and comfortable with plenty of pillows and their "heavenly" comforter, it's like sleeping on and in a cloud (pure bliss).The pool area is large there are two pool areas and they are all somewhat gated. The adult pool area is small and quiet with a large pool and has a swim lane for those who want to swim laps. The much larger, more raucous kids pool is where most people hung out with plenty of cabanas, and food and beverage people taking orders. There is a large pool, and then there is a large lazy river with inner tubes to float down in relaxing comfort (a huge plus). Beyond the pools are recreation areas with table football, an RC car racetrack, two table tennis courts, and an over-sized chess board. There is also a basketball hoop with basketballs and two tennis courts (where you can either reserve tennis lessons or reserve the courts to play).Back to the "fun" office this is where this resort gets another star because it is great for families, with young children because there are a ton of events put on by the staff for not only the adults but for kids as well. For example we saw a schedule in the "fun" office that offered a kids pajama party, arts and crafts, and a kids only talent show (now they came at a fee but to have these events for kids was very welcoming) They also had supervised field trips to the zoo, snorkeling lessons, and plenty of poolside events that were kids only which again made the hotel less "stuffy" and "adults only" type of resort but for everybody.This Westin is on par, and in some instances a cut above some of the other Westin properties it maybe a pricey but let's not forget Scottsdale AZ is a resort town and you are going to pay some "resort town" prices, but for all negatives the positives far outweigh them, and this property is "heavenly" experience.
4	Enjoyed staying at this hotel for several nights.  The only thing bothered me was the pillows.   They were too flat and gave me neckache.  Other than that, everything else was great, including the maid service.  She did very good job of cleaning the room and did not miss anything.  I loved the desserts served in the lobby area.
5	We love Westin products but even we were surprised by the degree of fabulous this resort has. Everything lovely. Rooms big and beautiful. Firepits and fun outdoors. Lazy river pool, golf and wonderful shopping nearby.mwe will go again!!
3	Great place to stay, play and relax. Only three stars for the food which is terrible here - trust me. There are plenty of decent restaurants in the area.
5	If you've got the Starwood Points (or the cash) this is THE place to stay while visiting Scottsdale.  Its in the BEST location, has a great pool, complete with a lazy river and activities to keep kids and adults busy alike.  Highlights of the trip are drinks during sunset with the bagpipes playing on the golf course and FREE smores with the kids in the playground until 8 pm.
3	Way over priced!It is a nice hotel, but not for the price you pay...at these rates you could have creme de la creme at a Ritz. I will say everybody was really nice and friendly. The room is nice, but the sheets a little rough. The pools are okay. For me the pools and the building are not that asethically appealing and kind of blah. Loved seeing the bunnies on the way to the pool. The running trail I thought would go around the golf course it nothing but a trail along the main roads...disappointed so I turned back. The Nellie restaurant was bad and the menu at the pool is very small and not fantastic but decent...again not what is expected at the caliber of a hotel such as this. I did love the bagpipes in the evenings. Mehhh I will try another resort if I ever go back to Scottsdale.
5	For the price, I love this property. Over the last five years, I have stayed here for both work and personal events and always have had a top-notch experience. The staff is professional, the grounds are continually maintained, the food is good, and the atmosphere is wonderfully relaxing. I look forward to future stays at this hotel.
2	So many pros and cons here - let's start out positive, but continue reading if you want the other input. - Terrific location in Scottsdale close to shopping and restaurants (if that's what you want).- Visually stunning as you walk in and look out to the distance over the golf course- Love sitting around the fire pit with a glass of wine.  I do wish they'd put chairs instead of benches.  Slightly awkward if you're alone or want to really relax.- Gorgeous grounds- delicious desert counter in the evenings in the lobby!However,- We booked online through the Starwood website.  None of our requests (only 2) were sent to the hotel.  We're talking simple things like non-alergenic pillows and high floor.  We got in late, so I addressed it the next morning and was told whoever booked it must not have transferred the codes.  I showed her the notes on my printed confirmation and told her I don't care what internal issues are involved.  Bottom line, I didn't get anything I requested.  - Room had an adjoining door.  Luckily the first night, nobody was next door.  The 2nd night, I got to listen to the couple next door talking, watching TV, and then having sex.  At the sex point I finally called the front desk (after 11pm) and told them I need another room to sleep in and that I'm leaving my stuff here.  I just want to sleep and come back in the morning.  The sent me to a room in the middle of a hallway completely surrounded by other rooms, more than my first room.  I refused - finally got a room at far end of hallway and slept soundly.  Next morning when trying to charge breakfast and other items, staff kept saying we checked out.  Had to explain over and over that we're not checked out.  Anyway, it wasn't the couple's fault next door - the walls are just paper thin.- Tried to book a cabana at adult pool in advance, but was told they only do full day cabana rentals.  Bummer.  Didn't reserve one since I knew I wouldn't be to pool until 2pm.  Got to pool and probably only 4 out of about 15 cabanas appeared to be booked.  Apparently, they'd rather leave money on the table instead of doing half day rentals of cabanas.  Oh well.  They could have made more that day.  Spoke to pool manager later (just by chance) and he said, oh, see me next time.  I can arrange it for you.  OK, well I called the number on the website for cabana rentals.  Apparently, that's not the route to take.  The spa doesn't have the authority to do 1/2 day.  DON'T make me jump through hoops to figure out who to talk to.  I'm just trying to spend money!!!  The cabanas are not worth it anyway.  They're just patio tables under the tent.  Not like other hotels that have TV's, ceiling fans, etc.  These cabanas are old and outdated.- Pool service ended at 6, at which time children are allowed at the adult pool when their's closes.  At 6pm there was probably still 25 adults at the pool.  Such a shame, more money left on the table.  These people would continue to order food and drinks if they could.  Oh well.- Pool menu is very limited for drinks.  If you want white zinfandel, you're set.  There's only 3 wines and they won't go to another bar to get more options (I kept forgetting I'm not at the Four Seasons).  What you see is what you get and we're not going to do anything else.- 1 server for entire adult pool area.  This is Scottsdale and it's high season.  Seriously - get some help out here.- Green your room - this is one of those hotels where you're assaulted with fliers about reusing your towels, get extra SPG points for not having maid service, save water, save our world, etc.  How about no maid service, & give me $50 off my bill.  Why tell me to conserve water when you have green grass surrounding your entire resort, including alongside the pool, driveway, walkways, etc.  How about instead of telling me to conserve water, you conserve water and rip out some of your unnecessary grass in the DESERT!  If I'm paying your rates, I want a fresh towel!  Do you really need grass lining the 1/4 mile long driveway and around the pool that needs watered year around?  - I'm not cheap, but the room service breakfast prices are seriously out of control.  I think the cheap breakfast was $24.00 + $3.00 delivery + 22% gratuity.  Really?  22% we're charging now???  When will it cap out?  And I don't understand the delivery fees hotels charge for room service.  Work it into the $24 eggs I'm ordering and $14 pot of coffee.  What's my alternative?  Will you let me go to the kitchen and bring it up myself?  I will.OK - I'm out of room to type according to Yelp.After talking to manager at check out about the noise issue and requests not honored at check in, no refund, no discount, just extra SPG points.  Gee thanks.  I had to come through your lobby in pajamas at 11pm and you can't offer a break for my inconvenience????
4	4.5 stars.  I stayed here while attending a conference and thought it was great.  I got in pretty late and was feeling cranky, but everyone I dealt with was so nice, I got over it.  I was put on the 9th floor which had a decent view.  I never got to take advantage of the lounge since I was in meetings all day, but it looked nice.The room itself was mostly modern and clean, and I didn't really hear my neighbors.  The chair with the ottoman was very comfortable and all the bath products were nice.  The only negatives were that the sheets were a little on the stiff side, and the popcorn ceiling.  The food served during the conference, which there was a lot of, was also surprisingly good for hotel food. Seems like a great facility for conferences, and I'd stay here again, if only to have time to use the pool area.
5	What a treat this place is!! Thankfully and lucky me, I am part of the friends and family hot deals and got an amazing rate on a Villa for the weekend. Make sure if you are staying in the Villa's you know that they are completely separate to the main resort, including a different check in lobby as well. The moment you walk into this resort you are greeted with smiling faces and treated like royalty. I was very impressed with their hospitality and customer service. The guy (bell hop) who carted us to our room was so helpful and friendly, he sincerely seemed like he really enjoyed his job:) The shuttle drivers were also very accommodating. They drive around every 5 minutes so you're guaranteed no wait for more than 3 minutes. I like how they would drive you to the resort, or even drop you off and pick you up at any of the shops/restaurants across the street in the high end shopping mall, 24 hours a day!!  Now onto the BEST part of this hotel - the pools!! Over in the Villa area they have two to choose from. One of the pool areas had quite a few different games such as life size chess & checkers, foos-ball, ping pong - I thought that was so fun and cool! There are also dozens of comfy chairs and hammocks located around a few fire places for a late night hangout. The other pool is the 'relaxation pool' which I think is genius. No kids allowed and nothing but peace and quiet.. plus a wait staff taking drink and food orders or a walk up bar to help yourself to. My favorite pool was the main one at the resort - no outside food or drink allowed in (boo:( because they have a restaurant and bar there with a wait staff as well. So, understandable. Complimentary towels and PLENTY of seating to choose from. The pool is quite big but the best part is the lazy river - you can take your drinks in hand with you and float around the pool area as many times as you desire. If that gets a little boring then just hop out and jump onto the fun water slide they have there as well. Another great place you have to make sure and try is the breakfast buffet At Nellie's. One of the restaurants downstairs in the main resort. They have everything from cereal, pastries, omelets, waffles, mini pancakes, meats and cheeses.. the list goes on and everything is DELICIOUS!!! All in all, we had a grand experience and I would highly recommend this resort for any type of trip. Family vacation, anniversary, golf excursion.. I haven't been able to to experience the golf course yet but from the looks of it, it's beautiful and I will be back next time I'm in Scottsdale FOR SURE!
4	Great resort - beautiful grounds, nice facilities and great meeting space.  Because I am a Platinum member, I got upgraded to a very nice cabana suite...I wished I was staying longer than just one night.  The staff was friendly and helpful too!
3	We are Starwood members, so we used out week at the Kierland Villas.  Nice staff, but I was very put off by the bird droppings on the pool deck.  They were everywhere, on the chairs, on the concrete.  Attempts to clean the droppings were lame.  I think this problem needs to be fixed.  The root of the problem is the food served at poolside.  The bar area with food available is close to the pool.  The bird droppings are highly unsanitary and gross.  Other hotels in Scottsdale (Princess) hose the deck down in the very early morning hours.  The Westin should do this.
2	The room was nothing extraordinary, typical hotel room with an eyesore of popcorn ceilings. The 'heavenly bed' was extremely firm and caused both my husband and I back pain. We were so dissatisfied with the bed we left a night early. The pool was better than average and very clean. The grounds were well kept up and the staff was very nice. They had live music on Friday night which I wish we had been made aware of upon check in since the music went quite late and we could clearly hear it from our room.We went with a gift card and were happy to have not have had to pay for this. I can't say I would go back to the Westin, just didn't think it was worth the money.The Agave spa, while being quite pricy for the quality, was fine and the locker area was relaxing and exactly what I expected. This was the highlight of my trip.
5	We stayed here last month as part of our anniversary treat.    Very nice, clean, beautiful hotel.   Our room was a junior suite overlooking the golf course.  Wonderful room with an over sized balcony.   There was a bottle of very nice wine and a cheese and cracker plate waiting in our room when we arrived.  Staff was friendly all the way around.   We ate lunch at Nellie Cashmans and thought the food was great.  We did not eat at Deseo, but stopped in at the bar next to Deseo for happy hour and everything was "spot on."   They have a chocolate/dessert bar in the lobby from 5-9 pm.   All good choices.  We did not use the pools so cannot comment on that.   The hotel was very quiet.   No thin walls.  Would stay here again.
5	We were married at this resort in May 2012 and it was amazing. Beautiful resort, great staff, Sally Hilow made everything perfect, she was very helpful!! Our Sunday afternoon wedding had a really fair price. The lunch served by the catering department was amazing (phyllo dough chicken with lemongrass mushroom sauce, and vanilla cake with strawberry cream filling!) The Rainmakers ballroom where we had our wedding was outdated a bit 70's looking with bright orange carpeting but the views were beautiful, and with our decor it helped. The overall resort is updated other than that carpeting and was a perfect wedding spot! They also have awesome pools, and a pool bar and our Memorial Weekend wedding felt like a destination wedding.
4	This is one Westin that I've found myself returning to because work brings me out to AZ. Although the rooms are smaller and more traditionally furnished than the downtown Westin, the Kierland makes up for all the amenities of the whole hotel. Keep in mind that if you're looking for a getaway from the crowd, the Kierland is not the place for you. Week in and out, there is almost always a conference crowd at the hotel, so you're almost guaranteed to have a crowd at this hotel.
3	Back again for 2012 job related one week duties.Reminder don't open your windows. Bugs will start flying in and sleep with you in the evening. Or rather bugs don't sleep at night and get you.+ Found out they have a shuttle that brings you into town+ Pool rivals Vegas MGM at a smaller scale.+ opt out of room service get $5 credits for Redbulls or Lattes- inspects are everywhere and they will come inside to bite you.- price is expensive.
2	The rooms are very so so and the hospitality was non existent, I will not be going back!,
5	OMG. There are only pros to this place.I was in town for work, and we booked this room the same day @ $129/night (ish) via AAA rate. What a steal!!!!Free valet (until 11pm), beautiful lobby, lazy river, eucalyptus cooled towels in the gym, new work out area (well lit w/ natural light), lotion that makes you lose 10 years, great service, dessert bar in the lobby in the evening, beds made out of clouds, comforter made out of kittens and candy, free wifi, 5-star restaurants and shopping within walking distance, 2 shower heads, walk-in closet.....the list goes on.FYI, there's a $25 resort fee (well worth it) and if you forget your workout clothes, they rent you New Balance apparel & shoes for $5!!!
4	Beautiful landscaping and drive up to the resort.  Either park yourself and walk a couple hundred meters, or valet park for something crazy, I think the guy said $20/day.  Get some exercise.Every single employee we encountered was absolutely pleasant and down right wonderful.  Random employees walking by you on the grounds make an effort to smile and see how your stay is and if you need assistance.  (My big burgeoning belly full of twins probably was a help in getting extra attention).  But the fact that they could see me slowly waddling from place to place and took time to see if there was anything extra they could help with was very kind.The rooms were very well kept, sanitary, and fresh.  The double shower head was a nice touch.  If your on vacation, scoot the weight scale FAR under the sink so your not tempted to weigh yourself :)  A definite mood killer.Pools were wonderful.  Hubby and I spent probably two hours floating around and around the lazy river goofing off.  Drinks allowed.The resort itself is totally 5 stars.  Dining options I would give a 3.5 or 4.  Prices are too high for the portions and variety.  PLEASE do yourself a favor and get a chocolate croissant for breakfast. Go ahead, and have another, why not.  You're going to walk so much at this resort you'll burn it off no problemo.  The grounds are massive and its a hike to get anywhere.GOLF:  Awesome service, impeccably kept greens.   All golf carts are equipped with coolers for your beverages, and swamp coolers above head to keep you cool in this forsaken Arizona desert.Oh! Don't forget to catch the bag piper playing at sun down.  He's wonderful, and the scenery behind him is breath taking.
5	We had the great pleasure of dining at the "kitchen view bar" on Tuesday evening at Deseo, a true five star restaurant What we experienced was culinary nirvana. The cerviches were spectacular. The entrees, while somewhat limited in number, were equally marvelous.  We both ordered different fish preparations with different sauces. For dessert we experienced a chocolate smorgasbord which was highlighted by a chocolate cigar!Do not miss if you truly enjoy fine dining
4	I have stayed at this hotel while hosting two conferences for work. The rooms are nice and the staff is helpful. Love the Westin workout! Best hotel gym I've ever seen. It also has nice places to hang out.
1	I stayed at the Westin Kierland from October 12 to 14 in a Deluxe Room. We checked in around 10:00pm and the only room available was on the second floor (main floor) #2163.Pros:- Check in and check out was very smooth. - The Kierland Flowrider was very fun and "Wavemaster" Steve and the attending lifeguard were very attentive and willing to help and give tips on using the machine and surfing- Resort is beautifulCons:- The spa was mediocre and the spa attendants lost our reservation- "Overpriced coconut water" - My girlfriend- Walls between rooms are very thin. You can hear what people are doing in the next room.- Bathrooms in the deluxe room are quite petite- Room was not thoroughly cleaned from the previous guest. Meal cards were filled with previous guests name.   Major Con:- Room #2163 has BED BUGS!!!!!!!! I awoke the next morning with rashes all over my body.- Stay aware from Nellie's Monday Club Cafe. I ordered the whole wheat pasta with shrimp and it made my stomach sick. Try something else.Recommendations:- If you are staying in room #2163 please inquire if room has been thoroughly cleaned and beware of bed bugs.- Overnight parking is $27/night but parking lot is close by to walk- The saloon makes a decent burger.
5	I love this hotel a it's  great place to take family and friends ,it's rare you find a hotel that can be all things but, this one fits the bill ! Agave is great ..one of the best ! I love this spa..Beautiful golf course bag pipers and smores in the evening and fire pits burning looking out over the course.The lazy river and pool area is fab .Flowrider is so cool learn to surf while your there..yes surf..well close anyway.Lots of shops and places to dine within two blocks.Nellie's is great for breakfast they have anything you could what..Enjoy your stay
2	Nice House nobody home...the resort is nice enough but overcrowded, understaffed and you will over pay for everything. $25 per room/per day resort fee mandatory! $27 a night overnight valet (this is Scottsdale not LA) Over priced and mediocre food...did I mention the lack of service? Either hire more people or train the ones you have better! They lost our Thanksgiving reservation and told us they would "try to fit us in" Really!? We had the last seating at their buffett..big mistake..lobby bar has 4 people behind the bar but no one serving..this really is a self service hotel in a resort setting. Popcorn ceiling in the decent sized room with a tiny balcony which you won't use unless you smoke. As you will see those who smoke throw their butts off the balcony..The pool is gigantic but again overcrowded and understaffed. With little to no personal space and is dirty. Kids love the slide and lazy river but they hated the loud classic rock pumped out around the pool..Also this is a pet friendly hotel and we got to see a poor guy get bit and a confrontation ensue..
4	Definitely the best Westin I have ever crashed.And by crashed I mean paid a lot of money to sleep in.You'll find it all here: a golf course, a lazy river, a spacious lobby, respectable gym, bagpipe shows and campfire events,  tons of amenities (that I don't use, but I like to know they are there), and much more.The rooms are definitely Westin-grade: basically standard stuff with the word heavenly precluding it. For example, their heavenly bed is a ultra plush and very satisfying to sink in at night. Overall a solid hotel that's actually a pretty good bang for your buck.Distinguishing factor: they have a little dessert stand smack dab in front of you when you enter the hotel. And the pastries look so delicious, and evil, and delicious.
4	Came here for a company conference and have to be honest.  It is great!I love the decor and just how everything has a southwestern theme. They staff is friendly and will help you get where you need to.  A little odd they all ride segways, but who am I to judge.The food from the buffet, was quite good.  I mean really good.  Conference rooms were great.  Comfortable chairs and relaxing atmosphere. Now if the prices were more reasonable for me to bring my wife here....
4	Nice hotel and friendly staff.  A nice place to get away for a few days.
5	We've stayed here twice . . . once in the timeshare section and once at the hotel.  Both times were extremely delightful.  Our stay at the timeshare was for an entire week.  We had a very nice 1 bedroom unit which easily sleeps 4 with the convertible sofa bed in the living room.  The unit was somewhat small but very comfortable with a full kitchen.  We used the BBQ grill and enjoyed a wonderful steak dinner outdoor very near our unit.  As a guest at the timeshare units, we had full access to the entire hotel/resort property.  To say we had a blast is an understatement of decent proportions!  There are numerous activities and events happening throughout the day.  The pools, water slides and lazy river are wonderfully fun and were not too crowded.  They have a wonderful kiddie pool for the pre-swimmers. Everything at this resort is top drawer.  There are lots of activities including a remote control car racetrack so kids, bring your cars.  They also have a couple of top notch ping pong tables and an giant outdoor chess board. The restaurants are pricey but if you're on vacation at a property like this one, you have to expect that.  We had our grandson, daughter and two teen boys all of whom had a fabulous time.  We watched movies from the pool and spent much of our time there during the day even ordering lunch and drinks throughout the day.  They offer a free shuttle to all the restaurants across the street at Kierland Commons which is great because one does not have to worry about finding parking or driving after enjoying a couple of cocktails.  We all thought this resort is as close to Disneyworld as you can come in Arizona. Most of the resort staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Everything is clean, well maintained and easy on the eyes.   We hope to return soon as it's already been a year since our last visit.  It can expensive . . . best time to stay is in the summer . . . yeah it's hot (although June is not bad) and rooms can be obtained for under a hundy a night which is a deal for a resort like this.  Highly recommended.
2	A good resort that my wife and I stay when we visit the Phoenix area, but the poolside service in the adult pool couldn't have been worse during our most recent stay.  Really poor service.
5	This resort is definitely worthy of a 5-star review. We stayed at the Westin Kierland for 3 days upon arriving in Arizona (our new home). From being greeted at the front door to the on-site restaurants and beyond, the staff is welcoming, courteous and knowledgable. We traveled cross-country from Boston (by car, with a dog) and they accommodated every need we had. We had a first floor room with patio for quick & easy exits with puppy girl. Dog bowls and bed. Helpful directions and even free shuttle service. Amenities and cleanliness were 5-starFood was good 4.5-starLocation was 5-starService was 5-starI would recommend the Westin Kierland for friends and family - as well as fellow Yelpers!
4	Deseo is certainly worth a try. Marvelous food combinations and flavors never before experienced. Beautiful setting and great service. Columbia Cheese bread marvelous.Gratuity added in as "service charge" 20% so be careful.
3	Ok.  I have MANY friends that have raved for years about staying at the W - from the amenities, to the heavenly beds, to yada yada yada.  I just haven't had a reason to spend the extra $ on a hotel, and still don't.  However, one of our lovely friends got us a gift card for a one night stay here.  So - reservations were made, we arrived, checked in, and were instantly greeted with a less than promised view - along with popcorn ceilings.  Listen, when the retail price for a room exceeds what I spend in an average Costco trip, I kind of expect to be impressed.  And asbestos-ridden particles invading my mouth and nose is not something I expect unless I'm going home to Idaho for the weekend.  The products in the bathroom were great, the lazy river was nice, and the restaurants / bars we frequented that night were spot on.  Then, the next day, when we checked out, it was the most awkward transaction we've ever had with a hotel.  Granted, you're not normally paying for a stay with a gift card, but it's 2013 people - and a place like the W in a city like Scottsdale should have it's customer service on point.  Instead, they didn't, and they were rude, and even required a follow up call the day after to sort some things out.  In other words, I won't be recommending this place to anyone - whether they be from out of town or a staycation. If you do happen to find yourself here, GO TO DESEO for a meal - it was awesome.  Other than that, check out the bagpipes at dusk and go somewhere else to lay your head.
5	Recently I hosted a business meeting at this hotel. It was flawless.Service was perfect. We never had to ask for anything. The meeting room, catering, and A/V was exactly as ordered, and they even allowed us a few last-minute "extras" without charge (i.e., a couple of round tables/chairs set up on the adjoining patio for our lunch instead of the planned working lunch).We also had a group dinner in the onsite Deseo restaurant and it was excellent.My boss was impressed and my status has now been raised at my job because this meeting ran so smoothly.
4	This was a beautiful resort with the full shabang when it comes to amenities.  Beautiful golf course, nice driving range & the fireplace/chill out area overlooking the golf course is breath taking although not a match for an ocean view.  Had champagne outside on the "patio" the first night before dinner -- $35 a glass.  Yeah kind of outrageous, especially not being that good, but it is champagne after all.  I actually prefer prosecco, but it wasn't an option.The rooms were clean and spacious.  Comfortable bed.  Westin standards for sure.  The gym facilities were small, but sufficient.  Really enjoyed lounging at the pool with buckets of beer during the day.  They even have a lazy river, but I did not utilize it.I can't say I was a huge fan of the restaurants.  Breakfast was pretty standard for hotel food and service at one of their nicer restaurants (Deseo) for dinner was really terrible.  Disappointing service and not very attentive waitress.  The food was just OK.  However, the cheese bread was delightful & probably the best part of the meal.  Thereafter, we didn't dine at the hotel for meals.  The first night's meal was just for the sake of convenience & being exhausted from the traveling earlier in the day.Ironically, I rarely ever take advantage of the spas when I go to resorts.  Typically they're always disappointing and over priced.  I've experienced impeccable massages and would just end up being upset to pay someone to give me a disappointing massage and not having it be up to my standards so I can't speak for the spa. Plus, I've got sensitive skin and allergic to most products so with my luck I'd probably break out in a rash which would end up ruining the whole trip.Great resort if you're a golfer.  Dress code:  Full golf attire (polo & golf shoes).  No jeans.  No sandals.
2	This place is a dump!  Went for spring break April 2013 and would not let my 5 and 7 year old in the dirty pool - water slide is lame and the wave rider is a total rip off - checked-out 2 hours after we checked-in
4	Beautiful and relaxing resort. Fabulous lounge areas indoors and outdoors. Service in the lounge area is lacking or non existent. This could be improved significantly. Rooms are wonderful. Balcony for each room with chairs and small table.  Mojitos at the bar are soooooo yummy and I'm not a big drinker.
5	wow!  such a beautiful place!  from the golf course to the bars and outside patio, it's great.  We went there for Infusioncon and it was awesome!
4	Was here for a business conference and felt relaxed!  What a feat.   Mall across the street provides a nice diversion.  But...no phone or TV in the bathroom!
4	The hotel itself is really nice and it's a great place to be if you are there for a convention.  It's clean, pretty and the service was great.  The pool, however, is run down, old and in dire need of a makeover.  That being said, the Flowrider surf experience made the whole pool afternoon worthwhile.  So it gets my vote just for that.  I would not, however, stay here again until they upgrade the pool chairs to resort worthy.
4	My mom came up for the weekend to celebrate her birthday and after deliberating between the Princess and the Westin, she choose the Westin. It was a great choice. I had never been to the Westin previously, but upon first arrival it was a simple yet lush experience with a nicely manicured lawn, trees, bushes, and tons of blooming flowers. Just beautiful. Parking was rather easy as well and it was a quick jaunt to the lobby. Inside the lobby is spacious with beautiful tile work. There is ton of signage directing you where to go and plenty of places to see and go. We traveled downstairs to the Nellie Cashman's Monday Club Cafe for brunch (see review - http://www.yelp.com/biz/nellie-cashmans-monday-club-cafe-scottsdale#hrid:R2uz8FS3a7T6ZQVEqjjfTA). On our way, we saw they had some snakes and a gila monster on display. It was really neat to see the wildlife - especially the gila monster. (He crawled around very slowly and yawned numerous times. Too cute!) Then, we were able to use the pool and lazy river. The pool area is huge - tons of shady seating, a large pool, a 900 foot lazy river, a 110 foot slide, and an outdoor bar/grill. We were really excited for the lazy river and hopped in. The lazy river had three different types of floating devices - a baby blue two-seater tube(so two could enjoy the ride together), a dark blue tube with a cup holder and back support, and a green tube with a cup holder. (We were recently at the Squaw Peak Lazy River and they only have one type of tube  - single capacity, no back support and no cup holders!!!) I was really excited about the cup holder aspect.  The best part was that the river wasn't too crowded. There were plenty of tubes floating around, the kids were well behaved, and there wasn't any rough housing. I was in heaven. After much lazy time, I took a trip down the slide to cool off completely. It was fun, but compared to a few other slides I've been on, it seemed short. Back into the lazy river. We spent a good three hours on the river and really enjoyed ourselves. Luckily, my mom got a hotel room really close to the pool so it was easy to get back to the room. Inside, there was a really nice king bed, a pull out couch, and the normal amenities. The bathroom was really nice with a glass shower stall and a bathtub. My husband and I live pretty close to the Westin and I know we'll be back for a stay-cation. It was that much fun!
4	The lobby is gorgeous here cuz you see the nice green golf course in the background.  The pool is dirty as hell cuz I broke out with a nasty rash.  Please add more chlorine.  The rooms are nice and clean even though we had a cockroack as a roommate.  If a fire were to break out in this hotel there are no stairs or elevators to escape.  Its like a maze trying to find your way out.  I wish they had vending machines so I can buy a coke.  Overall great experience for the price I paid.  If you are paying over $200 a night to stay here you will probably be disappointed.
5	We did a stay-cation at the Westin in mid-June.  The Resort had tons of activities for the kids from smores to dancing to crab-walk races. The food was great at the various restaraunts--even Deseo was kid-friendly. The service was tremendous.  Jon, a room service attendant, saw us lugging baggage and he stopped to help.  We had a great time.
4	Great staff, good food, nice grounds. Love the lazy river, easy parking and the bar. Food truck Fridays were great as well. This may be one of my favorite vacation properities.
5	This is by far one of our favorite resorts!  What a great property and the pools are top notch!  Be sure to listen to the bagpiper at dusk!  That was an awesome touch!
5	The Westin Kierland was the last stop on our 11 day vacation where we stayed at 7 different hotels.  Of the 7 hotels we stayed at, I can say that we saved the best for last.  It didn't matter to us that the outside temperature was only 106 degrees in the afternoon.  It was a dry heat.   It didn't matter that there was a full blown monsoon complete with lightning, thunder and lots of rain during the middle of the night.   The blackout curtains worked great, and the walls were well insulated.  We couldn't hear a thing.  We arrived to the resort at about 5 PM.   As you pull into the entrance of the hotel, the bellman are there to greet you and to help you unload your car.  Even if you are a cheapskate like me and unload everything by yourself (so you don't have to tip them), they are still nice to you.   They have both valet and self park.  As you enter into the hotel you walk into a grand lobby.  It was nicely arranged, and all the guests in the lobby gave it a lot of energy.  Check in for us was fast and smooth.  Our room was very nice and clean.  The room had plenty of space for all our luggage and more.  They had a large screen television where my wife was able to watch HGTV and dream.  It was a very comfortable room.  Bathroom was clean and functional.  Nothing was broken.  They provide you with White Tea Aloe shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  Mouthwash is also provided in case you need it.  The Westin Kierland is the only hotel that I have seen with their own wrapped toilet paper.  They have activities for the Children at the Kierland Mining Company.  At the Mining Company, the children can go on a scavenger hunt throughout the Westin Kierland Property.  Children are given a passport of places to go.  Children need to go to various places around the hotel property where an Kierland employee will stamp your passport.  When they are finished, they Kierland Mining Company will reward the children with some very nice pins.  They also have a kid's club where they can babysit your children for a fee.They have 2 swimming pools at the resort, the main pool with lazy river, and the adult pool.  I was able to swim laps in the adult pool.  The adult pool is a 25 yard pool.  Lane lines were set up for 2 lanes for people like me who want to exercise by swimming laps.  The rest of the pool is open for anyone who wants to go into the pool.  Most of the other people in the pool were not swimming laps, so they stayed outside of the lanes doing adult things.  Very nice of them to let me swim in peace.  Unfortunately, we were not able to try the lazy river because the daughter started getting rashes.  They had three concierges.  One of concierge was a stuck up man.  He seemed perturbed that I asked him about the buffet at the Talking Stick Resort.  The other 2 were friendlier.  The female concierge convinced us to visit the Westin Kierland Villas where they could sell us a timeshare.  They tried hard to get us to buy, but, we didn't bite.  We were only interested in the $100 American Express gift card that they gave us.  They have a game room downstairs with both a shuffleboard table and a pool table.  We spent time playing shuffleboard.  We also let the daughter play pool.  Some nice boys were already playing when we told them that we wanted to play next.  My daughter the pool shark, who has never played pool before made her first shot she ever tried.  She beat the boys when one of them scratched while shooting at the 8 ball.  Fabulous hotel!  Hopefully we can come back, and spend some more time here.  We had a blast at this hotel.
5	Had a lovely stay here this summer!  Everyone from Gayle and Kenny who helped us change our rsvp to Andrew at the pool were great.  Perfect for our family - kids and adults loved it.  The restaurants & shopping near by, esp Tommy Bahamas for dinner were great!
5	Great hotel, did a staycation here recently and it's a beautiful property.  As a starwood member they put us in an upgraded room and with a beautiful view and we enjoyed the pools, lazy river and watching people maneuver the flow rider.  They have a few restaurants on site but their crown jewel "deseo" was closed until September or October..bummer as we were hoping to try it.  Christine at the concierge desk knew it was our anniversary so she sent up champagne and strawberrys for us to enjoy!  Very nice! We were up early to enjoy coffee and watch the golfers tee off just after sunrise.Would definitely return, it's a top notch facility.
4	Great staycation with my son and his great family.  Rooms were nice and had beautiful views overlooking at the lake and golf course.  In the evening we could sit on the patio and listen to live music till 10pm.We spent the afternoon going round and round on the lazy river.  Went down the slide and played in the pool.  No one in the group tried the surfing machine but it was fun to watch those that were brave enough to fall.During the later part of the afternoon kids of all ages took to the grass and did somersaults, played with hoopla hoops, tried their backs and the limbo and ended with yummy and very gooey s'mores.  In the lobby on the way to the room there was a delicious dessert bar set up but we had just enjoyed a sweet.Did not try the restaurants but had snacks by the pool.  Had drinks at the Western Bar once the kids were nestled in their  Heavenly Beds.This resort is close to shops and restaurants.  The Westin is on the list for another staycation for sure.  The staff by the way were warm, friendly, and helpful.Thanks Westin Kierland
4	Went to Phoenix for work but stayed in Scottsdale due to recommendations from colleagues.  It was a great choice.  I arrived really late that night so I was unable to see the beautiful entrance of the resort that my colleagues had mentioned. When entering the resort it was beautiful, well maintained, modern but reflecting the style of the Southwest and quite frankly how resort should look like.  Check-in was ridiculously long.  I had already dealt with my flight from the East coast and was ready to go to sleep.  It was getting really close to 11pm and I notice that there were 2 people helping to check Platinum guests in.  There were about 8 of us just waiting to get checked in and I was getting really annoyed considering it was approaching 1AM EST and I had been standing in line for over 15 minutes.  I finally got checked in and went to my room.  The room was beautiful and there was great attention to detail.  The view and the balcony was very nice.  My only issue was that the shower was too small for a room with so much real estate.  I was unable to get my platinum upgrade so I assume that the showers in the suites are much bigger.  I didn't get any room service so I can't comment on that. I really enjoyed myself while I was there and think this would be a great place to come back out for a mini vacation.  The location is perfect for those who love to shop.  There is a mall with some restaurants within walking distance but  due to the heat, and the location of some other mall areas I'm sure you'd want to have a car.  Bring your purse every where you go even if you tell yourself that you won't buy anything.  I told myself that I wasn't going to buy anything but there were so many shops with unique merchandise and I ended up buying things.  Amazing location and certainly will stay there in the future.
5	Always a great place for dining, events or a stay-cation!
4	I decided to book a room at the Westin Kierland because I was attending the 9th annual Phoenix Cooks event at the hotel. We had a great little staycation here! Loved the relaxing atmosphere--I only wish we had more time to spend at the resort.Decent rooms with extra comfy beds. Very helpful and friendly staff members. Lots of activities to take part in throughout the day. Convenient location.I'll definitely try to plan another staycation here soon.
5	I went here for a staycation one weekend kind of out of the blue.  I mainly picked it from the pool reviews and awesome pictures.  I have to admit, I was not disappointed.  This place is beautiful and not to mention HUGE.  It was really nice walking around the property at night...I actually felt like I wasn't in Phoenix for a minute.  Something I really liked too is that they have a 24 hour pool.  Psh...awesome.  They also had a bar on your way out to one of the patios and it had shuffle board which is only a positive.  Laid by the pool all day Saturday afternoon, the guys that walk around are awesome.  Just know that they close the pool AND the bar at 6PM...weird.  But it is amazing to spend the day by the pool and have people wait on you hand and foot by a hotel.  It wasn't full of kids, but they were there.  It's just a good place if you want to relax to spend the afternoon.  No unce unce, but there is music in the background so that was coolio. I loved the night atmosphere because it was quiet and laid back which is exactly what I was feeling.  If you're looking to party this probably isn't the spot, but if you're looking for an amazing relaxing weekend....this will do it 100%.
1	We have stayed here few times.  Our last VISIT wasn't as good as other ones. Luxury experience has gone down drastically.  It wasn't just one department, from Valet parking to shuttle service to the front desk.  Every questions had three different answers.  Simple things like do you have an iphone charger to what time is the next shuttle to go to the local shopping area.  Very Very disappointed this time, especially in a resort city like Scottsdale this attitude and service will not last for long.  This hotel is managed by starwood group and I am surprised that they allow this sub-par performance.  We will be staying at JW Marriott or The Phoenician next time.
5	Time for a review update.  Over the past few years, we've attended at least 2 dozen special events, gala's, and foodie events here.  It's a popular choice for charities to stage their gala's.  From Fall through Spring, there will be several large gala's here.  Those are very fun and well executed by the Westin staff.  The banquet staff are very professional and do a great job.  The ballroom space has high ceilings and has an upscale look and feel.  For some events, they utilize the separate entrance area to the main ballroom for valet parking.  When they do that, it's very convenient to park.Besides the special events, this resort has 2 great golf courses, awesome restaurants, and a surfing pool in their pool area.  The surfing pool is fun for people watching.  Very few people can pull off surfing on that thing....most wipeout.  I've never tried it because I know I will definitely wipeout.  If I was 10 yrs younger, I'd do it.Overall, this is a fun, upscale resort.  One of these days, I will stay here for a staycation.Return Factor - 100%
5	Stayed here 3 times in the last 3 months and it exceeded my expectations every time. Wish there was a 6 star button. Rooms are big, comfortable and quiet. Pool is awesome. All the staff goes above and beyond. Love it.
4	This is a great place to stay for a romantic getaway or a vacation with the kids! We have done both and had a great stay!
4	They had a ton of interesting stuff to do here but I wasn't too interested because I'm 22 and with the parents just enjoying the town! the area is really nice and you overlook the golf course in the back window! The area is really nice, really beautiful, and the flowers inside the hotel smell really great when you enter. My room was pretty average, and I had one of the ones with a balcony in the U of the hotel. But we didn't mind, it was more of just a place to sleep! I saw Deseo is really good, but didn't have the chance to try it :( darn! maybe next time!
1	Came here for Thanksgiving dinner and it was terrible. We paid 65 a person plus a mandatory 20% service charge and felt robbed at the end. The food was cold and over salted. The seafood selection was limited to cold shrimp, dry salmon, and awful tasting crap. The turkey was so dry that it crumbled like dry cheese. The prime rib was over cooked and very salted. The side selection was very weak and consisted only of mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, and some mixed veggies. The desert selection was limited to some terrible pie and chocolate and vanilla pudding. We were very let down and will never return here again.
4	Excellent service and food with nice roomsDidn't realize the Westin Kierland had so much going for it.  Staying there, I was surprised how large the resort feels from the inside with the hotel, conference center, spa, restaurants, and golf course.  Check in was a tad slow, but staff were very nice and asked questions to make sure the room would fit our family.  Being across the street from Kierland Commons allowed my wife and little girls to have something to do while attended to work events.  My wife, a connoisseur of fine beds, thought the beds were somewhat hard.  I thought it was perfect.  The conference center is top notch in terms of a comfortable, classy setting with attentive services people taking care of you.  Caught myself pausing to take in the beauty of the resort's views a couple times.One memorable things is the food.  The dinners were truly exceptional and the lamb shank is something I'll remember for a while.  Magnificent!
5	True family resort. It has everything you can imagine for adults a kids. GolfKids program. SpaPool with lots of seats Lazy riverMalls across the streetWith the usual westin amenities.
4	i was in town visiting family and friends for the holiday weekend and booked a 2 night stay at the hotel and loved my experience. i was traveling with my pup, 6 month old lab and selected the hotel because of their pet policy. they are VERY welcoming to all furry pets, both cats and dogs. i enjoyed my stay so much i extended by an additional night. the hotel's close proximity to scottsdale quarter and Kierland Commons makes it a shopping mecca. the it's a quick 5 minute walk from the hotel room to the shops/restaurants. enjoy everything from barnes and noble and loft to the trendy H&M, express and urban outfitters. service was great and the staff super friendly. my room was always cleaned on time and well appointed. the grounds are very well kept which makes it enjoyable for an evening stroll with the pup. looking forward to my next visit to scottsdale in the summer, i plan to stay at this hotel again.
5	Love it, great hotel, friendly staff.  Shipping store right inside the hotel for all your shipping needs.
4	I really enjoy Westin Kierland resort & spa I've been coming here since it opened & I never get tired of it.  The staff are friendly & helpful.  The spa is my favorite staff is always professional, friendly.  The services in the spa are fantastic, the spa is very serene. I workout with Steve Hellar in a golf stretch class(also in the spa) & I feel fantastic a must try when you are in town or even if you are a local. Pretty grounds.
5	Location, location, location. This resort is in the heart of north Scottsdale and walking or free shuttle distance to Kierland Commons shopping and restaurant plaza. The rooms are well kept, spacious, pleasing decor, and separate shower and tub. Great place for a romantic getaway. The pools are beyond incredible for families with beach entrance, slides, wave machine, lazy river, live music/activities during the summer months, and a large adult only pool.
2	I had a deep tissue massage appointment at the Spa this past weekend with Meredith.  I have had several massages a year over my lifetime and was very surprised at the poor quality massage I received at the Westin Kierland.  I saw many patrons walking out of their service with that "ahhh" look on their faces.  I did not have that.  I specifically asked her during the massage if my muscles felt tight and she said actually no.  Which surprised me greatly as my neck and back are usually a ball of stress.  I did tell her as we walked in that I would prefer that she spend more time on my back and neck and not my arms and legs but this did not happen.  I was very surprised when she has me turn over onto my back so quickly especially after I asked for the concentration on my back.  She did lift up my arms a few times and do some digging into my shoulders, but it was no where near what I would consider a deep tissue by any means.  The time that was spent on my neck was minimal and felt more like a quick back run than anything.  My time spent in the sauna, steam room, and pool was actually more enjoyable and relaxing than my massage.  I actually asked my friend how she felt about her massage and she had very similar comments to mine, although my massage did seem to be more in depth then hers.  We questioned whether the reason of our sub-par massage was due to the fact that we used travelzoo vouchers - although we did tip on the full amount.  Also during the massage I was told there would be an add on foot session.  I'm not sure what it was supposed to include, but I received no more than a 2 min scrub and 30 seconds of rubbing in lotion.  Over all, this was not an experience that I would expect at a location such as at the Westin, but more of a lesser quality massage parlor.  I left a voicemail and 2 emails for Carol Ford who is the spa manager and she has not returned the call or emails.  This just adds onto the poor customer service that I received while visiting the spa.  As a local patron, this is a place that I would have given a second chance - but now after horrible Manager customer service on top of it - I will not return.  And I will let all of my friends know as well.FOLLOW UP:  I was contacted by someone they asked me to come back and try it again.  I will post another review following that service
5	Last year, I stayed here for a conference ... and I loved it!!The location is amazing and the amenities at the hotel are fantastic.  I really love the lazy river and I was amazed that they could give special attention to every guest at the hotel when we had nearly 400 people at our conference.The fire pits at night are a great place to hang out while enjoying a cocktail or two.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Oh my godddd this place is beautiful!!!!Came here with my boyfriend for his coworkers wedding. It was set outdoors in front of the golf course and the banquet was inside. Even before we walked in the parking lot was filled with fancy cars and apparently there are Audis out for rent? I haven no idea. It was called Audi lane or something.There was also a celebrity golf tournament happening while we were there and apparently there were a lot of celebrity sightings! I'm not sure if the food was also catered by the Westin but it was really good! We had crab cakes and a risotto bar. Cocktails were really good but no Malibu or Kahlua haha. My boyfriend ended up getting food poisoning but has no idea from what since we basically ate the same things. Staff was always nice as well and very helpful. Theres a fire pit outside and the best views. I wish we had stayed here! But we never would've left our hotel if we did. It was twice the price compared to the Sheraton we stayed at but 10000x nicer. Definitely one of the best weddings I've ever attended.
1	I would just say no. I am a long time SPG member and very loyal to this chain, but I would highly encourage you to think twice before "choosing" to stay here. The property is very pretty and it is well situated in the North Scottsdale area. However, the service is extremely inconsistent. After a long day of meetings I ordered up some room service. While checking email and watching TV, I notice that my burger was raw on one side. It was covered with melted cheese, so I did not notice it until after I had maybe two or three healthy bites. I seriously almost threw up after I had realized what I was eating. Maybe it is my fault. Maybe I should have paid more attention to what I was eating. Maybe I should not have trusted The Westin. Maybe I should not have believed that their dinning room was capable of delivering a cooked burger. When I contacted room service to complain, they did offer to remove the charge so my company would not pay for the raw burger in my stomach. My simple question is, what will you do for me? How will the Westin undo the wrong done to me on a personal level? The simple answer from the manager on duty at 11pm on March 19th was nothing. Okay...fine.I could overlook the atrocious service in your outdoor lounge area. I could overlook the 2nd night of poor service outside, but to see it extend to the kitchen as well tells me that something is not right here. I would encourage you to rethink your choices when visiting the Scottsdale area. You have many choices when visiting, please don't choose to spend your hard earned dollars on what should be a great property.
1	Note- This review is for the Agave Spa. The hotel is beautiful and the lunch we had at the hotel afterwards was great. This past weekend March 22, 2014 myself and 4 girlfriends planned a spa day Westin Kierland Agave Spa. I should preface that I bought a Travelzoo special that they ran for a 50 minute massage with an add on foot or hand scrub and a mimosa.I made the reservation for 5 girls but only had 4 travelzoo coupons but said I would gladly pay going rate for the 5th girl.I put myself down as the main contact for all 5 reservations. On Friday, I got the first of 3 phone calls confirming our appointments for Saturday. I asked that they check their records after the first call and not call me 5 times. So much for that. It took them 3 phone calls to get it.Upon arrival the person that showed us the spa was nice but did not share where the pool was or have any useful information about ordering champagne and mimosas. It took 45 minutes for us to order a bottle of champagne (it came in a plastic cup with a lid on it) something that was advertised with the special. The excuse was that they ran out (This was Saturday at 11 AM at a 4 or 5 star resort).One girl in our group tried to reserve a cabana at the pool (we would have gladly paid a fee and ordered lunch) or 5 chairs for when we were finished with our massages to no avail. She was told that the cabanas were reserved. Moving on.... the 4 of us with Travelzoo got a combined 50 minute and foot massage for the grand total time of 40 minutes. The one that I paid full price for said it was the best massage of her life and got her full hour of service.After the massages were over it took 30 minutes to pay for 1 massage as I already paid in advance for the 4 travelzoo massages. Needless to say I could not find my center and was no longer relaxed.At the pool there were only chairs in the shade and they were motel 6 quality at best. The food server's response to what beers do you have was "domestic and imports" and menus are scarce. He returned with only 2 drinks, dropped one and forgot 1. We noticed that the only cabana in use at the pool was the one being used as a staging area for water for the servers. At no time was any of the other 12-15 cabanas used. Needless to say we will not return to the Agave Spa at the Westin Kierland Resort. My advice is to go to the Camelback Inn which we did last month and will again next month to get the relaxing treatment we pay for when visiting a spa.
3	We stayed here after staying at the Westin in Tuscon and we preferred Tuscon.   The rooms were very small and the pool layout is a bit of a hike. Once you finally get to the pool the kids will have a lot of fun. There is a a very large lazy river and the little ones will love playing in the sand.  We only stayed here 2 nights and for that I am very thankful for I did not think it was worth the price of the rooms, though I am comparing it to the Westin in Tuscon.
2	I cannot recommend this Westin given the level of service relative to the cost of the rooms. They charge 4-5 star prices, but deliver 2-3 star service. I stayed here late March.Pros: Amazing weather. Property is impressive aesthetically. Some staff were helpful (valet team up front is awesome, cleaning staff, coffee store staff, and bar tender). The room was a decent size and well appointed. I got a solid night's sleep the whole visit. The morning brunch was very good and convenient. My kids really enjoyed ping-pong and the basketball court.Cons: The hotel was woefully understaffed for this time of year!!! The management obviously know they are going to be busy due to MLB spring training fans and spring break and clearly did not have enough help lined up. The hotel staff repeated multiple times they were fully booked. When I arrived they delivered my luggage to the wrong room. The property is impressive but so large that I felt I was in a mouse maze every time I needed to go somewhere on property -- god forbid you forget something in your room because it's a hike back there. The pool was chaos, short of chairs, and it took 45 minutes to receive food ordered poolside (again, the pool staff were clearly overwhelmed and working as hard as they could to keep up). On a Saturday night I sat outside at the bar on the patio and was passed several times by wait staff who didn't acknowledge my existence. I had to get up and ask someone to serve me (the waitress who did serve me, even though it wasn't her section, was extremely apologetic that no one had helped me and tried her best to go the extra mile). The hotel nickles and dimes. For example, they charge $12 a day for WiFi. Really??? A business hotel, plus everyone on the planet needs WiFi, and after charging several hundred dollars a day for a hotel room you charge an additional fee for WiFi? Even the staff I spoke with said that was "lame"! On checkout, the hotel erroneously charged me for services I did not receive (for example charging me for parking when I didn't have a car!).
5	Located in north Scottsdale, the Westin Kierland Resort & Spa is located next to the Kierland Commons shopping center.Upon entering the hotel, there is a big atrium overlooking the golf course.The front desk is to the left, with separate check-in desks having two staff per desk.  I contacted the hotel before I arrived, and was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a King Parlor Suite.Upon entering the room, there is a foyer with a half bathroom to the left.Passing the foyer, sits the living room with a large couch, lounge chair, desk, and a small wet bar.  There is also a large TV with a mini wet bar and safe.The bedroom is very large and spacious.  Besides the king bed, there is a lounge chair.There is also a balcony, which overlooks a courtyard near the pool.The bathroom is fairly large, with a shower and toilet.  There is only one sink with a small counter (about the only drawback). The resort is huge, with an adult pool, another pool with a lazy river and water slide.  They are scheduled to open a wave machine (FlowRider) later this year.The property also houses the Westin Kierland Villas, which are nice but may be better suited for longer stays since the units have a kitchen, washer and dryer.The staff is very friendly and helpful.
4	Our extended family, including 8 adults and 7 children under the age of 6 had a great time at the Westin Kierland.  The service and kid activities were great, as were the pools, lazy river, and slide.  There is a separate pool for adults that seemed nice.....from a distance.  A few drawbacks (tiny hot tub, full size beds instead of queens, and occasional surliness of waitresses at back outside bistro) were easily overshadowed by nightly bagpipes, a splendid scotch selection complete with kilted expert, and impressive grounds.  Definitely recommend for a family getaway.
5	LOVE this place!  Weekends are a blast for families!  Great location with walkability to everything!
1	Westins almost always delight without fail, I think we just arrived at the wrong time.Located in North Scottsdale - about 25 minutes from Old Town (where all the best spots are). The area where the Westin is is very new, and most everything is very retail/big chains oriented. It's a nice suburban area.The service, sadly, was terrible! I don't know who is in charge of hiring and personnel management at this location, but they need to be fired. The valet service gave us the worst first impression of the hotel and made us feel incredibly unwelcome, the check-in staff was borderline rude and the concierge made a disaster of our entire evening with some of the worst recommendations I've ever gotten. It was Saturday evening and they had a prom, a wedding and a convention going on all at the same time. When we pulled up to the front the valet guys completely ignored us (you may be thinking, WELL with a prom a wedding and a convention, maybe they were busy, maybe cut 'em a little slack? I totally would have chalked it up to that but we were 1 of 3 cars there, and there were 3 valets, 2 of which were casually talking beside their stand the whole time...). Finally 1 of the 3 valet guys lazily came up to us as we were getting our bags out of our car and asked if we wanted help, we said sure and he then said okay and walked away! haha - I don't know if he didn't understand us or what, but he looked like he did. It was weird. We then lugged our bags in ourselves through the incredibly crowded lobby area to the check in desk and my husband went back to park the car. There were 4 people at the check-in desk but only 2 were actively checking people in. Then after 10 minutes of waiting in line I was told we were in the wrong building for the villas and we had to go about half mile down the road to check in (which HAD the valet dude actually been helping us, might have saved us 20 minutes of stressful overload and an overall negative first impression of this Westin.) When we finally did get checked in, we went to the concierge and were "helped" by Allan. Do NOT ask this dude for his dining recommendations, we asked him for his recommendations on a place with local-flare and high-end service. He recommended Sol Mexican Cocina (which was chain-like, had disgusting food - fish stick calamari & margaritas that they brag are made with sour mixes) and the Westin's restaurant Deseo. The restaurant Deseo is utterly underwhelming - if atmosphere and service are factors you care about in a dining experience, pass on this place.
4	Nice resort with three great resort golf courses (9 holes each) not too hard but not too easy...beds in the rooms are heavenly! And the pool area is fantastic, they even have an adult pool that is beautiful if you prefer no kids...definitely family friendly resort, one needs to experience the dessert sale at night in the lobby, yummy!
2	My wife and I decided to stay at the Westin Kierland to celebrate our wedding anniversary this last weekend (4/19/2014).  You know how sometimes before a weekend you are looking forward to you envision how you think it will be?  I envisioned getting a nice room when we checked in and then going down to the pool where we would have a couple of lounge chairs by the pool and frosty drinks brought to us by an attentive wait staff.  Maybe a few trips around the lazy river and a nice lunch by the pool.  After a few hours head back in to the room to get changed and go down for a nice glass of wine in the courtyard and then have a great dinner.  Maybe the next morning after breakfast go back to enjoy a few hours by the pool again and then head home totally re-charged from a nice relaxing weekend.  That's what I had envisioned for my stay at this property.  Here is how the reality turned out:We arrived at 1:00 and were able to get checked in, the front desk person was very helpful.  Our room was nice, located on the first floor.  So far so good.  I was a bit concerned when I noticed there seemed to be a lot of kids running around the facility though.  We went to the pool and it was a zoo.  Kids running around all over the place, screaming, and no seating whatsoever to be had.  Eventually we locate a table by the bar that is baking under the sun.  We take it and wait for the waiter to come by.  After 20 minutes of sitting there it is very apparent we need to go to the bar to order.  I go to the bar and after waiting in line for 15 minutes get an order in of a bucket of beer and a quesadilla.  The bucket comes with 4 beers, but they are larger than the standard 12 ounce bottles.  I think they were about $6 each or so, not that bad for pool pricing.  The bar guy tells me since I ordered from the bar I have to come back to the bar to get my food, even though I am sitting 10 feet away at a table.  Finally after a few trips to the bar to see if my food arrived, 20 minutes later I suspect it does.  I see it sitting back on the bar but no one will help me to simply hand me my food.  I have to actually wait in the bar line for 10 more minutes to have someone hand me my food.  When I take the food back to the table for us to eat, I notice the quesadilla is ridiculously small.  It looks like something off a kids menu, not a $12 plus tax and tip ($16 all in) appetizer.  There were 4 pieces and they were very thin, one small piece of chicken in each one.  I took it back to the bar to confirm that it was my order and not something meant for another table for their kids.  After 10 minutes waiting in line to get someone at the bar, they informed me that I had indeed received my order.  I have a picture of it here so you can see it.  Overall it tasted awful and was a complete waste.  The Lazy River.  Remember my visions of floating down a nice lazy river with a frosty drink?  There is one at this resort, however it is treated more like a ride at a theme park.  You have to go stand in line with 50 screaming kids until you get the tube to float.  You get one trip around and then off the tube and back in line.  The line takes 20 minutes or so.  Overall the pool scene was complete chaos.  No seating, terrible service, and their food is an absolute overpriced joke.  There is nothing relaxing about being there.  In fact the only relief comes when you leave this resort.  After seeing what they served us at the pool for "food" we decided against having dinner and room service at the resort.  We live in the area and know Kierland has great restaurants just a short walk away.  The next morning we went to the breakfast buffet.  It was about 7:30 and we were hopeful we would beat the crowd.  We were seated outside.  To our right this kid started screaming "bird, bird, bird" over and over at the top of his lungs.  Then he started waiving his knife around.  The parents were trying though and did suggest their child try to communicate with the bird using ESP rather than yelling.  To my left was a little girl who was running around then went to face the wall and scratch at it for about 15 minutes.  Inside the restaurant it was mobbed with kids running around.  I thought I was at Chucky Cheese for a moment.  We finished breakfast, which actually was pretty good and the buffet priced not that bad ($24 per adult).  We decided to see if we could get a second try at the pool.  It was about 9:30 and maybe the pool would not be crowded and we could get a few hours relaxing there.  Um, no.  There were huge lines of parents and their kids, each line was probably 75 to 100 deep.  Waiting for the pool to open.  It was going to be an absolute zoo again shortly.The greatest relief was leaving the resort.  If you have kids, this is the place for you.  If you are looking for a relaxing adult weekend, this is not the place.
1	Our family recently spent three nights at the Westin Kierland during our children's spring break.    The resort caters to families as it has water slides, wave machine and the lazy river ride so we were expecting a lot of families with kids,  like ours.   Unfortunately the resort was not able to keep up the onslaught of families resulting in a very poorly maintained grounds, pool, dirty rooms and very poor service.  The kids pool and surrounding grounds were filthy!   Other than picking up the towels I don't believe the grounds were cleaned.    The pool was so overcrowded that guest were getting into fights with each other over lounge chairs, shade and just about anything in short demand.  I know I'm at a Westin resort so I won't complain about the $13 hotdogs,  but when they come an hour late, freezing cold and you're left to bus your food throughout the day,  something is wrong.   The managers must of have known that they couldn't keep up with the crowds since they were offering free nights, food, and anything they could give away just to placate the families complaining about every facet of their stay.     While we appreciated the candor of the Manager regarding the state of the hotel as well as her attempts to "comp" us our food,  I would have rather stayed at a Holiday Inn and used the pool at the YMCA.
4	Stayed here for a conference and had a fine experience at this wonderful resort.Pros: 1.) Service and professionalism are top notch at this establishment. The staff work very hard to ensure your stay and experience are memorable. 2.) The view of the place is absolutely gorgeous. Well kept resort with an amazing ambience. 3.) The pool/spa/lazy river are well worth the visit to this place. I have never seen anything quite like this spa/pool arrangement with lifeguards to provide safety. 4.) Location, tons of shopping and restaurants are all within walking distance to the resort.Cons: 1.) Price. I came here for a conference and honestly if the conference was not here, I would not come. Let's be honest, the average American would have hard time justifying the cost of one night here, when they could pay that same price and that would equal 3-5 nights elsewhere. Maybe I am being too practical but for the average Joe (such as myself) this price is steep. 2.) TV. I enjoy chilling and relaxing in the room. But when your TV is outdated and difficult to control (buttons were harder than Chinese calclulus) this brings my experience down a bit.Overall wonderful experience with great staff and pool.
4	I spent a couple of days here working a conference with my company. It is a gorgeous hotel with a lot of ballroom and breakout room meeting spaces. I would love to stay here for a mini vacation some time in the near future. The staff was extremely hospitable and helpful with any concerns or request we had and handled them quickly and efficiently. The catered food was all very tasty and made exactly as requested. During one of our Happy Hour meet-and-greet events we were able to use their back outdoor patio space, which had a fantastic view of the golf course, as well as, the man made lake with a fountain.Seeing everything they had to offer just makes me want to have an opportunity to stay at their facilities and see what it is like to be a guest in one of their rooms. I don't think my company would hesitate to use their services again for any upcoming event needs!
5	Beautiful resort great rooms, great pools, great lazy river, close to lots of shopping and restaurants.  Staff was very courteous and professional.  Be prepared to pay resort prices for everything.
5	All i can say is WOW!! Incredible Food, Incredible rooms!!
5	best ever massage I have ever had! xoxoxo
1	Nice grounds. Ok room. Internet went down.  Maid never came to room at a normal hour. We would be back from the pool or golf or other day activity around 6 pm and getting ready for the evening, and would get a knock on the door and them attempting to clean the room. I have never stayed at a resort where the maids come past 3-4, let alone that late. Our room got cleaned once in 4 days. Terrible customer service. So hard to get ahold of anyone while staying here. Left countless messages that went unreturned. Set up cabana at pool and let concierge know I would have guests weeks in advance via email. Day of they told me I had a limit. Almost Ruined birthday party. Pretty much Ruined our stay as it pissed me off beyond comprehension. I was forced to talk to multiple different managers delaying start of festivities. Finally I had to pay for another room that I didn't need to get everyone in. All could have been solved with  clear communication from beginning on their part. Food sucks on top of that. Too many good options in this area to deal with the garbage customer service and nickel and diming guests who plan to spend thousands here over one weekend. My experience at this hotel has soured me on the entire westin and Starwood brand. People come to resorts to relax and have fun. My stay here has been anything but due to them putting me through the ringer and trying to squeeze every last dollar out of me. Avoid at all costs.
1	Going back...The only way I was able to gain entry for my guests I had notified the hotel about, weeks in advance was to get another room. I just wanted everyone in, so I paid the cost. I was told I could have a limit of 5 people allowed in per room when I booked the second room. When my 9th person showed up, the pool manager tried to tell me he cant let anymore in as I am only allowed 4 per room. Their own employees do not even know their policies. Whether it was the front desk person that was wrong or the manager, somebody was relaying incorrect information to their guests. As I was pleading my case and remaining calm to the pool manager, he rationale was this..."what happens if your party is taking up too many lounge chair or chaises and my paying guests have no where to sit? Or if someone in your party gets a little too rowdy or drinks too much? I then have to comp my paying guests a free dinner and $500 credit." Verbatim. I looked around, it was about 2 pm and there were plenty of available chairs. I pointed him to my cabana that I, a paying guest paid for and showed him the majority of my party was couples sitting on the grass playing with newborn babies. A real tough crowd I tried to bring. He said he is "just looking out for the benefits of his paying guests." He went out of his way to keep using the term, "paying guest." What does that make me? The guy who was roped into buying an extra room, on top of a cabana, and had HUNDREDS of dollars worth of services scheduled at the spa for the next day. He finally relented and let my last two guests in, though the damage was done. I was on edge and stressed out from all the hoops they made me jump through just to have a few people over that I had cleared with my concierge weeks in advance. And it gets better... As I was checking out, the desk attendant asked me how my stay was and I told him the truth, that I wasnt pleased with the way I was treated and how I was put through a ringer to get a few guests into the pool that I had already gotten pre-approval for. I then asked to speak to the hotel manager and he said no problem. He comes out from the back and says the hotel manager is in a meeting but would be happy to call me later today. I gave him my number. That was at 10:30 am. It is now almost 9 pm and i never once got a call. The best part is we had a late flight and we stayed on the grounds and ate some lunch. My concierge gave me a $75 gift certificate that I was told could be used anywhere onsite. I tried to use it to pay for a $30 lunch. The waitress came back and said it had been cancelled and there was no money on it. I am a starwood preferred member, I have a starwood AMEX and I have stayed in only starwood properties for the majority of my adult life. I will do my best to never set foot on one of their properties ever again. If it wasnt for the friends they tried so hard to keep out of their pool area and my girlfriend whose birthday we were attempting to celebrate, the weekend would have been ruined. Luckily I choose my friends better than I choose hotels I stay at.
4	Update on my previous complaint-The resort manager at Kierland, Brian Montalbano reached out to me. He went above and beyond to correct the issues I had and has won me back. With solid leadership like Brian, my faith has been restored in your company. However it was still annoying how late the maids tried to clean the rooms every day.
5	Amazing hotel. Excellent staff. Great restaurants, prices are not bad either.  Bonus: Starbucks coffee in the room.
5	What!! Lazy river, flow rider surfing, frozen grapes! And that's just the pool! Rooms are good size with a patio chairs and all!! The staff is so helpful and polite. I wasn't excited about a conference in June in Scottsdale but this resort made it worth the heat!! You HAVE to try the lazy river. And they also have a 24 hr adults only pool.  It's also walking distance to a very nice outdoor shopping center. Happy R&R!
1	.
2	Epic failure!  I landed at sky harbour and came right to the hotel.  No wait very courteous check in ( almost to much) .  I got to my room and  there was some sort of  light and sound show outside my window.  Why in the world would they not tell me that this was happening outside my window when they checked me in? I asked to change rooms and they honestly seemed liked they couldn't understand why, because it was only going on till 9:40. However it was so loud it was not at all relaxing nor could I watch tv over the sound. This is a relatively high end resort not a hip night club in New York. I placed the order for room service in the old room hoping that it would get to my new room and more expedited manner. Which it did. However the order was completely wrong I called up and asked that it be picked up and removed from my bill. She insisted that she would send out the new order a comp it I told her no I was going to bed didn't want another order. Lo and behold I got another meal that I didn't want at this point and there were two meals that went completely to waste. The room service staff was excellent. I kind of feel like it's because I booked Expedia and didn't book directly with the hotel that I didn't get the best service.
2	We just finished our staycation at the highly recommended Westin Kierland Resort. Sadly to say, we will not return. Our kids enjoyed the water amenities. The lazy river was slower than some, the slide was closed part of the time and there is only one family pool. The flow rider was pretty awesome, though. We enjoyed the shallow entry of the pool for our toddler. The most disappointing part of our trip was the service. There was one exceptional waiter at the flowrider, Nick. He was a glimmer of light for the hour we were watching our kids on the wave pool. Yet when we were at the family pool 90% of the time, service was terrible. We had to track someone down to get food and drinks and were treated as if we were inconveniencing them. Day 2, my key card wouldn't work. So walking through the maze of the hallways with a toddler from the pool was less then appealing. At checkout, I found errors in our bill, and again was treated poorly. I'm interested to see what the final results our account will be charged.We've been to a few other hotels for staycations and have had much better service for less costs.
5	Thanks to some friends coming into town I got to check out The Westin Kierland Resort, what a great looking place! Very grand.Room 2163 was the spot, and I have to say I was sort of shocked because it was on the small side; the bathroom had a shower stall  for one, not even a bathtub. There was a nice size king bed that was comfy. My friends brought their dogs with them and the resort does provide kennels, food bowls and even a heavenly doggy pillow for them to sleep on, I thought that was pretty sweet.  The doors opened up to a outside seating area next to the lush green grass.  The room also had a desk, comfy love seat, mini bar, a mini sink & counter top, just over all was a very small room. Check out 2 of the pool areas, one where the lazy river is at, posted everywhere it says the lazy river is opened till 7, but we went for it around 6:30 and we were told it was already closed.  This pool area closed at 8pm but we just walked across and went to the pool that's opened 24 hours and hung out there. Over all enjoyed my time at the Westin Kierland, looking forward to booking a staycation soon!
1	In my point of view if you're going to stay in a hotel most important is customer service and how they value and treat you.. After all you are the one paying for a good vaca stay! Well at kierland it was just all zero. They sent a valet person to the room knocking saying it was "management" .. Theyre are not professional whatsoever They're cleanliness wasn't great! And everything you ask front desk or anyone in the hotel they treat you with disgust! Trust me I've travelled worldwide and I know hotel service! And to be more specific i was referring to the villa side that's where we stayed.
4	My husband and I stayed here this past weekend for a Staycation. We had a great experience! The room was clean with a view of the golf course. We arrived a few hours early to our scheduled check-in time and they already had a room available for us (awesome!) our baggage was delivered to our room within minutes of our arrival. Valet and front desk staff were so friendly and filled us in on the amenities available to us at the resort. Loved the two different pools (one family friendly and one adult only) we took advantage of both. Pool service was quick, food was delicious and servers were friendly. Requests to the service desk for extra towels, toiletries and a larger ice bucket were met in 10 minutes or less--faster than most resorts we have stayed at! Literally the only criticism I can think of is the outdated rooms. This resort needs to update the guest rooms. Though clean and comfortable, they just don't go with the open modern feel of the lobby or resort grounds. We loved the close proximity to the Scottsdale quarter. Plenty of dining options and activities for the evening hours. We will definitely be back!
3	Meh.One of my pet peeves is staying at a "resort hotel & spa resort" that brags about their facility, amenities etc --  and you can hear EVERY movement and conversation happening in the hallways , outside your bedroom - like you would at a motel or something.This is a Westin, which I thought also upgraded all their beds into the "Heavenly Bed".... Ummmm it doesn't feel like it. Is it purposely a couple of notches below the heavenly beds of The W? And really?? Why not just give your guests wifi access??   I was told free wifi is only for Starwood Preferred  platinum and not SPG corporate  on down. Why do resorts do this?Now the good stuff:Staff is very friendly and accommodating - the best thing about the resort!.The spa offers an excellent juice bar - pricey but good.The view is quite grand.Golf is a must here - well, what else do you do in AZ right?Resort is close to other restaurants and mall.They have activities for kids as well.Will let you know more about food once I eat !
5	From the moment I pulled into valet, through my 4 day stay and checked out, the service, professionalism, immediacy of my requests, and cleanliness of the property was tremendous. The lazy river (a bit slow moving) and service at the pool was very relaxing, my spa experience was calming and professional. One of the highlights of my visit was the AMAZING Single Malt Whisky 'Library" where most people will never see this broad of a selection of single malts in one place in their lifetime. My only request would be to have more time to stay there longer!
4	Had very little free time during my recent visit here so I can't really comment on the pool, or lazy river amenities that others have spoken of.  But what I can review is the friendly, personal service that every employee here makes a priority and the clean, functional rooms that you expect from a Westin.The resort is large and located in an area of shopping malls and office buildings so it is perfect if walking to either of those is high on your list.  The banquet facilities are large and most open out on to the outdoors which make breaks nice.The guest rooms are standard sized with all the amenities that you need including a layering of duvets (perfect cuz who needs a heavy duvet  when it's 120 degrees outside?) free in room coffee, and a bathroom with a stand alone shower which has excellent water pressure and a rain shower option.  Internet access is a daily charge.In the lobby bar- there are plexiglass cages that I don't suggest you go anywhere near if you have a fear of snakes.  One has a couple of rattlesnakes in it, the other a Hila monster and still a third a leopard snake.  Fascinating!  And I have it on good authority if you go on a Tuesday around noon- you can see the local herpetological society (is that the right name for those who love snakes?) feed them.Speaking of the lobby bar- the bartender , Nick was just a great guy.  He is exactly the kind of bartender you want- affable, knowledgeable and just fun to talk to.  And he pours a good drink too!I liked the common areas that include fire pits and cushy sofa areas to relax and enjoy a drink.  And the vista across the golf course and water is lovely.I didn't use the spa or any of the recreational facilities so I will have to review those on another visit.  So my headline?  Reasonably priced, comfortable lodging close to shopping where the staff go out of their way to be pleasant.  Yep- I'm a fan!
1	The cactuses are not the only pointy things to watch out for.Our family has stayed in resorts ranging all over the country. This one in particular stands out--and not in a good way.After spending some time in the lazy river, my family and I decided to head back to our room to change and grab some dinner. Upon stepping next to my bed I found myself experiencing excruciating pain as several glass shards on the carpet embedded themselves into both of my feet. Immediately I get up on the bed and look to my two-year old who already was looking to her feet and she began to cry. After a bloody mess of extracting the glass and calling the front desk, they offered bandaids, Neosporin, a free breakfast. Wow... What a deal. After heading downstairs and talking with the manager, they decided to switch our room and give us one more night. To be honest, this could have been an easily won lawsuit because who knows what was really on that glass?So we switch rooms and crash for the night. What should my wife see upon waking up in the morning? Blood stains on the bed sheets where the girls were sleeping -- and they were not from us. I approached the front desk again. They took my number and never called back. No compensation at all. This place is not concerned about their guests' satisfaction, comfort, or safety for that matter.
4	It's hard to add more to all these great descriptions. The Westin Kierland is a five-star property with attention to every detail/. The service is phenomenal, the food is great and the grounds are breathtaking.Of course, you get what you pay for. This isn't a budget hotel. Plan accordingly.A couple of things prevented this from being a five-star experience:(1) My room wouldn't cool off. Yes, I know it's Arizona in July, but no matter how low I set my thermostat, the room never got below 74. It was chilly in the hallway, but it never cooled off in my room.(2) Have you ever seen "The Shining"? Getting to my room required a twn-minute hike, and it reminded me of scenes from that movie. I would begin by getting off the elevator and following a seemingly-endless corridor. Then I had to make a left (not the right!) followed by another right and a left, to be greeted by another super-long corridor. At the end of that one, I had to go right, then left, then right again down a shorter corridor. It got to the point where I had to plan my day around making the dreaded trek to my room.
4	A fabulous hotel in North Scottsdale with all of the great Westin amenities (heavenly bed, large wonderful showers) combined with a high end resort.I haven't stayed at a Westin in a while and so had forgotten just how much I like them.  I was here as a part of a conference for 3 days at the end of May.  The room I had on the 6th floor was very large with a king bed, love seat, work desk, flat screen TV and a large bathroom with a separate shower and tub.  The shower featured both the rain shower head as well as a hand-held shower wand.  The bathroom also was supplied with high end bath products (green tea).The public spaces at the hotel are well appointed with new furnishings.  The resort also features a very large pool complex and a complete workout facility and spa.  It is well landscaped with native plants and flowers everywhere.Highly recommended especially in the cooler months. In May it was already 107 degrees during our stay!
5	We have been visiting the Westin Kierland (and the Westin Kierland Villas) every year since the resort opened.  They recently added a Scotch Library - and I have to say it is truly an outstanding addition to the property.   They have over 100 different single malts available, with labels from all six of the whisky regions in Scotland.  The gentlemen who runs the Library - Matt - was a terrific host and guide.  He was informative, insightful and witty. He steered my group to a number of different labels that we had never tried (having personally tried a lot of different Scotch in the past - this was a treat).  He gave us a great education on what went in to each of these, where they were from, what to look for in a Scotch - and how to best enjoy each one.This is a terrific addition to the Kierland and I look forward to visiting again and telling all of my friends who live here, and those who visit - that this is definitely a must see.
5	Such a great quiet, peaceful and relaxing place to spend your time. Great client personal service. The hotel smells WONDERFUL and the rooms are very quiet. We were placed on the first floor and went back and asked for something higher and with out hesitation they moved us to the 6th floor.
4	Just completed our 3rd stay at this wonderful resort.  We stayed at the Villas again.  Everything was as good as ever save for one minor glitch which sounds petty but took time to resolve and should not have happened.  I was having trouble logging into their free wifi so I called the front desk.  They told me something to try which I did but it did not resolve the issue.  I called them a second time and after searching deeper she called me back to tell me we were NOT checked in which of course was incorrect.  She got us checked in and I was able to log on but that was something I did NOT expect from a resort of this caliber.  My only other gripe is that the on site restaurant stopped serving breakfast at 11 am on a Saturday.  Even though the buffet was still set up, they told us we couldn't have it because they were breaking it down which I can understand.We didn't like the 1 bedroom suite we had this time as much as the first one.  It was considerably smaller and darker but very comfortable nonetheless. It was located in Building 4 on the 4th floor which had a nice view.  The mattress was mushy and too soft for my back.
3	I spent two nights in the Kierland while in Scottsdale for work. I cannot comment on the pool, and all the other resort type amenities because I did not get the opportunity to try any of them. I read about them in the hotel magazine at night and they looked pretty cool.The Kierland is a lovely and very large resort which is well placed in Scottsdale. The size was a bit off putting for me because it seemed like a haul to go from point A to Point B. The trek from the self park lot to the lobby was a veritable Odyssey if one did not get a good parking space.  The hotel seemed very crowded and very busy. I did not have the sense that this would be a restful hotel to hang around. For a family I am sure it is fine and the pools probably are a lot of fun.The check in process was easy and information was provided about the hotel amenities and a map was given. I did not stay on consecutive nights but the rooms were basically identical. The bathroom is large and the room was well maintained and clean. It was also very quiet which is a major plus in a mega hotel of this type.When I returned to the hotel I was given a different room, with a view of nothing but a roof and wall. This irked me as I am a Starwood gold member and should have been given a better room. But I was just there to sleep so no real harm done.   One thing I did notice was that the a.c. was not great in either room. A.C. is something that should work well in the desert!I had breakfast the following day in the downstairs dining room. The waitress was very friendly and nice. The food was a typical mediocre hotel buffet for $25.00.  One of the things that really annoys me with some hotels are the so called "resort fees". I think it was $25.00 at Kierland. I hate these things. They just feel like a crass money grab. I would prefer if it was built into the cost of the room and not justified as being additional for basic amenities such as WiFi and a 50 cent bottle of water.  Whatever genius in the hotel trade who came up with this concept is clueless.
4	Nice resort with decent prices. I travelled here for business and found it to be in a good location close to shopping, restaurants, and businesses. The resort itself is huge, it can take 5 minutes to walk to your room from the elevator! The staff is friendly, room service was good although exorbitantly expensive, the rooms are well decorated and appointed with everything you could need. I would definitely stay here again - no complaints other than the long walks to my room.
3	We are locals and decided to do a staycation here because of the water park. Overall it was about average. For the price they charge I would say it did not meet expectations. First the rooms, comfy bed and nice bathroom. It was really small though. I've stayed in much bigger rooms at a Hampton Inn before. Obviously no free breakfast at a joint like this as it is one big money grab. Then the Waterpark. I was pretty disappointed. The lazy river was too slow and short. Most of the tubes were flat. There wasn't enough umbrellas so everyone had to fight for shade. The poolside waiters were nice enough to bring around free water pitchers though. It is very spread out too. So when you park strap on your hiking boots because it is far from everything. We've stayed at the squaw peak Hilton and their water park is as good and is not as spread out. Next time we'll save a few bucks and go back there.
4	So close, but yet...Here is how it started.  I pull up to the valet area as directed by the attendants and my wife and I get out of our car. I leave the car running and open the trunk. My wife goes to check us in. I wait. And I wait. And I wait. Plenty of staff there, but none of them seem to want to take my bags from my car. I start to unload the trunk of my car onto one of the many carts there (because there is no one else arriving, get the picture?), and finally someone wanders over about 5 minutes after our arrival.My wife was able to register us with our honors number and things were looking up.The room is fine.We go out on the back patio to have a bite before a party onsite that night and see staff setting up for a wedding.  How nice, except for the drunken group also sitting outside.  How unfortunate for the patrons like us to have to listen to them,  not to mention the people attending the wedding.  Worst of all was that there was a manager roaming around and he did nothing.  A major mistake, considering the cost of a wedding here.I will follow up tomorrow.  So far, they fall a distant fifth behind other very good resorts in the valley, like the Camelback Inn, Boulders, Montelucia, Desert Ridge, and Sanctuary.So... The resort staff at the party was great. Very professional, fantastic food, and the events during the night were choreographed perfectly.  The room for the night was essentially what we expected.  The adult pool today was great. The server we had kept us in drinks while we were there. The bell and valet staff for our departure were what I was expecting on our arival. Where were these guys yesterday? So, the place redeemed itself. Still only scores four stars because of the rough arrival.Nice place. Truth is in the future we will  stay at one of the previously mentioned properties for our weekends away from home. They are just better run properties.
5	My family and I stayed here for the Mother's Day weekend and took part in their amazing brunch.  The spread for Mothers Day was fabulous.The staff and grounds were five stars all the way.  The wide range of children's activities offered makes this one of the most kid friendly resorts I've stayed at in Phoenix.  The dining options are five star, Deseo is the best!  The only downside was lazy river scenery was disappointing.  We'll be back for sure!
1	Beautiful resort.... But unfortunately run by incompetent front desk staff.  They (Jenny) seem to forget that they are the face of this place and made my check in a nightmare. Even the bell guy said they were very rude. News flash if your own staff complains about you something is wrong. Be happy and go out of your way to give a pleasant introduction or maybe you should find a different line of work, that doesn't require any interaction with people!
5	The casitas are a great place to stay with a family. The pool is tons of fun and our daughter loved the lazy river and water slide. The Deseo restaurant has great food and the staff is amazing...they catered to our every need. The snake feeding and learning was also great fun.
2	Not worth it. Some weird, offensive smell throughout entire hotel. Gym was packed constantly. Way more kids at resort than I expected.  Lobby and bar area, pretty. Golf prices, just too high.Hotel leaves a message at your  room saying "come down and pick up your free gift" but your free gift is really a ploy to get you to buy a timeshare. BRUTAL!
4	Great hotel, always clean but not much for night life or I would give it a 5. Employees  are trained good and are all friendly.
4	The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa is a great place to stay while kicking flavor in Scottsdale, AZ! I have stayed at this resort twice now in the last three years on business and enjoyed both visits very much. The rooms are spacious, clean and offer the best shower heads in Arizona. Whats more is that a gorgeous Golf Course surrounds the resort and offers incredibly scenic views at dusk and dawn. There are several restaurants and bars available on premise and although you should not expect a Michelin rated experience in cuisine, they will get the job done in a pinch. There are numerous options within mere walking distance if you prefer a more refined dinner including SOL, Mastro's, Eddie V's and Morton's. Before you even say it Yelp - Yes, these are all Steakhouses. It is Scottsdale where retired old white guys play golf and eat steak!  Calm the hell down! The conference rooms are gargantuan in size and can easily fit 250 people in total comfort, although I would have to say that the restrooms do not match sizes so large lines can build up between break out sessions. They keep all of the amenities in immaculate condition, from gym to elevator there is absolutely zero question of the cleanliness of the surfaces. That is a welcome trait any traveler would enjoy. Honestly, you will be hard pressed to find a better resort in the surrounding area thanks to the views, tidiness and rooms offered at The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa and I very much look forward to another visit if the opportunity presents itself in the future.
3	Your typical "resort" like hotel. For an SPG property, it isn't anything to write home about. The rooms are clean but not spacious for the price you pay. The entire hotel is scented with some kind of white tea scent so if you don't like it, you're screwed. Everything here is marked up because it is a resort. The resort fee is mandatory and includes your wifi and "discount" to gift shop. Honestly, if it is not optional, why not just bake it into the price of the room.Also the free gift they send you is just a gimmick to get you to sit in on a 90mins sales pitch for time share. Honestly, very low brow moves.
3	This is the second time we have stayed at a Westin property that turned out to be a timeshare property and the second time they have pestering us to buy a time share.  The one bedroom both here and and their Palm Springs property are identical. Only here we did not get maid service. We had originally booked the hotel but they booked us into a one bedroom suite at the villas. That's the hook. The Deluxe suite they said we were getting was just about big enough for two people to turn around in as was the one in Palm Springs and the first floor place we had here in Scottsdale with the golf course view was pretty much behind double fencing. Kind of like being in prison, looking through lots of bars. So watch out for those special deals that Westin may send you. They come with a catch. We are Star members but this is the last time I will accept one of their offers. To be fair we did not avail ourselves of many of there offers or services, primarily because we were here on business and our days were pretty full. On the plus side the staff is of course charming, the property has some very nice amenities and the Scottsdale Westin is near some great shopping and restaurants. But we will not be back. Too many other great places in the neighborhood and around Scottsdale to stay that do nor demand you spend 90 minutes through a timeshare sales pitch plus to add insult to injury insist your spouse.. (husband/wife) be with you. Really, I mean really?? And if you love this part of the world buy a condo or a home.
1	Stayed last weekend. Checked in at 2:30. Were told rooms (we had 3) were not ready until 4:00. Husband's luggage lost, so he went out to shop. I sat with my luggage in the lobby right near front desk. At 4:05, I got a text and went up to get key. Only 1 room was ready. Others not until 5:00. Went out, no turndown service. Next AM, called airline and found out bag was delivered to Hotel at 8:00 PM. Hotel did not deliver it to room nor notify us that the bag was at bell desk. Delivered and guy stood waiting for a tip, HA!! Some towels were thread bare. Our room was a funky location and there was a bar on our slider, not very reassuring. Glass left on patio by previous people and never removed. All around, not close to first rate service that was expected. Heard they were trying to sell. Good! Hopefully new owners will bring back good service and fix up the rooms, cottage cheese ceilings, really!!!
5	This resort is unreal. Went here on a convention and spent three days exploring it and still didn't see everything. Bars for days, golf course was stunning, and a huge variety.
4	Amazing resort! I stayed here for our National Sales Meeting. Wonderful service, rooms were clean and the resort was beautiful. No complaints whatsoever, definitely would recommend it!
4	Stayed at the Westin Kierland Resort & Spa for a ladies weekend.  It was our first time in Scottsdale and we didn't know what to expect. The resort is beautiful.  Amazing looking golf course (although we did not get to play this time), well-manicured grounds with orange trees & palm trees, medium sized gym with complementary yoga sessions, adult & kid-friendly pools with a whirlpool, a wave pool, and jacuzzis, patios with fireplaces (bagpiper available at night), and conveniently located next to the commons and quarter (shopping and restaurants).  This place has everything you need.  The rooms:  The rooms are average sized.  Nothing too special but clean. Don't expect anything grand.  We did get a room with a view of the golf course, which is nice.  However, if you are looking quiet, you will get some noise from the patio area down below.  Service:  Impecable. Everyone in the hotel is incredibly helpful and professional. Overall:  I would definitely come here again with the hubby and play a round of golf and enjoy a nice luxury weekend!
5	Stayed here this weekend for a wedding in Scottsdale - I am a huge fan of Westin hotels but this one is one I'd highly recommend. Little reason to even leave the property - they have it all and it's all done very well. We are happy campers!
4	Swanky hotel where everything you can imagine is part of the resort!  They mean it when they say resort here.  There is a golf course, tennis court, swimming pool, hot tub, fitness center, shuttle to the small shopping center, gift shop,  bar and during the summer this have this complex water park open during the day only. This resort made my stay wonderful.  Nice views of the golf course which I find odd, but sure. Everyone was attentive towards requests.  I wanted to see how long the walk would be to Scottsdale quarter and they offered to call up the shuttle driver to take me there.  It was a nice drive through the lanes,  as it would have taken me ten minutes to walk there.  I did walk be to the hotel in ten minutes, so the attractions aren't far from the resort.   One setback is depending on where your room is relative to the lobby you might be giving yourself a self guided tour of the resort.  It spans a huge area.  I was there during December so I got to see the 3D holiday paint scaping lightshow during dinner. Very clever and unexpecting for a place like this.  For those who were staying in the rooms where the lights were going to shine through, they got a friendly door knock to close their blinds for the show :) It created a nice christmas touch to the season.
2	First off this is a Beautiful Resort and staff that we have come in contact with have been amazing however the overall stay gas been so-so. I am just disappointed with the department that handles the hotels vacay packages (ex honeymoon package, babymoon, ect). My husband and I flew here from Dana Point, Ca because I read in Fit Pregnancy Magazine that the Westin Kierland has one of the best babymoon getaway packages but come to find out once we got here nobody who worked at the resort had any idea about the package. We expected someone to acknowledge we purchased this package, but that didn't happen so we kept having to call and say, I think we're suppose to get a massage, sparking cider, gift set , ect, ect. we just felt we came all the way here just for a regular trip, nothing special about it. It just would have been nice if at check-in they established we had the babymoon package and guided us threw what, when, and where we would be able to take advantage of the all that was included in the package . It was a very impersonal and unorganized package and we just didn't expect that from a Starwood resort so the babymoon was sadly a let down. On a more positive note Patrick at concierge was AWESOME. He helped sign us up for the timeshare presentation and just took an extra step to take care of us one night. Oh and Robyn was great!, she was massage therapist and gives an amazing prenatal massage. Also my husband mentioned many times the lobby bar staff was great too:)  If it weren't for these people I have to say I would give this place one star...sorry:/.
