5	Oh my shaky knees.Raspberry rugalah that's not too fruity and melts in your mouth.Pignoli (that's pine nut cookies) with rich almond flavor and chewy in the middle.Cream puffs bigger than your fist.And like the other review said, lots more!You'd think you died and went to bakery heaven.  I'm really picky when it comes to cookies, but I can't stay away from these.  I bought a naughty box for myself yesterday.  Mine, all mine!
5	Get in your car and drive. Take Grand to 101st Ave and take a suicide left (or right, if you're coming from East LA), park your car and go in. Seriously. You'll want to press your nose against the glass when you see some of the delights in their cases. Want a black and white? CHECK. 2-pound double-seed rye? CHECK. Florentines? CHECK. Mini Napolean? CHECK. Pizelles? CHECK. Real chocolate-submerged Devil Dog? CHECK. Good lord, I could write this review all day and not completely list everything I've had. It doesn't matter, they're all good. And they use the old bakery boxes with pink & white string from a spool, it's so cool. The staff starts super, super early and delivers a complete buffet of bakery madness. Absolutely awesome place to load up with a variety of after-dinner desserts for company, or at least pretending you are. They do pies and cakes galore during Thanksgiving, Christmas, and Easter, but there will be a line. Brave it.
4	Awesome West Valley location for breads and pasteries. Got a loaf of pumpernickle from here today - it was so fresh the loaf could not be sliced and it was still warm when slid into the bag. Wonderful hearty crust + soft pillow like inside = Darn good sandwich (no matter what you fill it with). The Rye Bread is also top notch.I believe Thursday is kringle day! ; ) This is the best version outside of Kenosha, WI.  Roughly 14 inch ring of sweet pastery with many varieties to choose from: cherry-cheese, blueberry. I have tried many of the pasteries and enjoyed them all. However for cakes I suggest Bakerwee.An hour after arrival the car still smelled like fresh baked bread
5	Yeah, nothing's changed at this place. It's still a big bowl of freakin awesomeness. Our last trip, earlier this month, ended by walking out with a full cake, pastries galore, cookies, a rye, plus free peanut brittle and baguettes. God, I love this place.
5	Ugh, I can't stand it. Every time I go into this place (which is only as often as my willpower breaks down), I walk out with at least $20 worth of pastries and such. The almond horns.... omg... if you like marzipan, please, for the love of god, try one of these. Same goes for their raspberry tart, also with marzipan. I want to die every time I nibble these. The single-serve fresh fruit tart... they make it full-sized too, with 24-hr notice. I don't know what kind of custard is in it, but it is heavenly. The apple slices.... it is wrong, that these are so delectable. I got my dad hooked on them. Whenever I stop by, to load up on a few goodies to bring to my parents', I have to get at least one. And seriously... someone needs to outlaw the damn devil dogs here. I donated one, with a bunch of bakery goods for my office fundraiser auction. I think I paid $2.75 and the damn thing sold for $7, with the winner proclaming he would have bid higher if he had to. I read another review, about the 'Soup Nazi' equivalent behind the counter. I have never encountered this. Yes, they are busy at times, but always courteous and friendly. I'll admit, I know their inventory well enough to not ask many questions though. Yet to be disappointed, on ANY selection. Breaking my normal diet is totally worth the guilty pleasure that I get from this place!!! I heart this place, so, so friggin much.
4	This is quite a schlepp from where I live, but when I get the craving for good scones or pastries such as hamantash and rugelach, I drive over to this place. Yeah, I know there's that other bakery on 7th Street which is a much shorter drive for me, but I find the quality of the baked goods in New York West definitely superior. Amazing assortment of breads and pastries, individually not expensive; but because there are so many temptingly good things, you face the risk of getting and spending more than you've planned.
4	Went here last week after just moving to AZ. Glad to know its right across the street from one of my new jobs.Have many nice cakes, cookies, desserts on display. Place isn't super fancy, but who cares about that anyway.I ordered four cannolis with custard. Turned out to be good, different from what I'm used to, but good. Places on the east coast ask that you call ahead for special requests so thats what I did before going here to make sure they do custard inside the cannolis. The lady seemed uncertain on the phone about whether this can be done or not. When I got there, their pamphlet says they do custard, mousse, whipped cream, cheese...pretty much anything. If you have a pamphlet advertising this, why be so uncertain? Anyhow, shells were nice and crispy, filling was not bad. $9 for four cannolis. Will definitely go back to try other things. Glad to know its so close to my house.
4	Stellar bakery here full to the  gills with yummy wonder. Had a cream cheese danish for the road yummy. also some cookies by the pound, good but it adds up quickly and they are pricey at eight something a pound. The rye bread has been wrapped around some nice ham all week for lunch and its Divine and the French is just a s Delicious.
5	Stopped in today for some rye swirl, already had a ham sandwich with it and it was amazing!! picked up a few other goodies, this place could be dangerous and addictive. The cannoli is different and way sweet don't think I will get it again, needs citrus I think. So many good things to try.
5	My husband & I are native New Yorkers and sorely miss the phenomenal bakeries, so after a recommendation, I tried NY West and found some really nice cookies.  So I called the day before my anniversary (it happened to be a Monday...they were closed, so I panicked and faxed a special request and an explanation) and asked Pat to make a special order of delicious Rainbow Cookies with a twist just for my hubby...he LOVES chocolate and had said a few months before, when I purchased some for him, that they were wonderful but would be even more superb with additional chocolate.  Anyway, Pat called me back bright & early on Tuesday...to my delight, she came through with a specially made order of chocolate-smothered Rainbow Cookies...my husband couldn't get over how amazing they tasted...he said he'd never be able to finish them (around 1 lb), but he refrigerated them and ate them all within a couple of days because they were so irresistible.  He even gave a few to a colleague because he thought he couldn't eat them all, but then he was sorry he did later (lol) because he definitely could have polished them off.  NY West did a wonderful job on the cookies and came through perfectly in a pinch with my faxed instructions...I don't live close by, but I'll definitely make it there as often as possible...thanks so much for an anniversary hit!
5	Stopped in here yet again with my two year old granddaughter the other day, as soon as we pull up she starts barking out cookies cookies, she knows exactly where we are. we were having a little party that night, and were making pizzas so I was here to get the dough which is fabulous by the way, asked the lady behind the counter for a dessert recommendation she said try a coffee round, I took the mixed berry and it was superb not a bite left, cant wait to try the other flavors like apple, and pecan. Another great trip to the bakery. Miss Chloe was happy with her Christmas cookie and ate the sprinkles off all the way home.
3	Came in today with the little cookie monster.  Again the ladies that work there seem annoyed to have to help you and totally rushing you even though they are not busy at all, in fact I was the only person at the counter.  Baby had a cookie she devoured, I had a cheese danish that I would bet money on  was day old, I have eaten alot of these and it was just stale, bummer.  I got the kids a crumb coffee ring but I have'nt heard back how that was.
4	HUGE selection of pastries, affordable and one to fill every appetite!!!!My suggestion: DANISH COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!Staff seems annoyed when you ask questions and they are not personable at all. Everything is freshly made and you get a sugar high just walking in the place. They have a generous selection of sugar free items as well. Don't forget to look in the refrigerators to the left, there is ALWAYS plenty of pies and cakes to take home for a special occasion!!!
5	My new favorite. There's another pastry shop located in surprise and both are great but for reason I just like this place better. Seemed to have more to choose from. Staff is very friendly and service is fast. Also has eat in area.
4	I went here to indulge a bit. It's not exactly easy to get to with the never-ending construction on Grand, but I finally made it in.You need to make sure you look at ALL of the displays, including the stand-up refidgerators on the South side of the store. Because I didn't do this, I missed out on what could have been an amazing devil dog and the rainbow cookies. :(As it was, I bought some of their butter cookies, which you can purchase by the pound. Yum yum! They were light and crisp. They were pretty good!This store doesn't really put a lot of effort into fancying up the interior. It's 1970's chic at its finest. It also looks like Fort Knox when it's closed. It's like a prison on lock down! But, when the grates are rolled up, the windows are brightly painted for each season/holiday. Pretty nice.Looking forward to a future trip involving a devil dog...
4	An amazing offering of pastries and baked goods for which I thought would only exist in the Midwest or East Coast. Get there early for the free smells and to chew the gum with the snow birds.
5	Ordered a German Chocolate cake for my wife's birthday from here. It was one of the best non-homemade (by myself or someone here at home) cakes that I've tasted. It was obviously made by them, so its still a "homemade" cake. Would definitely buy future cakes from them.
5	If you're looking for a full-service bakery, the way it's done old-school, then this is your place.  They serve every baked good you can think of, and if they don't have it, you can certainly special order it.   However, their selection is huge so I doubt you'd be special-ordering.I go here because it's on my way to my mother-in-law's, and it's always nice to bring a sweet surprise to her.   I would love to have a bakery like this where I live (East side of town). Also, there's no aftertaste like you might experience at a grocery store bakery.  It is soooo very delicious.  Staff is certainly friendly too.Warning, especially to first-time visitors:  I usually go in the bakery with one thing in mind, but end  up leaving with a few more items.
4	If you have not tried their italian desserts you are truly missing out.  I also love their breads.  They are always so soft and fresh.  Perfect for a nice sandwich or on their own.  Incredibly nice staff who are willing to go the extra mile. : )
5	This is a great bakery with excellent food at an affordable price. Don't let the low key demeanor fool you. It's the best bakery I've been to.
4	I have stopped in two times to get treats and I will keep coming back.  I needed some gluten free treats for some family who can not have it, and they had three items that were the most delicious and enjoyable goodies!! The almond horn, coconut macaroons and pine nut cookies were gluten free.  They were soooooooooo yummy.  I also treated myself to the chocolate chip canoli in the car on the way to family dinner, ooohhhh my goodness it was soooooo good.  I am not a canoli expert at all, but if they are like this one than I am a FAN!! I have had the raspberry cookies before and they are very very good also.Only things I would say kept it from being five star is the price, 20 bucks for 15 cookie sized treats.  I think about how many cookies or cupcakes I could bake for that cost and compare to the amount I was able to buy and I feel a little over charged.  At the same time, there is a lot of work put into everything and variety, and I couldn't make some of the things they did, so I can see it being ok cost wise... Also they are not rude at all, but there was tension or something odd about the customer service.  It felt like I walked into a family argument or something... They just aren't warm and I expect some friendliness in this kind of business, show me some of your joy and passion for what you are doing... I am dropping a 20!! :) :) :)
5	Wow! The only bad thing about this bakery is now I don't have an excuse to go to New York. They really do have "New York style cheesecake". It's well worth the drive to Sun City for this one.
5	I just love this place.  So much to choose from, everything I have tried has been just really tasty.  I recommend the drive to pick up some yummy treats.  I usually get a box of goodies and put it in my fridge so we can just grab something out of it and that way it lasts longer.
5	Wonderful butter cookies, they make cannolis to order, Challah Bread! lemon bars are divine! Their customer service is fantastic! Best bakery on the west side, hands down!
5	I've been going out of my way to come here for years. One thing that is lacking here in the Phoenix Metro area is an abundance of great bakeries. If you live in the west valley, this is the real deal.We had a cannoli cake made for my son's birthday, one of the best I've ever had. The lemon bars are soooo phenomenal........Wait, this review could take me all week to write. There are so many good things to write about! Let me sum it up by saying that every single item I've had from here was exceptionally good. And I think I've tried everything! I've never had a bad experience, they are super friendly. So it's a little dated inside, so what! Don't come here if you want ambiance. If you want bakery items that are sure to be a homerun with the family, coworkers and friends, look no further. New York West has you covered.Only on Thursdays they have Kringles. If you know Kringles, these are awesome. If you don't know Kringles, you may not want to try them. You'll be sooooo hooked, you can't stop! Seriously!Peep's, you gotta go. Trust me; just get in the car, and go. Now. Seriously, log off, go.
4	I drive by here twice a day five times a week, going to and coming from work. Been here a few times, I usually purchase donuts here, they are very good, when I get there in the morning(Which is very early). I don't have a great selection, since they are still working on the donuts. Since they have a very large selection of cakes, pastries, cookies, bread, and donuts. Wife and myself needs to stop by and check everything else out. Only reason I only gave it four stars, Twice I have wanted OJ, and both times they were currently out of. No biggie, will be there again.
4	Come here for the baked goods, not the friendly service.  Some days you get a smile, most days you don't.  But if you ignore that and pay for your baked goods, you'll get a treat.  Rich, buttery cookies and cakes that look and taste homemade.  If you're lucky, the counterperson might let you stand there a while and admire the bread, if not take a look at their day old goods and refrigerated cakes.  Stop salivating and buy something!  I'll take a cheese danish :)
4	I so wish this was in the East Valley, but my gut is probably better off for it. I grew up in NY, and cravings for butter cookies in white boxes tied with peppermint sting can go unfulfilled. Sorry Chompies, this place has you beat! The black and whites are very good, much more cake-like and so moist. So happy to find a place that sells the pink and green leaf cookies from my childhood. They accept credit cards, sell all types of breads, cakes and other confectionery marvels...I am drooling just thinking of it.
3	been going here for many years.  seems a bit hit or miss with what they have in stock that morning/afternoon, and the quality, but it's always eatable :)My favorite is the Devil Dogs and the Rainbow Cookies!!!
2	Being unfamiliar with this area of town, I decided to try this bakery after reading the great reviews. There were so many delicious looking treats to choose from that we had a hard time deciding. However, I am giving this business only two stars because the employees seemed annoyed to have us there (not just one, but all three of them were not friendly at all). I wouldn't say they were rude exactly, but I would describe their demeanor as very unfriendly. It was very odd because I'm used to bakery employees being very happy and upbeat. I felt very unwelcome. Even though the cookies, donut, and cheesecake we bought were delicious, I probably won't try this bakery again due to the poor service. There are plenty of other bakeries in town with equally delicious treats that offer far superior service.
5	Two words:  GO HERE!  If you live even remotely close to this place, go.  You will not find anything better in the area, rest assured.  The owners, Pat and Hugh, are great.  I also love Chris!  Go, try everything, eat lots, and leave happy.  Get a box to go!  I would weigh 500 lbs if I lived in this vicinity.  I guess it's good that I live in Chicago.  Even then, I got stuff to go!
5	WONDERFUL !! The pastries are the best I have found in the area.  The counter help- not so much.  But because the items are soooooo good I will go back and put up with the person waiting on me being a crab !!
5	Simply amazing. I wish had the skills to write how good this place is. Since I don't, you must go check it out. So much to choose from so I recommend once of everything.
5	Fantastic bakery with tons of delicious goodies and a wide variety of breads.  Everyone was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
4	Omg so good! The pastries are delicious and the cherry cheesecake is outta this world! The workers are really friendly too which is a plus. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was b/c they didn't have macaroons, but everything was delicious and I will be def be going back :)
5	This little pastry shop has all your sweet however want to eat they have it all very good very fresh very delicious it's right on the corner of grand east of fries delicious delicious New York West pastry bakery shop you'll love it, it's a must if you need to have some good pastries definitely stop and pick something up.  Update 11/5/13 Forget about donuts you, you have to stop  here this place  is open today it is a pastry heaven if you love pastries you need to come visit this place is by far the best.
5	They had me at prune bear claw. Ok, not really, but it grabbed my attention since my Dad and I had just been talking about my grandmother's prune pierogis. So, when I was visiting over the holidays, I knew this would be a stop in our travels, especially since it was Sun City and my Dad had not been! What?? Yelp it up, padre! We stopped in, a group of 6, two days before Christmas, on a Monday when they would normally have been closed, and they were doing business baby. They were swamped! But the line moved speedily while still giving you an opportunity to peruse the filled cases. I'd classify this bakery under the "looks average, but everything tastes fantastic" category. Everything we tasted that day, which was a lot- and cheap, was delicious. Light, airy donuts, excellent cheese and prune danishes, fantastic lemon crumb cake.And ladies and gentlemen, I give you....the chocolate babka. Now this girl is a HUGE Seinfeld fan, so you know that chocolate babka stood no chance. No chance. I would not be settling for a cinnamon babka, even though I know, "cinnamon...cinnamon? Cinnamon takes a back seat to no one!" Be that as it may, I grabbed myself that chocolate babka the moment I saw it. I'd never had one. It looked heavy, dense and dry, but I was getting it simply for the novelty of it. So, you can imagine how gobsmacked I was (yeah, I said gobsmacked) when we tried it later that night and it was delicious...creamy, rich and delicious- not at all dry. And at $8.95, it served 13 small but adequate slices, and that was only half the babka! We managed to have it again the next night. That's value! Highly recommend. Also, the seedless Italian loaves were fantastic and a great value as well. Hell, it's all a great value here. I mean, if you are on a budget, but still have that sweet tooth or need some awesome bread, look no further. We made 2 more stops here during our visit, and would definitely be regulars if we lived in the area. Good, good stuff, and never forget...get the chocolate babka. Or the cinnamon...which we didn't see, but would make Jerry happy. It's gold, Jerry, GOLD!
5	This bakery is the real deal. Being a New Yorker I consider myself to be a harsh judge of a good pastry. I've had the best and this place ranks top 5 in the U.S. My only complaint, it's 35 miles from where I live in the East Valley. With that said I visit at least once a month! I definitely would suggest you give them a try. I have no doubt you'll fall in love. Almost forgot......I love the way they package your items to go! All securely boxed and tied with string the old school way. No one does that anymore!
5	Real nice bakery, great selection and prices are very fair.Building stands alone by itself and its very inviting, I recommend stopping in for a thing or two and giving it a shot.The devil dog was a must try for my first time and its delicious.
3	I have been to this bakery a few times and normally like what I get. Today I went there for Lemon bars because I had a crazy craving. I also got a chocolate cake thing for my grandpa. The lemon bar is really bad. Idk what else to say about it. The crust is like a plain cracker the filling tastes old and it's too dense. On top of all of this it's like semi frozen or just strangely frosty cold. Just bad. I'm sitting next to it right now I literally cannot finish it. My grandpa's chocolate cake is good their tiramisu is really good and cheese cake is good. Don't get the lemon bars and I think you'll be fine!
4	I came here on National "Pi" Day to get some of their pocket pies. Walking in I was a little overwhelmed because there was SO much to choose from. There people working were very nice & I was in & out in no time. I picked up 2 lemon pocket pies & a lemon bar. The lemon bar was nothing special, the filling was very dense. The pocket pies had a really yummy filling & the crust was great. If I'm in the area I will stop by to try some other items.
4	My husband and I thought we had "died and gone to heaven."  Being from Chicago, we have not been able to find a real old-fashioned bakery for two years.  Stumbled upon it, and we are addicted.  I love the little, fresh cookies, bagels, rye bread, etc.  I will say though that I purchased several of these little square crumb cakes, and was very disappointed.  They were hard and dry.  The other purchases more than made up for this.  The reasons I did not give 5 stars were:  #1. -  The bakery needs to be cleaned and/or updated.  They have a little gold mine here.  It doesn't cost too much to clean up, especially the hallway to bathrooms.  That part is not appetite-inducing.  #2. -  The cashiers could have been more friendly, and I felt rushed. It can be very busy for them, but it is confusing for the customer who "feels like a little kid in a candy store."  All that being said, we definitely will return for our fix.
3	Came here to see about macaroons and they had a different kind not exactly what I had in mind but overall I love that it's a family owned place and they had plenty of desserts but I end up buying the Mexican cookies they were pretty light and good till I got to the nuts they had a distinct taste no to my tasting
5	Living in the West Valley, options for locally owned bakeries are slim pickings. However, this would be worth the drive if I didn't live near by. The bear claws are freshly baked with a rich almond paste center and always on point. Also, there are some almond bar treats (I'm not sure what the proper name is) that are our go to pastry. I have also had the fruit danish and some of the cookie selections, never disappointed here!
4	Oh yeah..this is just like the bakery down the street from where i grew up on the Island. The bakery case is loaded with every freakin pastry and cookie you can imagine and they all are done NY style. The only thing missing is the NY attitude, but I can supply that anywhere I roam. Of course, I had to sample a bagel and CC and that was slightly above average, but did not rank anywhere near a top bagel only shop. Bakeries in the big apple are not known for bagels, but once I sampled a few pastries, then that good old NY feeling came rushing back. Loaded with butter and all the heavy ingredients, the cheese kolatche was pretty epic with its crumb topping and cheese filling. Everything else looked classic East coast, but too bad this place is in Surprise. I guess all the old Jews retire over there because I saw a bunch of them during my visit, so it looks like a road trip will be in order to conquer those NY cravings in the future.
1	To the owners of NYW,I have been here before and I know you're about equal too but NOT better than BASHA'S fine bakeries for half your prices...however...you read the parts on YELP reviews where people say, "the counter help is depressing"...(?)...  and that's why I will never set foot into your 1950's dirty attempt to be a New York qualified establishment  in the respectful town of SUN CITY.The OWNER, heavy female with glasses, mid 50's, has all kinds of issues with customer service and it figures the employees imitate her!!!!New York...NO! Like with the PIZZA, give up the ruse.
2	Mediocre old school non-whipped cream lardy cream stuff. Such poor quality we threw away good looking (but bad tasting) baked goods.  Perhaps the good yelp reviews are written by the taste budless... A disappointment.
5	Immediately when you walk in, the wonderful smells hit you in the face and even if you're not hungry, you want something.... Something sweet! This place is beyond dangerous if you're on a diet!  I'm like a kid in  a candy store every time I go there. Mostly everything is ala cart and inexpensive. I always want to try everything! So far, I highly recommend the cannolis, eclairs, carrot cake cupcakes, ordering cakes for special occasions and the cheese Danishes! Yum! You won't be disappointed!
3	Average bakery, some of the pasteries were good and others were a little disappointing. I wanted to try a cupcake to get a feel for how their cakes tasted but it was very cold which made the frosting impossible to eat and the cake itself was dry. I enjoyed the lavender macaroon that I had though. I also tried an assortment of cookies which were just ok imo. There's not much else as far as bakeries in the Surprise area :(
5	A little taste of New York in Sun CityBeing a native New Yorker, I am always on a quest for Italian bakeries in Arizona.  However, authentic Italian Bakeries are not so easy to find in Arizona. So when I came across New York West Pastry and Bake Shop I knew I hit the lottery. I found my little taste of New York in Sun City, Arizona.New York West has all the typical Italian pastries, Linzer tarts, napoleon,rainbow cookies, pignoli, pie pockets, devil dogs, salt sticks, and one of my favorites sfogliatelle.  In addition to absolutely delicious pastries New York West is also a full service bakery. I mean, they carry rolls, breads, bagels, and even pizza dough.   The breads and rolls are flaky, buttery and perfectly delicious. New York West has it all.The customer service is second to none at New York West. It is rare to walk into a bakery that you haven't been to for some time and the owner not only remembers you but recalls your favorite pastry's, now that's what I call great customer service. All the staff at New York West are friendly, accommodating, and patient.  After all,  it can take a while to decide exactly what you want to eat. If your ever in the area and want delicious pastry's, stop by New York West you won't be disappointed.
