4	Good greasy omelets dripping in cheese. The food is good, prices are  average, service normal, atmosphere is cute. I do recommend this place for food however CAUTION check you bill to see if it is correct. 4 out of the 5 times I have eaten there the bill was added up wrong or I was charged for food I did not receive. I do not think it was done on purpose just some people with poor math skills work here.
1	this place is drat disgusting. do not, i repeat, do not eat here! unless you want to vomit! The Griddle? More like, The Shittle!
4	We were looking for a breakfast/lunch place and happen to see their sign off of Eastern.Their potions are larger. I got the Garden Skillet and that came with 3 eggs, biscuits and gravy, mushrooms, onions, green bell peppers, tomatos w/cheese on top of home fries! The boyfriend got a breakfast burrito and he loved it! His uncle got a parfait and a short stack of pancakes. The parfait came in a fancy wine glass, filled with fresh strawberrys, banana, yogurt (plain and vanilla). Yum!Service was good. Asked what we wanted to drink shortly after we seated ourselves. Quick with the refills too.Prices were great for the portion size they give you. Kinda felt bad for not taking home my leftovers...I would definitely go back to try their other items on the menu!
1	We were excited to try something new, some other than the usually IHop or Denny's. I thought it was a cute little place. The service wasn't too great but he was polite. The price was not too bad. Anyway, I ordered a chicken caesar salad wrap with fries. I got one whole stalk of lettuce (was not chopped at all), it also had like a garden mix of salad and very little chicken and dressing. The garden spring mix of veggies was very over powering the dressing and even the romaine. The fries portion was small. The waiter even tipped over my plate and the french fries were all over the table. With that being said, he didn't even give new fries. I asked for ranch and the ranch tasted like the ranch from the Kroger bottle that you would get from the local grocery store. My husband ordered a philly cheesesteak skillet type thing. There was only about 2 bites of meat on it and the rest was all potatoes. His dish was somewhat tasty. LOL We just wished there was more meat on it. He also asked for the gravy to be put on the side and the gravy was bland. They had about 7 employees there. Some were just sitting and lounging around . We waited forever for everything! All in all, we wouldn't go back and would not recommend it to anyone.
3	I hesitate to give The Griddle 3 and not 4 stars. I wish 3.5 was an option. The staff was helpful, the Orange Juice tasted like it had been juiced on the spot, and they had no problem making my order custom (I basically invented a sandwich and they didn't bat an eyelash).Prices are decent. The place is sortof cute. Something is missing or else this would get 4 stars. It doesn't quite feel... cozy. Maybe because the doors are open and it was freezing, or maybe because the layout is awkward. I'm not sure. But it has potential. Worth a shot.
4	The Griddle is a fantastic breakfast spot that delivers a satisfying amount of tasty classics in a cozy environment.  The staff works hard and they always seem to have smiles on their faces.My favorite meal is the Lumberjack, offering up three eggs, sausage or bacon, hash browns and two pancakes the size of Toyota Prius tires.  I've also had the pleasure of having a customized omelet, also oversized and plenty tasty.You can tell the food is good because the last couple of times we've gone there's been a short wait.  It's a pretty small joint, so if they enjoy continued success maybe they'll be able to expand, especially since no other restaurants in that plaza can seem to stay in business.Do not even think about having breakfast at the IHOP or Denny's right down the street when the Griddle is available.
5	I am writing this review on behalf of my hubby. He loves this place. He eats there at least 3 times a week. They bring his soda as soon as he sits down..they all know what he wants. He gets the grilled cheese and fries every time. They make it on texas toast and its awesome and the fries are crisp crinkle cut.He knows everyone there and gets the best customer service of any place in town.The place is packed on Saturdays due to the car show in the parking lot.
5	The Griddle is a GREAT little Family restaurant with AMAZING good food & great customer service whether they're slammed or have 1/2 their tables available.
4	The Griddle is a cozy breakfast spot on Silverado Ranch & Eastern.  Had breakfast at the Griddle and was impressed with the entire restaurant.  It has a hole-in-the-wall look and feel, but delivers on big flavor and big selection.Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and the Griddle has everything you need to get a jump start on your day.  They offer all the classics that they have no problem customizing to your individual needs.  I loved the services despite the rush of customers they had while I was there.  They did a fantastic job and made an impression on my breakfast hot spot list.
5	Came here again this morning with the hubby for breakfast. They know what we drink and bring it right over..such amazing service!Our food was out in record time..seriously like 4 minutes..it was hella fast. I was still prepping my coffee!!I see why my hubby loves this place so much. I swear I am falling in love as well! The food is very good and they give us such speedy service.I will always come back..with the hubby of course!
4	Overview:  It was a Saturday morning on Labor Day weekend and all the Breakfast spots were packed.  We went from full parking lot to full parking lot till we got to the Denny's on Eastern.  Yes, I'll admit it, I eat at Denny's.  When you've worked a 12 hour night shift at the hospital, sometimes you just want some greasy stuff piled up high on your plate with some pan cakes and syrup.  Since the Denny's on Eastern was also full, we drove by wondering where we should try next when we spotted The Griddles sign and pulled in.Location:  Get off on the 215 at Eastern heading south.  It will be on the Left a bit past Denny's and the gas station.  Exterior:  This place is small with a few tables outside.  You could almost miss it.Interior:  There are booths on both walls and high tables and stools down the middle.  Nothing Fancy here.  Very bare bones.Service:  We were given immediate service and our food and drinks came out very quickly.  I did not take the time to check my tab as others have suggested.  Maybe next time I'll take the time to do so just to see.  The price didn't seem out of control, so I assume they got it right.Food:  Your standard American breakfast affair.  Not the hardest thing in the world to cook up.  They got eggs, meats, pan cakes, and the standard guest.  I was happy to see real fresh squeezed orange juice.  It wasn't that American cheese orange of your store juice.  This was a deeper orange with bits of pulp floating on top.  The taste was a bit tart, but like biting into an orange.  If it's not fresh, then I need to ask them what brand it is, cause its good.  My choice that morning was chicken fried steak.  Their version comes with the white gravy, a pile of potato cubes (home fries), eggs made to order, and toast.  It didn't seem like a lot, but it was very filling and satisfied my breakfast cravings.  Taste wise, it was okay.  The chicken fried steak was average, the gravy didn't blow me away, the home fries were equally adequate, and my toast was burnt.  Summary:  Overall an average breakfast spot.  I've actually ate better at an Ihop or Denny's.  Service was speedy and the bill was very reasonable.  Great Orange Juice, okay food.  The fact that I didn't have to wait to be seated or have a problem finding a parking spot was the bright spot.  That in and of itself pushed me up to 4 stars.
4	Went back to the Griddle today for a quick power breakfast before starting the day. Had the Turkey Sausage Patties with 3 Poached Eggs, and wonderful Sourdough bread.  My girlfriend choose the Sausage biscuit w/gravy, poached eggs.  Everything came out prompt and tasted spectacular.It's been a while since my first visit to The Griddle, but I must say that it beats the Original Sunrise Cafe hands down, and makes the very top of my breakfast list for that area of town.
4	I ate at The Griddle 2 mornings in a row, once with my husband, once with my MIL who LOVES a good, big breakfast. The service is passible, the staff isn't super-quick and we had to flag him over a few times for refills.The food is excellent, tho! We both ordered the Lumberjack, and once I ordered bacon, the next AM, the sausage patty. GET THE SAUSAGE PATTY! It was beyond delicious! The bacon was dissappointing, soggy limp and pre-cooked. The cooks know how to make a perfect over-medium egg, and that's big in my book. The home fries tasted and felt like they were cooked in bacon grease, but that's GOOD! They were really delicious. The pancakes were the best part of breakfast, tho! They tasted NOT from a mix batter, but from scratch. A bit tangy with buttermilk, they were massive, fluffy and chewy. They serve real butter here for them, but maple-flavored syrup. (none of the REAL stuff, sad to say)I like the food beeter here, than at The Origional Sunrise Cafe, just a few blocks away. They make a MUCH tastier pancake, and really good coffee, too!I'm be going alot more in the future, I know it! BTW, the picky family members I took loved it as well, even more than I did!
3	Food is good, service was good and atmosphere is above average. We had the Philly skillet and French toast. Like another reviewer said, the Philly skillet was low in meat (heavy on potatoes). French toast was fine, probably would have been better if I shelled out for  the $2 flavored syrup. Nice place to sit and drink coffee, unfortunately my refill never came.
4	The Griddle is a great place to have breakfast. The pancakes are delicious, best I've come across so far in Vegas. The french toast was also good, with generous sprinkles of cinnamon. Even though it is in a large shopping center, it manages to still be a quaint, little breakfast joint. Its nice to sit outside in one of the 4 patio tables. Inside, its small but service when we went was quick, friendly and fabulous.
4	My go to breakfast joint. Nothing super special about the menu...just the classics. Always great service and the food is served promptly. I think I like that it's just the classics. I'm not in to fusion when it comes to my first meal of the day. Good mug of coffee and fresh squeezed OJ. Really...what more do you need?
5	Love this place! Everything is amazing, and the service is top notch!
2	We decided to give the griddle a try this morning as our regular breakfast joint was busier than usual. This place just doesn't do it for me. The service is rather random as any of 3-4 people bring things to your table. The food is average at best: eggs were good, bacon limp and french toast thick but not very good. The decor is also kind of random with tables on top of each other and crowded with over-sized condiments. I don't anticipate a return visit.
5	Hands down the best breakfast joint in town! If you're a coffee lover, you'll love this place. They have the most addictive coffee. Also make sure you ask Frank for the Red Velvet Pancakes!  They serve you so much food you'll be taking some home!
2	The food was average, at best. Portions were large (THREE eggs benedict, really?). Staff was friendly but forgot to bring my side of bacon, not a good thing.
4	For a comfort breakfast this is one of the better places in town. Service is just right. Home fries are just the way I like them, off the skillet not out of the fryer.
4	Love to eat here on the patio with our dogs!  The food is really good and reasonable too.  I'm pretty sure this is a family owned and operated business.  Everyone who works here is very nice and friendly.  I'd suggest breakfast with the chicken, feta, spinach and potatoes.  It comes with pita slices.  Very delicious!  My husband has always enjoyed their Griddle breakfast of eggs, hash browns, toast and sausage.  This is an easy to get to location.  Go on Saturday mornings....there's normally a car show.  Very fun to walk around!
3	This place has suuuper good food that's for sure.But the only downside is the service. i've gone back a couple times and there's never been improvement. even when it wasn't that busy the service was just kind of "ok." they definitely can step it up a notch there..the staff pretty much just seats you, takes your order and then you never see them again until they drop off your check. i even asked for more water when our food arrived and never got it until they brought our check like 20 minutes later.
5	Had the breakfast burritos a few times...very good!
2	Coming back to Vegas, I met with some friends for brunch here. Here and there, they'd boast of this place as though it was a religious experience. However, I beg to differ.Service was decent - fulfilling the bare requirements of refilling my water and taking my order. Other than that, where's the conversation? Better yet, where is the smile?Onto the food, I had ordered a breakfast concoction comprised of eggs, feta, spinach, and chicken. Pita on the side as well as potatoes, it was decent. The chicken was dried out, while the eggs were flavorless. I had a bite of my friend's breakfast burrito, which was good. However, my other friend's eggs and bacon looked dismal and...limp.The one benefit of the Griddle is the location. Conveniently near the 215 and with a large parking lot, the store is easy to get to. The day I came, the doors were opened as to permit brunch fare to be eaten outdoors.Honestly, other than the convenient location, there's not much bringing me back to the Griddle.
5	Consistently perfect omelets and service.And omg the red velvet pancakes are fantastic.
4	One lovely morning, I had a wonderful breakfast on the patio here.  It was about $30 for two OJs, one coffee, an omelet and pancakes.  A little much but the food was wonderful.I always enjoy when the servers let you linger a little on a Saturday morning after you're done eating so you can sip your coffee and enjoy the day...and they definitely did that here.
5	Mmmm...The Griddle Platter: chicken, spinach, mushroom and feta on top of potatoes. served with eggs and pita :O)I've never had a problem with the service here and absolutely love their Griddle Platter! I cannot wait 'til I spend 2 months in Henderson on my clinical rotation to get my fill of The Griddle!On a side note: I tried my friend's red velvet pancakes (which I found out about through yelp) but, didn't find them anything to brag about. Maybe the hype on yelp killed it, but nevertheless, still good food :O)
2	We went to this restaurant this morning and were very disappointed. The service was horrible (they never brought my decaf coffee, never checked on us and never refilled anything without us having to wave them down). As for the food, it was just average. As breakfast lovers, we were looking forward to trying out a new place. Unfortunately, we won't be going back.
4	Good food large portion. Coffee is great. inside seating is noisy. Sit out side much nicer bing your dog or pet monkey.
3	I would give this place a four-star if four-star doesn't mean "Yay! I'm a fan" because I like this place, but I can't say I am a fan!  The Griddle is located in the midst of all the shops inside the shopping plaza on Eastern.  The atmosphere is very casual with kind of a homey warm feeling to it.  They have booths all along both side of the restaurant and these high bar-table in the middle.  Each booth sits four people, and we had a party of five.  We had a chair sticking out in the aisle.  Not too big of a deal but I wish we had a bigger table.  Anyways. We sat down with my family for breakfast on a Saturday morning and were greeted with the server right away to take our drink orders. I ordered the fresh squeezed orange juice, and someone had the coffee, which I tried, and it was decent.  I had a short stack of hotcakes with strawberries on top and scrambled eggs and sausages on the side. The hotcakes were really really big; they were about 8 inches in  diameter.  And I had two!  They were quite delicious, but other than the size of it, not too wow-worthy.  The scrambled eggs were scrambled eggs.  The sausages, however, were DELICIOUS!!!  Be sure to order them. Someone had the country breakfast - sausage patties on top of biscuits drowned in gravy.  It was pretty decent.  Someone else had an omelet with cheese, onion and chili.  The chili were pretty good, so the omelet was quite delicious if you don't mind that kind of thing in your stomach first thing in the morning.All in all, this is a cute little breakfast joint that is worth visiting if you live in the area.  The food is cheap; service is good, and there is no wait!   If you stroll over to the Original Pancake House, you'll find mediocre but overpriced food.  If you are NOT into that kind of thing, go to the Griddle.
4	The Griddle stays busy and there's a reason for that...it's good! Over the summer this became a bit of a ritual for my boyfriend and I. We became Griddle experts. The skillets here are huge and tasty but arrive starving! My favorite is the philly cheese one, yum. I usually stick to the canadian bacon and eggs, simple but great every time. The boyfriend swears the biscuits and gravy are the best he's ever had, so take his word for it. The french toast is picture perfect too.The coffee isn't quite strong enough for my taste, but that's just me. A cool part about coming here on Sundays is the farmers market is right in the same parking lot, makes for a great morning meal then a walk around. Sometimes the wait is about 15-20 mins but even on a busy day I don't think I've waited longer than that. They offer outdoor seating as well if you want to bring your canine companion along.
4	Love the griddle! Good home cooking although I get the same breakfast dish which consists of an egg white omelet loaded with veggies, English muffin and fruit cup instead of potatoes. However I must say their potatoes are awesome if you want to splurge. They have great streaming hot cups of coffee! I've also had their oatmeal bowl with fruit and granola that was super yummy and the presentation was great. For lunch I've had their Mediterranean salad which is a huge bowl full of veggies, a scoop of hummus and pita bread. It's worth sharing cuz it's huge. My bf likes their breakfast skillets but has been disappointed by their biscuits and gravy b/c they are always cold. Bummer. The griddle is a good local place for brunch. Con- the service is kinda slow
4	Sunday breakfast is a tradition for my bf, my sister, her bf and I. We've tried so many different places but lately we've been hooked on this place.  We always seem to have the same server who is friendly and attentive. I love how the food is always fresh and doesn't leave a big grease pile on my plate from the potatoes. The pancakes are huge and really fluffy. They have outdoor seating so we are even able to bring our dog.
4	The griddle is the best. French toast and  waffles are great. I have tried most everything on the menu and loved it all.
4	Went here for brunch for the first time the other day.  It was a great little place for breakfast.  I was excited to be able to order a breakfast meal at noon as well after a late night.  The place is cute, and was busy.  I ordered the Lumberjack (i believe it's called) which came with 2 HUGE pancakes, 3 sausage links, 3 eggs and potatoes.  The pancakes were DELICIOUS.  I highly recommend trying them.  I couldn't even finish half of the plate, but worth the $10 regardless!  I can't wait to go back and try one of their griddle plates!
1	To make me come on Yelp to review says a lot -- the place can either be out of my mind amazing or so bad that I needed the world to know. Unfortunately, this place fell in the latter category. The service was lackluster, bordering on dismal. The food was average, nothing to call home about. I had the french toast, soggy like my mood. But the reason as to why I graced my presence on Yelp was because they overcharged my bill by 10 dollars and if I didn't catch it, they wouldn't have said anything. After confrontation, they did not apologize and just handed the check back to me with little more than an oops. I didn't expect anything, just a "sorry" would've sufficed. But their sour moods coupled with their sour foods just really meant no one should waste their time there.
4	I was in the area and looking for a place to get some pancakes (or waffles) other than IHOP.I stumbled upon this place when driving around and decided to try it.I was with my brother and we ordered a pancake combo and a waffle combo.The pancakes were quite large and tastyThe waffle was a normal size, but quite tasty as well.The eggs and bacon/sausage weren't anything special, but the prices were decent and the meal was filling.I'll eat here again (and try their more unique dishes).
5	I love this restaurant!! The food is awesome and the service is great.  Perfect for breakfast and lunch!!
2	Ok, ok. So 2-stars doesn't look great. And the truth is, I suppose it isn't. However, I should clarify that this isn't a "bad" review.First - if you are looking for The Griddle like the one in LA, this isn't it, so don't get your hopes up.Now...  One of the easiest things to make tasty is probably a simple plate of bacon and eggs with toast.  The Griddle accomplished that.  I ordered two eggs over easy, a side of bacon, and wheat toast. I got everything I asked for, and it was all pretty good.  Coffee was fine and my cup stayed full during our visit.  The atmosphere was ok and the service was friendly.Was there anything special about The Griddle? Well..... no. However, if you want something that is an alternative to IHOP or another sort of generic breakfast joint, this isn't a horrible option.
2	Disappointing. Used to be really good, but my food came out with no heat. Not cold, but like it had been sitting for a while. Coffee was watered down. They remade the food, and it was better, but no apologies, no acknowledgment about the problem. This is not the same great breakfast restaurant it used to be.
2	We used to love this place for breakfast, however we haven't been here in about 2 months. The food was still the same but the service SUCKED really bad today. Didn't recognize any of the servers, what got me was we sat there for 10 min & were ignored until I said something. Other patrons came in & were greeted with coffee & they're order taken quickly.......anyhow we got no apology & know we will no longer eat there.
1	The red velvet pancakes do not make up for the more than half an hour wait for drinks that we had to order three times, the inattentive wait staff nor the cold breakfasts that were delivered to our table! People who were sat twenty minutes after us were served quicker and another patron had to direct the waitress to my table when she failed to stop at our table yet again.
2	Thought we'd take a chance on The Griddle. Unfortunately, it was the wrong call. Biscuits in cold gravy.  Bland food.  Strangely, the water had a terrible taste, so we couldn't even wash the food away.  The pancakes at least seemed OK at first, but then..  the weird taste of the water and the food stayed with me for hours, I just couldn't get it out of my mouth.  It's 7 hours later and I can still taste the weird flavor.  I really don't think I'll be going back there.
4	My first time at this place and I was pleasantly surprised. There wasn't anyone to greet us when we first got there so we just walked up to the counter to order our food. Everything on the menu looked delicious so I decided to try something unusual. The red velvet pancakes seemed like the best choice. It was like eating a red velvet cupcake but in a form of a pancake, it even had chocolate chips in it. The pancakes were thick, fluffy, huge and had some type of syrup drizzled over it. YUMMY! The 2 pancakes and orange juice came out to be under $10, totally worth it.
3	Due to the location I think our expectations were a bit high. The prices are a tad much for the quality of food but the service is above average.It may be a bit better than Denny's but it can cost you about double for the same quality of food. We had the Lumber Jack breakfast and Breakfast Burrito and they were just ok. The pancakes were doughy and under cooked and most of the rest of the stuff resembled food from a high school fund raiser. The French toast and waffles may have been better choices. The OJ is fresh squeezed which is a nice touch.Don't set your expectations too high and you will be happy with the Griddle.
2	The staff has changed and so has the food. Not sure if it's the same cook. The food was not as good as before.
2	Don't eat here. I got the skillet breakfast and the potatoes that come with it were more like boiled in oil, instead of nice and crispy...no flavor in the veggies that were over the potatoes, I guess you have to salt it to your taste. We waited too long to be asked to order because it was very busy. OH...and the coffee mug...grimy, with a small hair stuck to it. It's just a bunch of inexperienced people that have to many orders to cook.
4	There's not a lot of seating in here so you sometimes have to wait. It's a great locals place for breakfast, they have some healthier options and some not so healthy at all.It's pet friendly outside and the staff is always very friendly.
5	Met a friend here Sunday AM at 7AM.  We sat outside and had great food and wonderful service.  My friend had the lemon and blueberry pancakes and really enjoyed.  I had the traditional Eggs Benedict.  I could not have asked for it to be any better.  The staff was attentive, yet not intrusive.  We were done and just chatting, and even though they were developing a wait list they did nothing to make us feel rushed.  As soon as we realized we did go though.  I was afraid it would be too crowded on a weekend..but I would not hesitate to go back.  YUM!
1	If you like BUGS in your food, then this is your place to go!No, seriously. I used to be a devoted Griddle fan.. This was my go-to for a breakfast spot..  Until I had two NASTY accidents here within a week of each other! I had visited this place with my sister. She ordered a chicken salad sandwich of some sorts. When her order came, she lifted a slice of the bread to add salt and pepper, and what do you know, a BUG was crawling in her sandwich. We immediately sent it back, and noticed a few diners looked a little turned off from their food.. So my sister agreed to just order the same thing. They "made" her a new one, which came out suspiciously fast, for "making" a new sandwich?Now for the second round. I decided to go here again later on in the week on my lunch hour with a coworker. I ordered my usual egg white omelette with potatoes. As I am slicing my potatoes, there is very CLEARLY a DEAD FRIED FLY IN MY POTATOES. This place is disgusting. I will not be back. Sorry, Griddle, but take better care of your sanitation. NASTY.
4	Almost felt discouraged from coming here because of the recent string of bad reviews.Went here for the first time around noon on a Tuesday and had a great experience! Once we saw the waitress, she asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside (we said outside) and got us menus. I settled for two red velvet pancakes while my brother had eggs and two pancakes (one red velvet, the other blueberry).The portion was in the middle for me, not too big not too small. It was a lot more filling than I expected and had to take the rest home. Now I know I can get by on one and completely avoid the full stack option. The syrup that was on the red velvet was delicious, I loved how the syrup and the powdered sugar was presented in a criss cross pattern! The chocolate chips added another layer of flavor to the red velvet and thankfully they didn't go overboard with the chips.
3	Mediocre food. It wasn't really hot. It's was served very quickly which tells me it's in a warming tray. Very nice staff. Not sure if we will come back
4	This is one of our favorite places for breakfast.  Yes, it is a small place and gets crowded and you sometimes have to wait to be seated but I haven't found the problems that others have found.  However, I'll be on the look out for bugs because I'm thoroughly grossed out!  The fresh squeezed orange juice is really good and my husband always orders the breakfast burrito, which he swears is the best.  My order varies and I've never been disappointed.  Our daughter always gets the children's pancake plate and loves it.  They have really good pancakes and these are just the plain style.  I'm picky about pancakes and hate IHOP!  We've  brought friends here when they're in town and they loved the place as well.
3	I expected more from this place but found it to be just ok. The service was kinda long and the food was...so-so. For the price, we expected more. The Lumberjack platter was comparable to a Denny's Slam platter...not saying that its bad, but pricey for what you can get elsewhere.
2	1st - I know this is the location near my house but I think this is the wrong address attached to this location - it's still should be a  Las Vegas (not Henderson) address as is the other places in this shopping center.....Anyways - inside is clean but service is slow and not very informative - when I ordered the side of 2 pancakes knowing it was our first time eating there the waitress should have told us that 1 pancake is already pretty huge - that info would've been nice!!!The food took awhile and when it came it wasn't hot - The food was OK - it's nothing special - the crab cake eggs benedict was a tad bit too fishy and the hollandiase sauce had no flavor - it was the same with the BF's biscuit covered in white gravy - the gravy was tasteless.....The Red Velvet pancake with chocolate chips and cream cheese syrup was OK as well....I wouldn't order that again and if I did only 1 pancake is needed as a side and to share.The kid's chicken tenders and fries were good enough for her - The BF's breakfast skillet was OK - but he didn't care to finish it which is unusual....Maybe we ordered the wrong stuff - IDK - all I know is that if a place makes me wait longer than the normal time my food better be hot and a little salt added to the food does go a long way.....
3	What a nice change from a Denny's or IHOP!  A warm and inviting atmosphere, we were seated quickly, and the food was out in only a few minutes (it was a busy Sunday morning, too!).  It's a little pricey for what it is, though, so I'll give it 3 stars.  If you're nearby and looking for a change from the typical chain breakfast joint, give it a shot!
3	Average diner fare.  We went here because the Crepe place was too full, and had perfectly good food.
4	Really good tomato stew! Perhaps the best one I've ever had.
4	My favorite breakfast/brunch place by far.  They have amazing pancake flavors and they're HUGE.  I had the lemon blueberry and oatmeal protein ... delicious.  It's clean and the service is great.  It's very small inside so you either have to be patient or beat the rush.
5	DELICIOUS!! the food was GREAT! The people were extremely friendly & efficient & service was top notch! The Griddle Tosada special should be on the menu!  If visiting LV get off the strip & try this place!!!
5	Excellent food, great little breakfast place
4	First time I went here, I was disappointed by the service because the young server didn't seem to be interested or focused. I decided to give it another try yesterday for a late breakfast. Service was fantastic yesterday - at least three employees took care of my mum and I, whether it was taking our order, clearing our table, checking on food quality - they were all enthusiastic and very helpful. The pancakes are my favorite here - red velvet in particular. They are large (1 or 2 is plenty for me) and come with a dollop of cream cheese frosting rather than butter - absolutely divine. The bacon and eggs were your basic, nothing out of the ordinary - but could be added to a pancake order to make a combo for an additional $2.99. My mum got the lemon blueberry pancakes which had a light refreshing taste and a fluffy texture. I will definitely be back, hopefully my first experience was a fluke and the second was more like the common experience.
5	Greatttt food. Chicken and waffles were amazing. Small place so usually a wait but if you have a couple extra minutes, it's well worth it.
3	Was looking for another restaurant when we came across the griddle . Sooo glad we did. Good coffee. Had a skillet and tried the pancakes. Way to many potatoes and not enough other ingredients on the skillet. The pancakes were fluffy and yummy and huge!  The biscuits in the biscuits and gravy were super fresh so they kinda turned into mush and not a lot (if any) sausage in the gravy. The wait staff was very attentive and interactive with the guests. I had a great experience and will go back to try more.
4	Always a pleasant experience. The food is great my favorite is the Velvet Pan cake! The servers and the owner are always attentive. This is one of my favorite breakfast place in the city.
5	Yummy! Great place similar to Egg Works. Much less crowded and simple. I will definitely be visiting once again. When visiting be sure to get a booth....much more comfortable than the rock hard chairs on the four top tables.
5	First time I went there and the service was great! We didn't wait long for our food either. I got the lumber jack and the red velvet pancake! The pancakes wereHuge!! And really moist. The prices are very reasonable too!
4	I ordered the lemon-blueberry hoecakes with crab cake eggs Benedict. Both were AMAZING!! I would have given 5 stars but the service leaves a lot to be desired. I will come back and try again!!
5	chicken waffles was good  I mean really good you don't even need syrup service was good that attitude great no problems will go back good prices
4	Crab cake Benedict and the breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Both are awesome. I really liked the homestyle fries. Service was great food was quick.
2	Seemed like a nice little breakfast place when we walked in. People were really nice. Got a menu with milk all over the inside. Ordered the country fried steak with eggs over easy, toast and, home fries I think they called them. The eggs were cooked perfectly, as was the county fried steak. Gravy was nice and thick and very tasty. The potatoes on the other hand were bad. Tasted like boiled potatoes cut in to large chunks, then pan fried for a few seconds to reheat them. I did get a free hair from the cook right in the disgusting potatoes. That's when my meal ended. Too many good breakfast places around to waste my time with this one.
2	Sorry fellow yelpers... This place didn't cut it for me.  We stopped in for breakfast.  I read other reviews and people really loved it! She came to get out drink orders and left menus for us to look at.  My husbands menu had milk all over the inside of it.  So tip #1... Wipe down your menus.  Tip #2... Wipe down your tables also.  Had finished my coffee and had to wait for our meals to be delivered to get my second cup.  Hmmm.  No problem because my food was in front of me now.I ordered the Crab Cake Eggs Benedict.  It came with a side of potatoes.  The Benedict was good! Had a unique flavor and the hollandaise didn't overpower.  The potatoes however... Wah Wah.  They were so disappointing that I didn't have more than two small bites.  They were too mushy with not enough crisp on the outside.  Bummer.  Now for the real let down.  My husband ordered the country fried steak.  He was actually enjoying it until...   A HAIR was found in it.  That completely ruined our appetites and breakfast was over.  So tip #3... Wear hair nets in the kitchen please.  I will say that our waitress was very friendly and courteous.  We didnt say anything about the hair to her.  We were just ready to leave.  I don't see us coming back anytime soon.  Real bummer.
3	Im not sure what all the hype is about this place.No specialty dishes, simple menu & just ok food.Servers are all very friendly but not enough to keep me coming back.I ordered a single red velvet pancake, scrambled egg whites & turkey sausage Side Note: they don't have turkey bacon? Why not have both? Hmm whatever I guess. They brought out a buttermilk pancake :( nooo sir, red velvet. I know this wasn't my error because I've heard nothing but wonderful things about their red velvet & was looking forward to trying them. Server kindly took it back & brought back the red velvet one. No biggy it happens. Now don't get me wrong it was alright. Pretty tastey but i'll be honest, I enjoy iHops red velvet a heck of a lot better. Personal preference though. This just wasn't sweet enough.  Like I said, nothing special about this place, very standard cafe with ok prices.
4	It was very packed for breakfast and not a really big restaurant. I preferred to sit outside but every table was taken.The food is good but the service was a little slow. It was extremely loud and too noisy. Not really the way I'd like to enjoy my breakfast. I couldn't wait to leave because of that reason but I'll return again and hopefully sit outside.
2	Food here is pretty good, however, this place should be a five and it is borderline 2.a.  Location - 5 star - Perfect Location on the east side of Eastern Avenue.  Plenty of parking and entry/ exit way.b.  Ambiance - 3 star - A bit small, I think there must be about 12 tables inside and 3-4 outside. Way too small for people wanting breakfast and nowhere to sit. They cannot control their waiting line very well as there is nowhere to sit or stand.c.  Food - 3 Star - I know I said it was pretty good, however, it is spartan at best. I ordered a made to order omelette with some veggies, jalapenos and peppers with egg whites.  Why they don't have a veggie omelette is odd and why charge me .50 per ingredient?  The omelette was small.  I did not want the home fries and asked for fruit. It was very little bits in a very small cup.d.  Price - 2 star - So, why serve an omelette that looks like it was made with two eggs? Why serve it on a plate with lots of extra room, If you can count the pieces of bits on the plate, that means there is way too little. Only the toast seemed to be filling the plate.  I did not get my value for dollar theoretically as my cousins paid for breakfast.e.  Service -1 star - Here is the biggest failing!  The service here is very poor. They do not come often to fill coffee, never remembering if you had decaf or regular. I had to ask for water twice and then ask them ask for refills. They cannot handle the wait line on a Sunday with any efficiency.  Really a poor way to go in my book.GK says, this place could be great if they were efficient and organized and gave you value for your dollar.I may go back, mainly because hanging with my cousins was awesome!
1	Sucks. Never coming here again. Service horrible. 4 tables that got here after us received their food before us. The waitress was clueless and came to our table once to see how we were. She should of been able to realize that our food still hadn't been delivered to our table. Save your money. Food also sucked. French toast was sprinkled w cinnamon (too much cinnamon that you couldn't enjoy the meal) AND the manager didn't offer to comp anything. Paid $30 for bad service and food.We waited for 40 minutes before anyone realized there was anything wrong and that others were getting their orders before us.I understand that mistakes happen and usually I am happy to wait for them to fix the mistake but they seemed non remorseful for their mistake. They really don't care to make the customer happy or that they would lose a customer. That is sad. Adios!
4	The Skillets and Chili-Style Burger (Melt) are delicious.  My boyfriend loves the Western Skillet.  The Chili-Style Burger is my personal favorite; although I had a regular cheeseburger today with grilled onions and it was delicious as well.  You can tell the food is fresh and made as you order.  Everything tastes homemade!This is a go-to brunch spot for the Henderson area (I have friends that go every week) and worth a 15 minute drive for me.  However, it is a small restaurant so try to go early or late to miss the rush.
5	I went to eat breakfast here this morning and I have to tell you that WOW it was a great place to eat breakfast!!  I will be eating here at least once a week!  The waitress was polite and the food was great and reasonable!  Had the Eggs Benedict and I will make sure to treat myself every Friday!!! Thank you for a great experience!
5	YES 5! I've been coming to this place since they've opened. Since then, I've tried pretty much everything, almost everything. Although they did change their name to "The Griddle Cake" thankfully it's the same owners and menu. They serve breakfast and lunch. It's a small little restaurant that doesn't seat many, which is why it's always busy because it's really yummy! The atmosphere is just plain comfortable. You'll be happy and cozy. Yesterday was New Years Day and also was our anniversary, so we decided to have our first meal of 2014 at this place! We walked in, there was a bit of a wait, but not too bad. Then ordered with our waiter, who's always on point every time we get him. Hubby got the Philly Cheese steak Skillet, which is mixed with the obvious the steak, lots of gooey cheese, veggies, home potato fries  and 3 eggs, he had them cook 2 scrambled and 1 sunny side up to top it on the steak skillet, oh and it also came with a huge side of Biscuits and gravey.  All the skillets come in large portions for an affordable amount which was around $10 or so. I had a build your own omelette and I got an egg, cheese, sausage, tomato, mushrooms and green pepper omelette. Which came with home fries and your choice of toast again with an generous portion for about $9.00 or so. This omelette is fluffy and so flavorful. I love it. And last but certainly not least. We had to get the short stack (should've gotten full) of The BEST red velvet pancakes!!! With Strawberries!!! These red velvet pancakes are the most buttery, soft, moist, fluffiest pancakes ever! They just melt in your mouth. They include chocolate chips in the batter and swirl chocolate syrup and powered sugar on top and sprinkle the sweet sliced strawberries on top with cream cheese frosting on the side. OMG my mouth is watering just typing this. Lol this place is a MUST!
5	There is a small selection of gluten free items available including some omelets, gluten free pancakes and gluten free waffles. The waffles were so good I will probably never have frozen ones at home again. Service was good and the prices were reasonable. I will be back again.
5	This place is incredible.  Really fresh food that is freshly made when you order it.  There is a great selection of breakfast items to suit everyone's needs. Good service with the wait staff offering selections and their favorites. Just moved to this side of town and will be going here a lot!
2	I hate to give a business 2 stars based on one visit, and if I return and they improve so will my rating of them.  Service was a little slow which is to be expected on a Sunday morning.  Staff was very friendly.  My 2 stars is based on the fact that I ordered my steak medium and it  was beyond well done.  I didn't even take it home for my fur babies.  In fact, just thinking about it right now puts a frown on my face.  They did have a variety of menu choices and the prices were fair.
4	This place is called Griddlecakes now. Small spot in a good location. My wife got sausage and eggs and I got the meat lovers skillet. Both came out quickly and both were good. We didn't order anything too elaborate, but food was good and atmosphere was mellow. Would recommend it for a casual breakfast or lunch
5	Best breakfast in town hands down. Affordable prices and the food is delicious. They have the best hash browns ever. And I'm picky when it comes to hash browns. The service is really good and fast. They got bought out by new owners, so all those negative reviews about service being terrible is confusing to me because their service is fast. And Most importantly attentive. We'll continue to go here.
4	The Red Velvet pancake is the BEST I've ever had!  I've had many pancakes in 43 years.  The staff is VERY friendly, although a little distracted or overwhelmed during busy times.  The food is pretty darn delightful for eggs, skillets, breakfast stuff.  Never done lunch there.  Oh, they just changed their name to Griddlecakes.  You should go.
5	Honestly, I don't know why the average rating for this place is so low. Griddle is my "go to" breakfast joint in Las Vegas. They have the most solid food of anywhere I have been in town. You usually have to wait a little while on the weekends as they don't have a huge number of tables.  But, trust me, it's worth it. Overall service is friendly & prompt. The menu isn't crazy creative but it has all the good All-American breakfast/lunch choices. The pancakes are awesome but I always have to get the biscuits & gravy instead because the Griddle is the only place that makes them right (in my opinion). As a girl who relocated from Oklahoma, I am particular about my "southern" dishes and I'm here to tell you... The biscuits & gravy at The Griddle are the best in all of Las Vegas.
4	The meat lovers was good I would recommend this place for breakfast. Price are good  big portions.
5	I spent my first time here last Saturday when some friends came in from out of town. I showed up last in my party of 8, and figured we'd have to wait a while since there was 8 people in our party. Thankfully, by the time we had all said our hellos, they were ready to seat us after just a few minutes. Having never eaten here before, and frankly, not much of a breakfast person, I decided to play it save with french toast and a side of bacon. The wait staff came through quickly and grabbed our orders, and brought us out drinks. By the time we had gotten our first round of drinks, our food started to arrive. I saw many different plates at our table since we all pretty much got something different, and as they were placed each looked better than the last. When I finally got mine, I was presented with a full stack of over-sized french toast that looked like it belonged on pinterest or something. I seriously had to hesitate starting to eat it because it looked that good. After I finally regained my senses and picked up some silverware, I began to enjoy what is easily the best french toast I've ever had. I dug into my ginormous plate with full speed, and managed to make it halfway through the last piece before I finally had to stop myself. Somewhere in the brief pauses of the french toast, I took time to polish off the full plate of bacon which can only be described as moments of bliss.The staff was top notch, and several members of the team came by our tables helping each other out while we were there. The drink refills came by without provocation, and out of 8 people in my group amidst a completely full restaurant, I only saw them ask what someone was drinking once. Very attentive staff with a great attention to detail. If only this place was 15 miles or so closer to my house, I'd be here at least once a week, it's that good.
4	Good food and service. Was pleased that they serve FRESH squeezed orange juice. Food was fresh and served fast. Appreciate that it was a small cafe so the servers could attend to you in a timely manner!
3	Meh. It wasn't bad food, it just wasn't really good food. Prices were reasonable, service was good, food was just ok.
4	Ivan and the staff here have earned this place a four-star!  A neighborhood's favorite!  Griddlecakes has become my family's go-to breakfast place! Enjoy!
5	Yummy red velvet pancakes. I've been looking and craving for these pancakes for such a long time. A good place to go for breakfast & lunch. I'll definitely be back.
2	Dont come on a Sunday. You get seated very fast but the wait for your food after you order is very long. I ordered the crab cake bennidct and because the wait was so long, my eggs became hard not runny. The servers however very attentive.
2	The gluten free waffle is really great and it is nice to see gluten free on the menu, but the last two times I've gone they have been out of the gluten free waffles and pancakes.. Which is a really big bummer seeing as that's the reason I've come 2 times now. Besides that The service is great and other food is also good!
4	Wonderful breakfast spot. Seems to be pretty popular with the locals, but both times we arrived by 9a & sat at a lovely shaded tables outside. The red velvet pancake is quite delicious & my eggs were cooked perfectly. My husband enjoyed his Arizona Scramble (with over easy eggs instead of scrambled).
4	My hubby & I have been frequenting Griddlecakes, formerly The Griddle, for several years now. We usually stop in a couple Saturday mornings a month and I enjoy a "build your own" omelet while my hubby indulges in French toast topped with cinnamon, strawberries & syrup.  The staff is always polite, friendly & accommodating i.e. making sure I have plenty of jalapeno's. Neither of us is very adventurous when it comes to breakfast but lots of their dishes look very tempting. The atmosphere is comfortable and cozy but sometimes it can get a bit loud with all the happy chatter going on. They also have some outdoor seating as well to enjoy the cooler mornings.  Saturday mornings there is also a car show that takes over part of the parking lot and it's fun to walk around after indulging in a yummy breakfast. Certainly a local's favorite!
4	3 words.. Fresh. Squeezed. OrangeJuice.I am in love with this place. Very small dining room and usually very busy but worth it. A definite must if you love breakfast. They even have flavored coffee creamer. Awesome find
5	I introduced my partner (he's from England) to Griddlecakes' chicken & waffles. Now every time he visits Las Vegas, it's- "Can we have chicken & waffles from Griddlecakes tomorrow?" (In a thick British accent) lol. Being from Florida, I really appreciate the fresh squeezed OJ. 5 stars! Xx
3	Tried this place early on Father's day. There was no wait, we were greeted in a  friendly manner & seated quickly. It was kempt & clean, which gave me an idea (hopefully) of how the kitchen would be. Simple menu.. Gluten-free options- pretty cool. I ordered the "Griddle Platter". The food was presented beautifully. It was also very... "clean". Nothing was smothered in butter, grease or sauce-- which in my opinion was great. The service was top notch; Ivan made our visit very pleasant.
5	The atmosphere is very relaxing here at Griddlecakes. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. They also have tasty Gluten Free options and are happy to help accommodate me with my food sensitivities. I will be back here again.
3	It would be nice if the business hours were included on this info. Maybe I'm just not seeing it. I like their eggs benedict. Pretty decent than most places.
4	OK once again my Yelpers did not disappoint! Griddlecakes is quite tasty. The waffles were perfectly cooked to a golden flaky finish and in a shape that you can easily pull apart and dunk in syrup...kids can share with ease. The syrup is good too! The wings had a good flavor with that perfect crunch. Oh the pancakes are HUGE... One is enough for an adult or split a stack. FRESH squeezed OJ... My poor kid was confused on the pulp and seeds...city kid!It was great tummy feeling good enjoy!
4	We went in on a Sunday morning, it was very busy but we got seated in about 10 minutes. Service and food were both excellent! I ordered and omelette that was cooked perfectly with potatoes and toast. Very large portions but made excellent leftovers. The lemon blueberry pancakes and French toast ordered by my family smelled heavenly as well! All around great place, kind if small so would be difficult for a large party, but I will definitely be heading back!
3	The service is good but I would not recommend this place. Bacon was cold, eggs tasted weird. The drinks taste watered down, next time baby stacks cafe forsure!
5	Best in this hoodGreat food and great serviceDefinitely this place will be my hangout breakfast place to go to, I am glad I found it.
5	Been here very regularly and that's with good reason. The food is very good (and consistent, which is huge for me), the staff is very friendly, efficient and accommodating.  We've never had lunch, only breakfast. As for the food, as a family we are constantly tasting from each other's plates. It doesn't matter what I've sampled, it's been very good. The skillet breakfasts, the breakfast burritos, the oatmeal, fresh fruit, pancakes, waffles, home potatoes - all very tasty and cooked properly. My favorite cup of coffee, too. The place is small and if you get there too late for breakfast, there may be a wait. But I really enjoy the cozy, small feel of the place. I don't think you can go wrong with Griddlecakes. We haven't in 40+ visits.
4	I've had breakfast at Griddlecakes a handful of times since I moved to Vegas, and so far so good! Importantly for me, they have outdoor seating with waiter service - which means dog friendly!My husband and I always try to order different dishes and then share. So for instance, on one of our most recent visits he ordered eggs benedict and I ordered the red velvet pancakes. You should know, the pancakes are huge!!! I ordered the short stack (2 pancakes) because I thought one wouldn't be enough for us to share - I was so wrong!! We had at least a whole pancake left over and took it home to eat it for dessert later. The red velvet pancake was definitely good - but I actually think I prefer their waffles. And although I'm not a big eggs benedict fan, I thought they were pretty good and my husband really liked them. This actually might be one of his favorite breakfast spots in town - and we'd be here a lot more often if I didn't insist that we try new places!
4	If you enjoy breakfast joints like those in the mid-west or east coast, definitely go to Griddle Cakes. Fast service, cozy feel, and clean environment. It reminds me of a unique hole-in-the-wall and I'm so happy Vegas finally has a legitimate one.
2	I now know why this is place has only 3 1/2 stars. I Decided to come here for some Sunday brunch, which is my favorite day for snacking adventures, and I was pretty disappointed. Everything here looked appetizing, but in this case looks were definitely deceiving. Griddlecakes is located in a small space in a strip mall, which means your wait time can be anywhere from 5 minutes to 45 minutes. Lucky enough, I only waited for about 15 minutes then was promptly seated. Before I knew it; I had three coffees in front of me: two hot, one cold, two glasses of ice water and a cup of ice. Can you say "overly helpful" wait staff? I'm not complaining about that, it was great that I didn't have to ask for anything because they were so on it! The food arrived shortly after, like I said before it LOOKED amazing, I ordered the "Philly Skillet", this is a deconstructed philly cheese-steak sandwich minus the bread. It comes on a bed of potatoes a lot of delicious melted cheese and to add to this heaping mound of meat, cheese, and cardiac arrest, I also ordered a side of biscuits and gravy. This is where the meal starts to go downhill. The biscuits where ok, but the gravy was watery and pretty bland. The "Philly Skillet" was ok, but over-salted. Everything was cooked well, the steak was perfect, the potatoes were firm, but almost every bite had to be followed with a sip of water. I went through two glasses of water while eating this and I didn't even finish the whole thing. My brunching buddy ordered the "Crab Cakes Benedict" and the "Red Velvet" Pancakes"; these too were disappointing. The crab cakes had a very fishy taste, like the meat was from a can. The hollandaise sauce was good, but not good enough to save the dish. The Red Velvet Pancakes, were also a loss. These just tasted like a flat red velvet cake, very dense not fluffy like a pancake should be. They also had a raspberry sauce drizzled on top, which was peculiar. Normally you don't associate red velvet cake with raspberries.  My review for Griddlecakes is a tad tough; I was teetering between a three star review and a two star review. I decided to go with the two star review because this food was not "A-OK". This location is very clean and the service is impeccable. The food just fell far short of what I was expecting, over-salted and questionable flavor choices. I WILL be coming back to Griddlecakes because I believe in second chances for both people and foodies alike.
5	Best breakfast in town! From the skillets to the healthy egg whites and chicken breast.  Service is always great. Pancakes are great but I enjoy their french toast more.
5	Enjoyed a delicious, hot breakfast this morning at griddlecakes. Servers are very friendly, attentive to their tables and quick on their feet. Food came out hot and extremely fast, while maintaining it's flavor. Portion sizes are big and I guarantee you will leave happy, and with a full belly. I had the gluten free pancakes while Jordan enjoyed the meatlovers scramble. We both loved our meals. Cannot wait to go back.
5	"Molly's"   ...yes, "Molly's" is what this great restaurant was named for almost 23 years in the same location on the corner of Jones and Cheyenne in Las Vegas, NVMy wife and I have been here many times over the years and I confess I haven't had much in the way of lunch items here. Why you ask? It's because their breakfast entree's are the best you will get anywhere on planet earth! We make a point of coming here for that!This very morning (Sunday 9/7/2014) my wife had the garden skillet and I had my usual "Lumberjack" with 2 eggs, bacon, their unbeatable "home fried taters" along with 2 giant fluffy "melt-in-yer-mouth" pancakes topped with great tasting coffee. Oh man! There's simply no doubt that we had the best breakfast you'll find anywhere...even home cooking does not get better than this. Speaking of "home", this place is very homey feeling. Folks of all ages will be very comfortable here.Griddlecakes' specialty of course is their breakfast selections., I mean with a name like Griddlecakes you can expect that. But their lunch entree's are also exceptional. My pick is the breakfast menu only because I personally prefer breakfast. It's my all-time favorite food choice. My wife actually agrees with me on this one!  So if its the best homemade style breakfast you'll ever want for, this establishment is an absolute must. The prices?....very affordable for all budgets. This is a great place for families too,A new name....same owners.....same great food as always!
5	outstanding food and service! the most genuine employees and a wonderful breakfast! meat lover's scramble and the turkey sausage benedict were exceptional! look forward to coming back.
5	Great food for breakfast with large portions!! Not much seating but we can usually get a table with a short wait. I love the small, intimate quarters, perfect for breakfast with my husband. The waffles are delicious, the pancakes huge. Great selections and combinations of menu choices.  Love this place.
5	Had a breakfast date with the hubby. Once again, this place was amazing! Our server Ivan took our order and everything we ordered was on point. He was helpful and congenial! Food was DEE-LISH!!! Definitely coming back
5	Best breakfast in Las Vegas. Also great GF menu  with pancakes!!!!!
4	It's a small cute little place. Decorations are warm and welcoming. The food is absolutely delicious. They have freshly squeezed orange juice! Their chicken and waffles are to die for! The service is really friendly and attentive. The table in the center are too close together.
5	Just happened to stumble upon this place and I have to say I am glad I did! Food was great and service was fast! I highly recommend Griddle Cakes if you want a great breakfast.
5	Best breakfast place ever, can't beat the skillets w/ biscuits and gravy, French toast. Pancakes, waffles, all delish. Place can get busy, servers try their best, but refills can become scarce.  But staff is always nice.
4	Small but cozy breakfast/lunch eatery. Fast and friendly service. The price is reasonable for a good size portion. Lots of restaurants nearby but I will go again for breakfast. Food is delicious.
3	Pancakes are huge and they offer red velvet, whoot!I had a craving and it needed to be satisfied - unfortunately though I don't really dig chocolate and the red velvet pancakes available here, had a prefix batter with chocolate chips already in them  but the parts of no chocolate I could get with the cream cheese frosting were delish. 2 stack of specialty pancakes were I believe $5.99. I also got a fresh squeeze orange juice - 8oz is small, totally worth it but wish it was chilled but that's a minor thing. I ordered a side of home fries which were pretty much big cubes of potatoes - it was okay but did have some uneven seasoning and most of the seasoning tasted like pepper and that was about it. I might be back but not sure. Waiter was nice though.
4	Had a very pleasant breakfast here. Prices are not bad at all and food was good. :) If I could, I would probably come here for breakfast more often. It is a nice place to have coffee and converse. Staff was very attentive and the manager even came by to check up on us, which I thought was very nice.
5	Come here all the time and I always try to have something else. I have never been disappointed. My only complaint is that they close at 3pm. And I work nights. But always clean, great staff and bomb food!!!!
3	Ordered the red velvet pancakes and they were not good at all, it didn't taste like red velvet and there was some berry syrup on it that gave it a really weird flavor. The rest of the food that my friend and I ordered was good. The waiter was nice and funny, but was maybe understaffed because we didn't see him very much. Overall pretty average.
5	Friendly service, great food (florentine benedict, french toast) and reasonable prices. Will definitely be back!
1	So. The service. Just awful. My mother and I stood at the front door and no one greeted us even though there were three servers working. One group left a table at the front and someone came by to clean it (and still didn't greet us). Then another server came by to talk to the girl cleaning and asked her if we were waiting for that table, she said yes. News to us. When we sat down they immediately asked what we would like to drink, got that right away. Then we had to wait ten minutes while they took everyone else's order that walked in after us. Irritating to say the least. Food came out in an average time but I wanted to ask for some hot sauce but couldn't get it out as the server ran away from us. Eventually someone came by and I asked (after already eating half my food) if we needed anything and she said she would grab it. I never saw it. I did see the check though. Never coming to this place again. Thanks but no thanks.
4	We had a really nice time at griddlecakes. We started our breakfast at around 10:00 am Sunday. It wasn't packed but it was full, which is a good sign! We ordered a half portion of biscuits and gravy with sausage to start and it was really good! We also ordered an omelette and eggs and bacon. My eggs were sunny side up, I wish that restaurants would fry the egg to make it crispy! But it's ok! The bill was about $30 for both of us including drinks. It was yummy and good service!
4	This place is DELICIOUS! The service could use some work, but for how great the food is, I can deal with it. Our server checked on us a few times, but the first time in, it took a while to be acknowledged by the staff. But overall,  their pancakes are to die for. I definitely recommend!
5	Had breakfast here, food was great, well priced, and good service! Loved the eggs benedict.
4	I went on a Friday, just after opening, I was seated overlooking Michigan Ave. I ordered appetizers, all done to perfection! It started to fill for the lunch crowd & I can see why, get there early for good seating.
