4	Looks like another outpost of Jean Phillipe's bakery, the first inside the Bellagio.  Selected 12 pieces of chocolates and truffles:COCONUT chocolate/dark chocolate: like a super fancy Almond Joy.PISTACHIO TRUFFLE: gooey pistachio center.  Yum. 5 Stars. COFFEE (lip stick one): very intense coffee flavor. Boyfriend ordered an iced coffee.  Might as well have been coffee flavored ice water.  Sucked hard.  Wander around a bit more because there are Starbucks all over the place  e.g. Monte Carlo, MGM Grand food court, Mandalay Bay.
3	Whatever, it's good. If you see some elderly individuals approaching the patisserie line, quickly use your physical advantages and do whatever you can to get in that line first. Old people can't decide or make decisions. Come on, all you want is a chocolate muffin. Go get that chocolate muffin.
4	I actually like the new location at Aria. Less crowded, ample seating and there's more than one register. The layout has expanded minus the chocolate fountain.
5	During our stay at the Aria, we had the following at JP:Ham & Cheese Croissant - excellent...best ever.Almond Croissant - ditto...never had better.Roast Beef Sandwich - nothing specialTuna Sandwich - too much mayo, but the baguette was goodCrab Salad - real crab meat, but lacking in flavorChoc Eclair - excellentFruit Tart - excellentChoc Mousse - excellentSo definitely get their pastries.  Also, get their coffees.
3	I clearly messed up by not getting the almond croissant. Next time. But the carrot cake was good, it looked very decadent and had a nice custard going on inside. The brioches were forgetful, both the nutella and dulce de leche (caramel), were just bread injected with a small amount of the above ingredients. It gets crowded and there isn't a lot of order to the process of placing an order. It also takes an exorbitant amount of time for them to grab a pastry and put it on a plate. Still, there is enough variety here to make it a stop for sweets when on the Aria's casino floor.
5	So pretty!!!
5	Definitely a feast of the eyes and taste buds!!! The Aria location is just like nothing you have ever seen. Delicious chocolates, desserts, crepes and paninis... I will come back and try every single one they have... This is what you call love.... xoxo
4	Pro: out of the world gelatoCon: lacks seatingI was thrilled to see Jean Philippe as we were wondering through to see the new place, since this means I won't have to go into Bellagio for gelato (went there anyway, ARIA is connected to Bellagio).Like always, banana and peanut are always a good choice, but to try the cookies and cream!
3	Nohing beats the smell of freshly prepared crepes cept I didn't feel like waiting in line but for my girlfriends sake I should have. Instead we went to the pastry side for paninis and bagels. The prosciutto, fresh mozzarella and tomato on a French roll was fantastic. The aolli was a decent condiment. I would have liked to have tried it untoasted. I think the complexity of the ham and the texture and simpleness of the cheese would have been a great in it's natural form. The bagel on the other hand was raw. Cream cheese and jam on a raw bagel is horrible. It was as if they put it in the mocrowave for 10 seconds.
4	My first taste of Jean Phillippe's excellent chocolates was last year when my neighbor gave me a bar loaded with nuts.  I was happy to see this location at the ARIA.  I love the dark chocolate pistachio truffle and the dark chocolate coconut bar.  Hubby had the fruit tart, which had beautiful pieces of apple and berries and gold leaf on a delicious almond pastry.  As Jackie F. notes, there isn't much in terms of seating, but we just take our goodies to one of the nearby bars.
5	Omigosh, I am such a big fan of their EVERYTHING!!!Granted I probably have to not eat for a couple days to eat their semi-over-priced sandwiches and desserts BUT, they are well worth it. YUMMY!!!And their cake displays are beautiful. I hope to pay possibly over a grad for a little cake one day...haaahaaaa...but, they are seriously, BEAUTIFUL WORKS OF EDIBLE ART!
4	I just found a dark chocolate peanut bar in my handbag...sweet surprise!  The peanut filling was delicious, more salty than sweet, which was the perfect complement to JP's melt-in-your-mouth dark chocolate.  I have been spoiled, and will never be able to touch a regular old Reese's peanut butter cup again.
2	Ok, like really.....$5.00 for a small cafe latte and $5 or so for a nutella muffin. Too bad the stars have no categories because i will give it 5 stars for presentation and image and 2 stars for price and 1.5 stars for taste. The nutella muffin you would think is moist and ooeey gooey. Turns out to be hard, cold, and minimal ooeey gooeines.  Bouchon in Venetian serves better pastries for a "cheaper" price. The latte is watered down, not strong at all.  I was mighty impressed by the silverwares and the uniforms of the servers. They all look like white chocolates to me in the cute hats and aprons. If you want to just OOO and AAA, i say come here!! You will be impressed by the selections. But if looking for good tasting items, i think there are better places.  But then again, Las Vegas is a place where image is everything and not really true substance so I guess JP serves up well. Money is nothing in this city of fun.
4	The one @ the Bellagio is smaller and not as pretty.We came here twice on our 5 day trip to Vegas during CES week. Our first time my friend shared a Blueberry Danish and a Pabana Smoothie.. The danishes are $3.95 and although pricey, it's worth it. There are a ton of blueberries in every bite. The crust is flaky and so buttery. The Pabana Smoothie was pretty good too but really expensive, but they do use a good amount of fruit and sorbet so it's somewhat worth the $9. I shared both with my friend and we were actually pretty full since we didn't have breakfast or lunch. It was just to tie us over because we were going to have a late dinner @ Craftsteak. The next day we grabbed lunch at JP after CES. We got the Berry Smoothie & a Tropical one.. also decided to try the ham and cheese sandwich and one of the chocolate desserts.  They ran out of an ingredient for the Berry Smoothie so it was a bit sour and should've been slightly thicker. The tropical one was okay, but the best smoothie is the Pabana. The ham and cheese sandwich was still warm when I brought all the food/drinks back to my hotel room. I shared the sandwich with my friend; it's a pretty small sandwich to begin with. It was pretty good, but it could've used at least one more slice of ham. It was mostly cheese which was pretty tasty. I don't know which cheese it was, but it had a pretty strong smell. I guess I'm not used to eating cheese. =D Also, the sandwich could've been grilled instead because once it was warmed up, the white bread was pretty soggy. Other than that, it was good. The chocolate dessert, I don't know what it was called but it had a gold leaf on top. I didn't really like it, but it was pretty. I took a small bite and let my friend finish the rest. It wasn't as rich or sweet as I thought it should be. Still this place has delicious pastries. My friend wants to go back and get the Ham & Cheese croissant as well as the chocolate one.
3	My friends took me to the one @ Bellagio this past Christmas. I ordered the chicken crepe (i think it's called Black Forest), the souffle crepe and orangina. Everything on the menu is overpriced, but that's expected since it was in Bellagio. The chicken crepe was delicious, but I had better ones at a small joint (Crepe de Paris) in Irvine. Their souffle crepe was disappointing- I did not taste souffle and and there were barely any fillings- I had to shell out an extra $6 (almost paying for another half of the crepe) for more toppings. The setup of the place was like a fast food joint. Service was poor- the cashier rushed me to give her my orders. Hey, I've been to McDonalds and never once did a cashier told me to hurry up. The crepe makers were just a bunch of 20 some year olds slapping on ready made stuff from the fridge in the crepe. Honestly, Jean Philippe, if you are going to charge me $22 bucks for a crepe, you better get your booty in the kitchen or have a legit chef make me that "awesome" crepe ,and it better taste better than that delicious unforgettable $9 crepe I had at Crepe de Paris in Irvine. I don't think I'll want to spend $40 on 2 crepes there again- a one time experience was good enough
4	5 stars for food, 3 stars for service.  The cafeteria style detracts from an otherwise great experience.  Chocolate croissants are to die for - flaky, buttery, and just enough chocolate.  Espresso is great - Had double espressos ($4.50 each) twice.  Lunch - Ahi Tuna salads could not be finished by my ladies - $12 each  They gave me a taste of the Ahi - perfect.  Salad had crisp fresh greens and lots of tuna and greens..  Prosciutto sandwich ($10.50) was easily finished by me, but very tasty.  They have numerous salads and sandwiches to choose from - smoked salmon, and ham come to mind. To the left of the food line are their chocolates, gelato and crepes.  Open 6:00 AM to 12 midnight.   Warning on service: when they get busy, they may screw up your order.  Make sure they write order down correctly - yes, they use a pad and paper as of this writing.  Iced tea is $4.00, but we didn't get them because the server though it was "iced water" even though they charged us for iced tea.  This was of course at the busiest time of day, so after a little back and forth I gave up and came back later to the manager, who immediately refunded our money and apologized profusely.  I would gladly pay more for a sit down version of this restaurant to eat the fabulous food.  Their unbelievable desserts decorate the serving and eating area.  Check out the kiosk in the dessert section - you can see a tremendous number of pictures of their cakes etc.  Worth a look.
5	Saw this place as my mom and I were checking out the hotel this past weekend as we were guests this past weekend...  The first time we walked past here, I spotted the Passion Mango Sorbet, and told my mom I have to get that, simply cuz it sounded really good.  But after the buffet dinner upstairs, I was too full to get any.  But the second night I made it a point to get some...  Got 2 scoops of this wonderfull tasty treat...  Gave one scoop to my mom and I ate one, and the only problem was I wished I had more...  I hated to see the bottom of my cup, which meant I had no more...   I'm definitely gonna try another flavor on my next visit back here to Sin City...
4	u must see this shop for their awesome displays when u are in las vegas!!i bought a box of chocolate here.  the packaging was exquisite, but the chocolates were quite disappointing.  the flavoring seems genuine, but there is quite a bit of artificial coloring and the taste was not outstanding...  and EWWW!!!! there were dust on the chocolates, which is not only gross, but it makes me wonder how long the chocolates have been sitting there!!!!
3	now the first thing that caught my eye were the metal tins full of gelato. my friend ana and i hurried over here, weaving in through a sea of people in the casino. i tasted the papaya something or other flavored one, and opted for my defaults: pistachio and cappuccino (any coffee flavor would have done). the gelato was nothing amazing, but it was tasty. a perfect midnight snack as we were strolling through this new spot in vegas. i'd say that 5.something is a bit expensive for two scoops, but that is what i should expect for some jean philippe, one of the best pastry chefs in the world. i will say though that the displays throughout the rest of their joint were nice to look at.
5	Overall the best pastries you'll find in one place.Gelatos are awesome, as well as the sandwiches. Although, I didn't get to try all the desserts, I'd say most of them are as good as they look. Eat them fresh, as they were meant to be eaten, don't let them sit too long.
4	I took a bite of the caramel with sea salt, and the world slowed down.Vegas crowds zoomed by, lights flashed, slot machines chimed, but I was in the center of a slow motion vortex that just held me and the flavors in my mouth.
4	Jean Phillipe Patisserie is a bit over-priced and the service needs some work (the servers were nice but not particularly efficient...)... however, they have really delicious offerings!On our first night at the Aria, we needed a snack when we arrived since we knew we'd be going to dinner way later. I chose the ham and cheese croissant ($7.50) sandwich and it was SO good! It was decadent, rich, and a little piece of heaven really! All of the sweets look pretty heavenly too but we were really looking for something savory.Later in the weekend, we came back for coffee. The coffee was really good though my cafe au lait could have used a bit more of the "au lait" (aka milk). The seating area is super cute and everyone seemed to be really enjoying their food and beverages!
5	I visited 4 patisseries (Jean Philippe, Amore, Bouchon and Payard) during my 4 day visit to Las Vegas and this one beat them all.  I tried 4 pastries and they were all wonderful:  The Carrot Cake (moist cake surrounded by a centimeter of coconut buttercream frosting, trimmed with white chocolate), Mille Feuille (perfect vanilla custard with puff pastry, topped with fresh raspberries), The Raspberry Macaron (Large parisian macaron filled with fresh raspberries and a custard with a hint of lavender--this one was a favorite) and finally the slice of flan (no, that's not the flan from Mexican restaurants, but rather perfect vanilla custard baked with a buttery crust--yum).  I also visited the Jean Philippe in the Bellagio.  They had the same pastries, but the presentation was not as attractive as the Aria's one.  The Aria's Jean Philippe makes you feel like a kid in a candy store.  My recommendation:  Buy one of everything and share with your companions so you can get a wonderful tour of their pastries!
4	Met NC for coffee at Jean Philippe, which was a good since it was easy to find.  Being right next to the guest elevators, the ambiance was such that you can do some people watching or just enjoy the conversation.  Not too loud, not too quiet - perfect for coffee and catching up.  Had the raspberry macaroon, some pastry topped with a mound of raspberries, and a coffee latte - about $6 each.  The macaroon was dope.  Perfect texture, crunchy cookie with a chewy center filled with raspberries and a lavender flavored cream.  The raspberry pastry thing was nothing special and I'm not a coffee snob - just needed the caffeine.  All in all, pretty tasty but kinda pricy.  Ohh well, that's what you get for the area or should I say Aria?
5	My family had a great experience here--surprised on the previous review! Yes, it's pricey, but would splurge again for the croissants!!! The last trip we came they had been sold out, this time we arrived on a weekday and were able to try them. They were PERFECTION! The outside was flaky with a bit of crunch because of the light (very light-just enough) glaze, so it crunched when you bit it, the inside was soft and melted in your mouth--OMG!! And I had this Rose flavored macaroon--it was absolutely exquisite! It had the most delicate taste of rose, the almond inside was soft in the middle, crunchy meringue outside..WOW. The nutella crepe wasn't oozing with too much nutella, just enough..We've had those nutella brioches, honestly, they aren't that good, but the plain one is..It's definitely worth going to--it is pricey & there usually is a wait, but we think it's worth it! Get the croissants!
5	The service is almost non-existence, the servers are slow and inefficient, and everything is hella expensive but OMG the croissants were huge and delicious. There was a light glaze of sweetness on the outside and the inner layers were warm and buttery. Now as for the chocolates, $2 for a tiny square? I kinda think it was worth it, at least, for the 5 that I picked out anyways. 5 stars for the croissants. Haven't tried much of anything else that I was worth paying the extra dollars for.
4	Everything in the display case looked so good! Too bad we only ordered one thing, Key Lime Pie - $6, and it was heavenly!!! The crust, the key lime part, everything was perfect, not too sweet, and not too limey, just perfect!
4	I'm not sure what I love more - the food or the ambiance. Jean Phillipe is such a fun place to visit just to look around; they even boast the world's largest chocolate fountain. My favorite thing to eat is the banana foster crepe.  Trying to find seating in the cafe is nearly impossible so just grab your food, make a left and grab a seat near the window overlooking the pool area.
3	This place shines as you walk by it--- it really draws you in to look around........ which I did many times since it is right by the room elevators if you are staying at Aria. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=63slVQOL5QhG90dGRqb-PQThe pastries look and taste incredible. Their gelato was some of the best ever. The Cheesecake flavor was so incredible I still don't believe it was gelato. Price wasn't too bad. $5.00 for two good sized scoops. Gelato = 5 star Also tried a panini sandwich which was totally average. 3 star. I probably would give this place a 4 star rating, but when I got home from my trip i noticed that one of my credit card charges which was $5.13 for some gelato was put thru for $8.13. I called my bank and was told they had added a $3 tip to my credit card slip. NOT VERY NICE JEAN PHILIPPE!
4	This is probably, by far, the best feature Aria has had. This is also right next to the guest elevators, why HELLO THERE! I don't know too much of their candy and pastries, and although this place does not boast the awe-inspiring chocolate fountains like the one in Bellagio does, it certainly has a large lounge area with interesting and bizarre but very attractive designs and architecture inlays. I need not speak more for their crepes but they're so. good. I can't stress this enough. Yes you're probably over paying by a few bucks but you probably shouldn't have this all the time anyway for your cholesterol sake and ... it's Vegas!Delicious crepes, friendly staffers, lots of room to chill. Perfect in the vastly improvement needed Aria.
5	A bit overpriced for a crepe but worth the $.  Doesn't look like much at first but filling nonetheless.  The bananas foster crepe was not too sweet as most dessert crepes I've had.  A great place if you are into crepes and need a quick bite in Aria.
5	An outstanding experience. I am not sure about the comments about the servers. On all of our visits here they were extremely friendly. The croissants are the best ever. We had a turkey croissant sandwich and it was amazing. Contrary to some Yelp comments, the sandwiches are quite good here. The truffles are also extraordinary. Today I tried the apple strudel and it was perfect in every respect: the crust was flaky, the apples perfectly cooked, and the cinnamon was just right.
3	The Matisse of chocolate, Pastry Chef Jean Phillippe Maury has a new gallery for his edible works of art  at the Aria. Aesthetic enthusiasts will give high marks for the chocolate artworks and very pretty cakes; but foodies will find its cafe offerings (e.g. crepes) less than meeting expectations.
1	I am a new yelper. Even though I use yelp often, I never get any motivation to post any review (sorry). Tonight I just got one. Since this is my first time, I will try to make this objective and useful to other yelpers.We have been to the Jean Phillipe in Bellagio and Aria. The chocolate is great, so the bad experience is really from the service we had in the new Jean Phillipe in Aria.This is a true story happened tonight (4/7/10). My kid bought a pack of white chocolate. She did not check the ingredients which has peanuts in there. Like many kids, my kid is allergic to it. The chocolate is in its original package and is not opened. So I thought it would be trivial just to stop by and exchange a different one without peanuts. And it turned out I was so wrong. My wife asked the cashier if she can exchange for another one. He asked her for a receipt. But they did not give us any receipt to begin with because we paid for it at the cafe side. So of course we have no receipt. Then the cashier said the chocolate is "broken" because the chocolate looks like it had been pressed. My wife went to the shelf and it turned out every pack of the white chocolate look like that. My wife asked the cashier to call the manager. He called the manager. The manager told the cashier on the phone that she would not come out to see my wife, and that the chocolate was "broken". They would not exchange it and there was nothing that they could do. My wife gave the chocolate back to the cashier and walked out. I was waiting for my wife outside the store. When she came out, I could not believe that they would not exchange just a piece of chocolate and that their manager would not even want to see my wife. I mean even Target could do a thousand times better than that. So I went inside with my wife and requested to see the manager. This time after about 10 minutes, a lady manager came out. She seemed annoyed when she came out. My wife was upset because of the way she was treated. Instead of being understanding and pacify her, the manager said she would call the security. To be honest my wife was indeed raising her voice but she was not yelling or using any foul language or being insulting. I thought the first rule of handling customer complaint is to be understanding and let the customers vent out their frustration first. Apparently I was wrong. The lady  manager kept saying she was going to call security. When my wife showed her that all their white chocolate look the same as the one we tried to return, she ignored that. At the end she let us picked a different chocolate. Boy, I never worked so hard for a piece of chocolate, and almost got escorted out because of that.In summary in spite of its amazing decor, expect the worst customer service. The chocolate is good. Check the ingredients though, many of them have peanuts, so no-no for many parents. If you want to exchange something or work out any issue, save the grief. They don't care, probably because they have so much business already. Forget about birthday and wedding cakes, their customer services will not back up their products. So pretty outside, completely rotten inside.
4	Pastries were awesome... decor are superb... but very pricey!The nutella brioche, bear claw and almond croissant are out of this world! My daughter opted for the salty pastries and tried their ham and cheese croissant and she loved it so much that we had to come back the following day. We also tried the chocolate croissant and some other pastries, everything tasted delicious here! We spent $45 the first time we had breakfast here just on pastries; and spent $32 the second time.On our last day, we came back to the candy/chocolate section to get some "souvenirs." They are all very pleasing to the eye. The sales ladies are not very helpful at all. I asked two different sales ladies to give me some recommendations and both said "everything is good." Maybe that's the truth, but I can't buy everything!!! Anyway, we got some 3 chocolate bars, 3 box gift sets and 3 other chocolate/candy the total comes to $170!!!Finally had my first bite of the dark chocolate bar.. it was so smooth... loved it! and I'm not even a chocolate person!!!
4	Wow!  Everything on display here is soo gorgeous and yummy!  The buds and I walked up and down that line for a very long time to decide on what we wanted.  The brioche is soo delicous.  Coming here would be one of the few  reasons to return to Aria.
4	You can't walk by Jean Philippe and not get drawn in by the gorgeous display of pastries. While this location may not have the world's largest chocolate fountain like at the Bellagio, I kinda like it better because it's less crowded - which means a shorter wait and they're less likely to be sold out of anything! Plus, the menu and selections at both locations are identical.During our last day in Vegas, my friends and I decided to get some pastries at JP. We went to the original location at the Bellagio first and I got a bunch of pastries there. However, they were out of croissants! Fortunately, when we went to check out Aria I saw that this location still had plenty. While my friends went to gamble, I went to get (more) pastries. Hey, you risk losing when you gamble; with pastries, you always win!I totally got suckered by the irresistible displays and ended up buying a lot more pastries than I could finish, even with the help of my friends. (Food seems to have some type of mystical power over me.) I got a palmier, apple brioche, croissant (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5bmpGbzPd-gfcUl6o5j7FQ&select=2KjxGRE16UT4LSBsq5lSsA), apple turnover, nutella brioche, and almond brioche (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5bmpGbzPd-gfcUl6o5j7FQ&select=_5qyR-nH5KbGQOnvAYxuNg). They were on the pricey side - I'd never spent so much money on pastries! All were delicious, but my favourites were the apple turnover and almond brioche. We didn't finish it all so I took the leftovers to go in a box, which I carried around with me all day long. Unfortunately, I left the box in the cab to the airport. Epic FAIL on my part :( I got really pouty and my friend said she'd never seen me look so sad...
5	Yum, yum everything I tasted from here was worth every penny.  The chocolates and the gelato (tried peanut brittle and chocolate) are simply to die for.  And I am pretty picky, we have some of the best places in San Francisco.  But I was quite pleased with the unusual flavor choices.  It is a bit pricey but if it is good quality I don't regret spending the money.  Definitely made the Las Vegas experience even more enjoyable.
4	So good... all the desserts looked yummy.. but I met my best friend here for our last day in Vegas to treat her for a bday breakfast... and she says the tuna sandwich is amazing (she got one to go for her boyfriend) and I tried the chicken aoili panini. I thought it was pretty good. I don't know how they justify charging me $4 for an iced tea, but you know whatever.
4	For my girlfriend's birthday, she forced me to drag her around the Strip, including to the newly-constructed City Center. I thought it was going to be a long, tedious day - and in a lot of ways it was. But, some good came of it - I discovered this place.I'll be honest, I didn't get to explore this place as much as I would have liked to or get to try as many things as I would have liked to. But Jean Philippe was easily the highlight of the City Center adventure my girlfriend went on.The place is essentially split into several sections - a gelato area, an area that sells individual chocolate squares, an area that sells some packaged goods, and an area selling deli-type food items and other desserts, including eclairs. The place is fairly large, and even has a small dining area set aside. As soon as we entered the area that houses Jean Philippe and began looking at the types of gelato, the woman working was very friendly and even let us sample several types (some places I have been to tend to be stingy about this, so finding a place like this, in City Center of all places, was a breath of fresh air.) I ended up getting a cup of the Oreo flavor, which was just as good as it sounds. The place has an excellent selection of gelato, food items, chocolate squares, and everything in between. High prices ($2 per individual chocolate square) and the fact that you have to go through the trouble of going through City Center to get here are my only real complaints. If you end up in City Center, whether willingly or not, pay this place a visit (they also have them in a few other hotel/casinos in the area as well.) It will easily be the sweetest part of your Strip adventure - pun most definitely intended.
5	For someone that isn't huge on dessert, I went totally berserk in here. I was already impressed by the Aria, and once I rounded the corner and JPP was in sight.. I was in heaven. The entire section is a feast for the eyes. I could pretty much stand there all day and watch the folks making those beautiful crepes. We tried the chocolate crepes, but everything else on the menu looked great also. My friend, who took us there, couldn't stop raving about the coconut macaroons. And anything on display with Nutella on it got a thumbs up from the rest of us. Sure, its pricey, but what the heck.
4	In the last few years I've developed a serious knack for specialty desserts, especially pastries like those from Jean Philippe Patisserie.This location is much bigger than it's Bellagio counterpart, sans Giant Chocolate Fountain.  But plenty of tables to sit down and enjoy your sweet treat.My suggestion with their desserts is if you see what you like, GET IT RIGHT AWAY!!!  It's pretty much while supplies last on a daily basis there. Once it's gone, they won't make it again till the next day.  I tried to get their pretty cheesecake after my dinner one day, but they already sold out of it.  So I settled with the Strawberry and Lime Tutti Fruiti.  It was delicioso!!4 Stars!
5	**4.5 stars**I visited Jean Philippe in the Aria hotel for the crepe and desert.  I am sure I would appreciate all the food and dessert here IF i didn't stuff my face prior to visiting this place.  I ordered the Ham Crepe and it was a my first time eating a crepe.  It was a positive experience, but it's something I could do without.  Glad I gave it a shot though.  Maybe I am not a Crepe type of guy.  I'll try a dessert crepe next time.  You can see how the crepes are made in front of you.  It is quite a delicate process.  I also tried the white chocolate cheesecake and that was amazingly good.  The cheesecake has a smooth texture to it and will melt in your mouth.  Eyes will roll all the way back when people eat this.  It was covered with a thin sheet of white chocolate.  Presentation is superb.  I would go back just for the desserts.  The restaurant is set up in two sections.  One area is serves gelato and crepes, the other half serves desserts, sandwiches, and coffee / beverages.  The location has a very modern look / design to it and is very appealing.  The glass case showcases all the desserts they have to offer and it just makes you want to order 1 of everything.  I was very tempted to do it too.  I swear every dessert were chanting my name.  The prices are bit higher than what I normally would pay, but hey its Vegas, you win big and spend big.  To give you an idea of the prices, a large cup of soda is $4 (~ 32 OZ).  Check this place out for great desserts.  Do not go if you are on a diet because just looking at the desserts will be considered cheating!  This sin is perfect for city.Bon Apettit!
5	Okay so I have seen Jean Philippe on TV with Anthony Bourdain had to check this place out. It is beautiful inside, so many colors and textures of tarts, pastries, gelato, chocolate sculptures, crepes, crisp salads. We purchased some pastries, we had the chocolate croissant it was fabulous, brioche was dry wasn't crazy about that.....and then came the best STICKY BUN! oh my goodness best damm sticky bun I have ever had. I would walk again another 10 miles in my stilettos for a Jean Philippe sticky absolutely divine!
5	I am not a big dessert guy, but this place was fantastic!  I stopped here several times for coffee to start my day, a couple of times for Ice Cream, once for a Banana's Foster Crepe and once for a Key Lime Tart.  Everything was wonderful!   The lines were a little annoying, but I guess that is just a sign of a popular place.  They are wheelchair accessible in a very cool way. The ramp to access the dining area is integrated into the design so it isn't even noticeable!
5	I just returned from staying at the Aria Hotel in Vegas and what a experience it was browsing through the Jean Phillippe Patisserie.  The man is brilliant.  I just couldn't believe the array of desserts, chocolates and fascinating cakes. Boy would I love to be in this guys mind when he creates these exotic treats. Not only desserts, but delicious sandwiches and different salads.  My boyfriend and I shared a chicken ceasar salad and it  was so delicious.  Generous portions of chicken and just very tasty.  I did try a chocolate mousse with marshmallows on top and a hint of banana.  I would have bought the chocolate eclair, but I knew once I started I would not stop.  I bought my all time favorite which was the coconut macaroons and devoured 3 and saved one for my boyfriend.  It was just too much, Willy Wonka probably couldn't keep up with all the deliciouus chocolates and goodies.  I am coming back for sure, but very disappointed that the website does not seem to be working.  I was looking forward to browsing, but it is not working at this time.
4	We came here for a design convention and had to check out what the Aria was all about. Blown away by the ambiance of this little dessert place. They had gelato, pastries, crepes and anything that can cure a sweet tooth. I shared a nutella crepe and had them add strawberries for $2!!! A crepe for $15, better be amazing and it was!!! The crepe was drizzled with nutella and on top they put powdered sugar and chocolate shavings with whipped cream. Can we say pure gluttony.
5	Fantastic Carrot cheese cake!!!Since Amore' Patisseries is closed today, we came to JP for breakfast. An order of a prociutto panini, a butter croissant, a carrot cheese cake and a opera cake.One happy camper!!!=)
4	This place was the highlight of my visit to Aria Hotel...Yes, it was pretty as well as pretty overwhelming - there's just so much to look at and choose from -  but I think they should have made a larger more roomy seating area. Everyone was packed in there like sardines!!!I know that this place is fancy and on the strip but I don't think that's an excuse to overcharge...Other than that the pastries I tried were all yummy:=Key Lime -  Lime Mousse filled with pieces of Mango(Love Mango) on a sugar cookie crust...=Blueberry Cheese- Blueberries and cheese baked together surrounded by a sweet brioche=Almond Madeline- Almond flavored Madeline (soft cookie)=Nutella Brioche- Sweet Brioche bread filled with Nutella=Cookies & Cream Gelato - I think that sums it up..Yes, this is a yummy place!!!
5	I'm a sucker for sweets! I was salivating over all their goodies. Everything from the ham and cheese croissant to the Nutella Brioche to the Blueberry Muffins were so tasty. It is definitely a work of art. Not only did they look good but they were delicious!It's definitely on the pricey side but it was worth it. My sweet tooth cravings were satisfied. I am pretty sure I will be here each time I stay at Aria haha!
4	I swear, every time I'm at Aria; that's my excuse to eat here! They have new sandwiches and salads; and now have paninis =)I say the best bang for your buck is to go with the trio of sandwiches -- ham, veg, and tuna -- for $10.50. And other sandwiches are around that price and you only get one. Might as well, get to samps a lil bit more than one for the price you pay. The veg sandwich was my fave...they had brie as the cheese :)
5	For Vegas, this is a great cafe to grab a snack or dessert. I hate wasting time in Vegas trying to find a place to eat for a decent price, and I especially hate it when I have to leave the hotel for a quick bite. But not here!!When I stayed at Aria, I came here all weekend to grab a bite to eat. They have really great pastries (the almond brioche is pretty amazing...) and their spicy chicken panini is pretty damn good. (It's not spicy, FYI...just delicious.) I also tried the cobb salad (not bad for pre-made salad) and coffee. All was great. It wasn't overly priced (I could spend just as much at a Panda Express **wink wink**...which some of my other friends did--they thought it was going to be much cheaper. But after a 20 min walk in the heat and the $10 price tag for 1 plate, I would have def rather spent my time & money at Jean Philippe!!)Don't expect to get a huge meal or a full stomach...but expect to be satisfied!! I'll def be back next time I stay at Aria...
4	They have really beautiful pastries.  I've only had one, the tirasmisu, and it was delicious, though too small!  The best part were the tiny sugared marshmallows that were sprinkled on the tiramisu.  The cookie that came with it was also good.  I've also had their caviar cocoa nibs, which are tiny chocolate covered nibs - excellent - and some hard molasses looking candy w/ nuts (just eh, esp for $16).  For the most part, everything I've had is good but the price is a bit too steep for me to partake in often.  Good thing I only go to Vegas a couple times a year!
4	Wow this place is great! So many fabulous desserts to choose from! I ordered the sugar free chocolate napoleon and it was so good! We also had the apple turnover which was like a almond croissant but filled with apples and it was sure delicious! Lots of fine chocolates to choose from and there's always a line.
4	What a find - amazing desserts and sweet treats AND open 24 hours a day.  If you are craving something more meal like (especially at 2am) the arancinis are a MUST.  Otherwise, my favorites are the wide selection of Italian cookies, where I can choose just a handful of each kind and make my own variety box.Service is friendly and helpful, and prices are reasonable.
4	6/12/10 with my GFBreakfast:: My GF:Blueberry Borodin $4Hot cocoMe:Breakfast Panini $9.50Coffee Total:$25Pro: full complete breakfast in one place. Con: long line need to wake up early.
3	Pricey, but decent. A good place for a quick stop to refresh after soaking in second hand smoke and sunscreen. I had a quiche (okay, but kinda soggy) and a fresh squeezed orange juice. The cafe/store is really cool though, they had a few giant chocolate flowers in a display case and all sorts of cool things to look at/buy/drool at.
4	This is perhaps one of the best gelato places I have ever been to. It was everything gelato should be at an extremely reasonable price. You get two big scoops for gelato for $5 and it was extremely creamy and rich, not ice crystals at all which is in essence what gelato is. They let you try the flavors before you decide which to purchase so essentially you can never go wrong with the flavors you pick. I got the cheesecake gelato and I was pleasantly surprised that it had large chunks of cheesecake hidden in the middle. I also got the coconut gelato and it was divine. It was encrusted with chucks of real coconut so in every bite you get some creamy gelato with some chunky coconut, the perfect balance for me. I would go again and again and I would recommend it to everyone.
4	We checked out the Aria hotel and Crystal mall at City Center and we ran across this this dessert pastry joint. We tried the mango and berry sorbet. I found the sorbet to be quite good and they are generous when it comes to sampling different flavors. Prices here are very fair here - two scoops for around five bucks and the quality is well worth it. They also have a large variety of pastries and crepes. I definitely would return here for my sweet tooth fix.
4	I came here for an afternoon snack with my bf. We got a nutella crepe to go. SO good! We got an extra scoop of gelato on top, which complemented the crepe very well. The only gripe I have is that it's a bit pricey for what you get, but it's Vegas, so that's not totally unexpected.-L.
4	I think this is the one Aria.  There's another one in Bellagio next door.Had the prosciutto sandwich, their breakfast sandwich, and some chocolate dessert (forgot what it was but just ask the servers what they recommend and they will give you that).  All were very delicious.  Great eat inside Aria.  Kinda pricey for the food, but hey, its Vegas.
3	I don't know why this is so famousDesign is pretty but taste is nothing special
4	I went to McCarran Airport today to get some photos of Air Force One parked on the tarmac.  After the photo shoot, I visited Jean Philippe for the second time at its Aria location.  I like this better than the Bellagio because there are more tables to enjoy your choice du jour.  I got a Forest crepe.  It's a whole wheat crepe with an egg that's broken and spread on the heating crepe.  Then swiss cheese, ham, and mushrooms are added.  The crepe is folded and heated thoroughly so the cheese melts.I sat at the one of the seats facing the casino and people watched.  It's great fun to live in this wonderful city and treat yourself like this.  I love JP and I will be returning if only for some gelato.
5	I had a serious foodgasm when I had a piece of the Nutella Mille-feuille. The layers of puff pastry and nutella/cream goodness was mind numbing. Wow... Thanks to the server for recommending this since it was waaay to hard to choose between all the tempting treats on display.Everything here looks - and I'm sure tastes - ridiculously good! I wish my bf and I weren't so full from brunch so we could try more but there's always next time.Also, there are tons of food eye candy at JPP.  The cakes on display looked like they came straight out from those cake challenges in the Foodnet Work.  I wanted to take a mini wedding cake home to my sister for her anniversary but I didn't think it would survive the crazy Vegas heat.
4	Now my experience with JPP at the Bellagio was not too pleasant because of the circular clusterfuck layout. I was none too sure about going to the Aria's JP. Whew, this one is a long counter (thank God) and a bit more easier to navigate even though there were still cutters confused on where the ordering line starts. It's a beautiful counter with so many choices, counters and shelves full of treats. I had to look at everything carefully to decide and it took quite a while to narrow it down. I got the Rose Macaroon with raspberries and creme inside.This was pretty good, raspberries fresh, creme was light yet creamy and the macaroon is the right amount of flavor, subtle crunch and chewiness. You'd be surprised at how often I am let down with a french macaroon shell not being the right consistency (Payard was very disappointing). If only they just made plain cookie variations and not just the rose pastry I would be totally sold. Downed it with some nice fresh ice tea. I was with some of my Yelpies and I took a taste of Trina T.'s Dulce De Leche Brioche and some chocolate covered cookie sticks she had. Dude, that is a lot of dulce, but it was pretty good and the cookie sticks are simple flavors, but executed nicely. I think I'll have to be back again to try more pastries. Some of the prepped sandwiches and salads look pretty good too. My faith has been restored that Philippe's deserves some kudos for well made treats.
5	I didn't know they had one in the Aria hotel. I was actually on my way to have breakfast at the Silk Road in the Vdara, but stopped when I saw the array of pastries and the crepes being served.I got the exotic crepe - mango and passionfruit sauce with coconut sorbet - for breakfast and stopped for a nutella brioche to take home. Everything looked so good and as I expected, everything was delicious.They were quick, clean, fancy, and the dining area was gorgeous and modern. I was surprised by its affordability.
4	I really do wish I tried one of their phenomenal looking desserts, but I couldn't quite justify paying $6+ for their small, but beautifully designed, desserts.  But still I'm rather saddened I didn't get to try something...  =[However, I did dine here for lunch on two separate occasions. $10 for a designer sandwich is justifiable in my book and all of the sandwiches were satisfying.Roast Beef Sandwich - Fat stack of soft, rare slices of roast beef.  My favorite of the four sandwiches I tried. It was served in a challah bread that was the best challah bread I've had to date: soft, moist, and not overly egg-y.Turkey Croissant - The croissant was extremely flakey, so that was a plus. The turkey was good, but there was not enough cranberry sauce (not that it needed it). Prosciutto Panini - Tasted good but ultra buttery. My hands were covered in butter from holding the sandwich and a pool of butter collected beneath my hands as well.  Smoked Salmon Sandwich - It was like eating lox and bagels but on a roll instead. Nothing more, nothing less. This is a good stop for people on the go and in need of a quick meal before they head off to their next destination. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends!
5	One of the best things about staying in the Aria was waking up in the morning, padding downstairs in my pajamas to get some pastries, and eating them back up in my room.I love the nutella brioche, perfect with the ice cold milk that you can order. I actually enjoyed the milk so much that I ordered some and sipped it while I walked around the casino portion of the hotel. Got eyed by some security personnel who probably thought I was a kid, but whatever.. they're missing out on milk and pastries!The cheesecake compote practically melts in your mouth. That was ~$6. The prices aren't tooo bad, ~$3 per pastry? Got the exotic crepe the first day too. Pretty awesome, just wish that one didn't cost $10. Hey, it's Vegas. You're going to lose money anyhow. Why not do it by satisfying your sweet tooth?
3	This place is BEAUTIFUL.  We went here and had pastries and desserts and chocolates and ice cream.  We went here about three times.  Each time, the staff man-handles the product, thowing them in containers and bags, ruining the presentation of the pastries... scraping off the tops of the pastries... I'm sure Mr Jean would frown on this.  Uh yeah... its tasty but you're paying for presentation and art.  Don't just throw my pastry in a bag. Don't just scrape my chocolates taking off all the sea salts from my caramels.  UGH.  Yeah, i'll stick to the Bellagio location.
4	I was so jealous that I was not staying at the Aria when I saw this place as I walked through the hotel lobby.  I was so enthralled with the displays of chocolates, treats and the huge glass display of pastries and other delights that I had to stop by.  Even though I didn't purchase any breakfast pastries or muffins, I just know they were probably the best around.  The size of the blueberry breakfast tart with cascading berries put anything to shame that I ate at the Wynn's 24-hour coffee shop.Since we were there at mid-day we purchased some chocolate and toffee covered bread sticks and coffee.  At first I was skeptical thinking that break sticks would not be as good as chocolate covered pretzels, however, I was proven wrong.  Those treats were so good that I rationed them the entire trip and was seen eating them on the airplane ride back home - I even managed to save 1 for my sister back home, which was a feat of willpower.  The coffee was divine and I was able to bring Jean Philippe's signature blend home in whole roasted bean form.  I will definitely be going back there again just to visit this patisserie next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This place was AWESOME.  What I was expecting - Overpriced desserts and overpriced bakery items with a very mediocre taste.What we got - DELICIOUS and HUGE desserts, yes a little pricey, but based on how large they were, it was worth it.The croissant was UNBELIEVABLE.  I may just be a high end croissant newb, but this was by far the best croissant I've ever had.  The crust was super crispy and flaky, with a light glaze over the top and the inside was pure fluff.  If you like grocery store croissants now, then this will ruin you forever.  I've had croissants at "fancy" bakeries before, but this was soo good it deserves its own paragraph in my short review.As you read this on your phone deciding whether or not to try it, DON'T think, just GO TRY IT NOW!
3	Came here one night just before they closed, and while I should know better than to order food from a Patisserie, I ordered food anyway.  I got a Cobb Salad, that was pre-made, and had probably been sitting there for hours.  It only came with Blue Cheese Dressing, and while that normally isnt a problem, there was already a ton of blue cheese on the salad itself, and I felt like it was a blue cheese overload.  My friend ordered the Roast Beef sandwich, which had also probably been sitting there for hours, but he seemed to enjoy it.  Either that or he was just SUPER hungry.After our food, we decided to try some crepes.  We ordered a savory crepe with chicken and mushrooms, that was just so-so. The crepe was good, but the chicken and mushroom was more liquid than anything, and the flavor was just so-so.  We also ordered a bananas fosters crepe, that was also just mediocre.  Again the crepe itself was good, but there was only a small serving of bananas fosters on top.  The bananas were inconsistent, some were hard and others were too mushy.  The flavor was just so-so.  While I probably could not make a crepe as good as the one from here, I could definitely make better bananas fosters. I'm not writing this place off completely, as I would probably come back to try something that they are better known for.
2	This review is based on lunch we had here.Before heading out to the pool, we wanted to grab a quick bite. An employee suggested we could eat here.Everything you can order is laid out on display behind the glass.Some of us ordered salads. When we asked for more dressing, they said salad comes pre-made so they couldn't provide it for us. Uhhh.... What????Some of us ordered the croissant/panini sandwiches, they were ok at best; the bread kinda cuts up the the inside of ur mouth.The service was horrible. You wait in line and you order, and you pick up ur order when it's ready. But the workers were so indifferent that I thought I was at the DMV for a moment. It took forever to get their attention when I asked for the coffee & water that they forgot to provide. One of the workers literally glanced at us a couple times & just looked away when we called for her attention.Now that I'm on here I realize that this place is more known for their desserts, and they did look yummy. Maybe I'll come here & deal with the bad service to try out their dessert stuff next time.
5	We came in to grab a small treat for the BFs mom and grandma. It was their birthday and we had plans in the evening so we wanted to drop something off before heading to the Elite event. I tried a bite of their desserts because I'm an Indian giver like that. Mom in law has been on the search for almond croissants. It was very good, the croissant consistency is the best she's ever had she claims, but unfortunately not what she wanted. She's looking for ones with almond paste in it, this has a paste that is lighter, eggy. It was delicious, but I guess what she is trying to describe to us is probably Dutch/Swedish/German since they use the heavy paste. Never the less, I want more of this. We also go some Blueberry Danish for grandma and it was very lovely crust and the blueberry filling was abundant but the right balance, not too sweet. They shared a raspberry tart with pistachio cream on a buttery biscuit bottom and a nutella pastry. I like the tart- its the 2nd time I've had it and though its not my favorite tart in the world, this is not your usual kind of tart. I like that its not a usual pie pastry crust but buttery, cookie like goodness at the bottom. The nutella one is a must do! It was not too much nutella or a powerful chocolate flavor, it had such a beautiful balance and the mouthfeel with the smooth mousse, the chocolate "wafers" on top and a crispy bottom was wonderful. One of the best chocolate hazelnut confections I've had and I am VERY fond of that flavor combo. I was fuming that I didn't get another for my fatass to eat and not share. I bumped it to 5 stars because the service at this location is very good.Here the people were pleasant, asking if they can help, they were quick to keep the line going. It's sad that for a long time, I would not step into Jean Philippe because of our experience at the Bellagio one.  Bellagio was confusing, the service when we went was a clusterfuck and one lady wasn't very nice either- very curt. This location has restored this place for me as a solid place to come and get a quality treat. Sure for some it might be deemed "pricey", but to me any kind of sweet meltdown will be money I'm happy to spend  and feel alright about going all the way down to the strip for.
3	Being a sugar fiend, this place IMMEDIATELY caught my eye with their cakes and pastries on display.  Came her a few times for coffee and pastries and the service was always SLOW.  Once, I ordered a pre-made ham and cheese sandwich (which was much more delicious than it looked), and it took 10 minutes for them to get it to me.  WTH.  The coffee and pastries are good, but just expect to wait!
5	Rose Macarons with raspberries and rose custards has made it onto my list of favorite deserts. With the rose cookie melting on your tongue combined with the custard and its essence of rose... The chocolate nutella cake was also very delish. The macaron was $6? But get there early bcs we tried to go back around 8 and there was barely anything left! :(
5	If I ever have a child, I want to name him Jean Philippe, but he will probably get beat up at school having a name like that.  The desserts here are absolutely decadent.  Not only do they taste good, but they are miniature works of art in themselves.  Pastry on the highest level is never overly sweet, and these are no exception.  The quality of ingredients is highly apparent the moment you take a bite into them.  Unfortunately our caloric allowances only gave room for my wife and I to order one apiece.The strawberry shortcake was wonderful.  A very nice fruity strawberry flavor uncut by any of the red corn syrupy stuff you see in other places.  I had the vanilla eclair which was filled with vanilla pastry cream.  I think that they use Tahitian vanilla because it had a nice floral vanilla essence to it.  It was a full-bodied vanilla taste often not found in other places.  I did feel a little chalkiness to the texture which is from the starch they use to thicken it.  But, unless you make pastry cream on an ongoing basis, you may not notice it.Desserts here are not cheap.  At $7 a pop, they can cause sticker shock.  But are they sooo worth it.  Jean Philippe clearly demonstrates why he has received the award as Pastry Chef of the Year multiple times.  I don't think there are any bad pastries as I had some other ones when they were located in the Bellagio hotel.  The pumpkin cheesecake is also a seasonal favorite.Do not pass up the opportunity to get a bite here.
4	"WOW." Was the thought that went through my head after seeing the displays here. Even though some of them look fake (and maybe they are), but the fact that everything is visually spectacular is something to take note of. Take a peek at a few of the pictures and it'll give you an idea of what I'm talking about. The giant chocolate flowers are awesome and the ladies will love the chocolate high heels.I chose to get a very sweet strawberry tart. Although, the crust was too hard and sticky (I like mine more crumbly in fashion) it was good and sweet. The strawberries were very fresh and had a light honey drizzle with chopped pistachios on top. Inside was a creamy custard. If it weren't for the crust, I'd have given this place 5 stars, but that's just my preference I guess. Now thinking back it was a more jamm'um in your mouth dessert, than a fork and knife dessert. It was tasty none the less.Anyone who's a fan of desserts has to try at least one (or a few) of their baked confections. He has several other locations scattered throughout the hotels on The Strip. One I hear has a magnificent chocolate fountain. So you can be like Ponce De Leon and look for the mythical Fountain of Chocolate (disclaimer: youth not guaranteed).
3	Ton of selections to choose from.Decided on the lime ... tart? It was beautifully presented and it caught my eye!Anywho, it was yummy but I did not like the hard sugar piece atop the dessert. TOO SWEET. I took it off. Overall, the inside of the dessert was good, the presentation was good--- full execution? Needs to be worked out. Thing I liked most were their awesome napkins :) I took a few home! Hahahha.
3	A beautiful open-air shop on the ground floor of Aria with an array of delectable treats on display.  I wanted one of everything!  Instead, I bought a few gifts - choco covered pretzels, hard candies, and choco covered espresso beans...which set me back over $40.Besides pre-packaged goodies, there is also a display case filled with a variety of gelato flavors as well as another case filled with truffles and other choco goodness.  Coffee is available, and they have some tables set up right outside of the shop.Two questions I had were...where the heck does your line start, and why do you only have one person working??Cute little place to stop for a treat or two...or three, wallet permitting.
5	Although both JPP's in Vegas are huge, Aria edges out the one at Bellagio for selection and service.  There were also at least twice the amount of employees at this location so the line moved a lot faster.  I was able to buy some truffles and other chocolate treats to bring back home!  Quick tip: be sure to refrigerate your chocolate ASAP otherwise it'll melt in the Vegas sun!  We were lucky to have an extra mini fridge in our room so it wasn't a problem but our cousins who came along were devastated when theirs melted before they had a chance to bring them back to their hotel.  I am also noticing the reviews for the food at JPP so I'll have to add that to my list of must-eats next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Fabulous! Just plain fabulous. Who doesn't love this place? Good breakfast crepes too. Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!
5	I have never been to the one at Bellagio. Only the one at Aria. The dining area provided to enjoy these wonderful treats looks like an upscale food court, but in a good way. The plates appear like glass, the silverware looks real, but they're all disposable plastic. Very nice ambiance. I came here one late night for a sweet tooth fix on the suggestion of a friend. I got the raspberry cheesecake. I love how the cheesecake was encased in a white chocolate envelope. I'm not a fan of strong raspberry flavor, but this was subtle and absolutely divine. This dessert was not overly sweet either. My boyfriend chose the Nutella dessert, which was a few long cuts of puff pastry that sandwiches as well as topped with a light chocolate/Nutella cream. It had the wonderful Nutella flavor and wasn't overtly sweet.There were so many choices and everything looked so good! It's hard to choose just one. I was overwhelmed by all the chocolate, gelato, croissants, danishes, and sweets available. I need to make more trips to get a taste of everything and to try out the sandwiches and coffee they also offer.
4	my new love at aria!came here on my last day in vegas, and had breakfast. i had a chicken pesto panini it was so delicious and with orange juice it makes everything better. the bread is toasted to perfection, the chicken is nicely cooked and has melted cheese on it. the pesto is nicely flavored. it can be a bit pricey, my total was about $13.the raspberry gelato was also really creamy, smooth and delicous. their desserts look so yummy too. i cannot wait to come back here for my dessert and breakfast fix!everything is picture worthy, they have model cakes and desserts. and tons of chocolates to choose from. im not sure the exact prices for everything but pricey and worth it!
3	3.5 overall5 for crepes first time and 3 2nd time, 3 on service, 4 on ambiance, 3 for constancy.With 5 places to order from it is confusing.  The cool factor over took the functional in their design.Looking at about 10 bucks for crepes.Presentation and taste vary from great to ok.Chocolate crepe looked like it would be too chocolatey but it was perfect.2nd time we went it was more busy and definitely not done as well.  They didn't give me mint, presentation wasn't as nice, and nothing was in the crepe just put on top.
5	the man is an artist. i had the oreo, white chocolate, dark chocolate cheesecake. the cheesecake (very very light, it's whipped) comes in a purse made entirely of white chocolate with a dark chocolate truffle on top. there is an oreo cookie crust at the bottom. it was delicious.everything there looks great and runs about 5.50-7.00. i do not consider this to be pricey as many people do, because you will pay about 6 dollars for a piece of chocolcate cake at tgi fridays that is probably made from betty crocker. these are delicious and labor intensive with very fresh ingredients. plus, they look great. i'd also imagine someone would love to recieve one as a gift.
5	had his croissant at Bellagio a few years ago and never forgot how good it tasted.  got to relive that memory this weekend.  it was every bit as good as i remembered it.regular croissant + dub expressoBest Ever!
4	Excellent service as I really love European style hot  chocolate and the server gave me a sample of it.  It was decent so I ordered a small.  My cup turned out not as steamy hot as the sample and towards the end, there are lumps of chocolate undissolved in it.  I would go back and request extra hot, use all the chocolate and 70% of the milk.  Just make it more concentrated.  They use chocolate powder instead of the traditional constant stirring method.
4	Line at 10:30am on Sunday was out of control. Still, I'm glad I stuck it out - best freaking almond croissant I have EVER eaten. Yummmmmm.Also tried the mini-sandwich trio later in the day. Loved the tuna (don't be turned off by the odd color), veggie was a'ight, and ham was just not my thing. It would be great to take to the pool and split between pals if you aren't so into forking over $16 for a premade turkey wrap. Pool money should be spent on booze.
3	Very fancy pastry shop that's decent. So after playing craps from 10pm-5am, I wanted to grab something quick to eat in my room before flying out. The place doesn't open til 6am and there was already a line forming. The decor and display is just beautiful. Wide variety of fancy looking pastries. I opt for the breakfast panini, a raspberry muffin, and orange juice. Results are mix. Panini good, muffin, and OJ decent. Being Vegas it's pricey, the 3 items totaled up to $20. But you got to pay the bills and all the fancy decor some how. Service on the front line was spotty and a little disarray, but that maybe because of the long line. A decadent shop that's alright. I would check it out, if you crave something small to munch on.
4	OK! So I had the hot chocolate...great!  Then the vegetarian crepe, I'm not a vegetarian but the crepe was good, fresh, light.  Next was the Asian shrimp salad...also good.  Our plan was to just have some dessert but when we got there we realized we were kind of hungry.  I was sketchy about eating real lunch at a dessert place...but I didn't need to be.  The food was just as good as the desert.  Next time I will try a sandwich because a lot of people were getting sandwiches, maybe they know something I don't know (lol).So unfortunately with our lunch we had very little room for dessert, so we settled for two pieces of chocolate...since that's kind of what he's known for , I was ok with this.  Let me tell you...the man knows chocolate.  I had the earl grey ...if you're a big big tea drinker, like me, you'll love it.  Next was a chocolate with coconut, I don't really like coconut but it was good...the textures was awesome...a definite party in your mouth lol.  Oh, last was the white/milk chocolate strawberry which was also good...but all chocolate strawberries taste good...you have to be an idiot to mess up a chocolate strawberry.So, I will be going back...probably Friday lol.
5	Awesome place to get a light snack or if you're craving something cold and sweet. The Patisserie has a bright and clean and modern look to it, and is in stark contrast to its sister outlet at Bellagio.  The tables an counters are shiny and new and have a thick solid wood top.The gelatos and sorbets are quite tasty and flavorful. There's a broad selection, though I have seen places with a wider assortment than here.
5	How do I NOT have a review for this place? ABSURD! I have a major sweet tooth and this place just calls to me every time I'm in Aria. Yes even as I pass by the place dressed in my clubbing clothes, 5inch heels, full makeup, nails done, hair did (yeah I'm fancy huh). I look longingly at the cookies, pastries and other sweets, hating how I can't eat any at that very moment bc I don't want to bust the zipper of my dress.HOWEVER, I come back the next morning wearing my fat pants/shorts/pjs/whatever clothing that allows me to indulge... and buy several pastries... Several meaning at least 4. I think last time I bought 6-7 things. MMMM! Craving satisfied! =)
4	I had breakfast here on Friday w/ a couple of friends. They specialize in desserts, but serve gourmet sandwiches & salads as well.Ham & Cheese Croissant: 4/5 - It wasn't any different than a ham & cheese sandwich made w/ a George Foreman Grill, but it was good.Service: 3/5 - The service was fine, but lines can get really long here in the mornings.Ambience: 4/5
4	we came here wanting dessert and left with satisfying portions of delicious gelato, which we sat and ate while watching the endless parade of people wandering by on the casino floor. they have a large selection and it's all really good, and they are open late-ish for post-dinner dessert cravings. i haven't tired anything else, but based on the rave reviews their pastries seem to get, i think i will remedy that on my next trip to las vegas.
5	If I died and went to pastery heaven - I am assuming that I would end up here!!  While staying at the Aria for work, I was seduced by the beautiful look of the place, amazingly decorative cakes and treats, and the smell called to my belly.  I happily gave in and ordered a Nutella Brioche for breakfast.  It is amazing!! I have never been so amazed by deliciousness in my life for a pastery.  It was a flaky buttery croissant like outside with powdered sugar filled with a whole lotta nutella.  I got a spoon to enjoy every last delicious bite.  I was sad to see it go but so happy that it was in my belly.  I went back this morning and got another one - I may have to buy some to bring home!!
4	As I walked by, my eyes lit up and all I could say was "oooooh" and "mmm." I knew walking in there would cost me hundreds of calories, maybe even a thousand, but I couldn't pass up all the yummy looking chocolate and pastries. I decided not to go with their chocolate because I needed something with more substance to tie me over till dinner.  I picked up their rose macaron (omfg! it's like the biggest macaron I've ever seen!!! but also the most expensive one I have ever purchased at 6.95), a napoleon, and a fruit tart.  The macaron was adorned with a very pretty sugar coated rose petal, and filled with cream and fresh raspberry. I took a bite of the petal, but it actually looks prettier than it tastes. The macaron, however, was delish. The cookie was not too sweet, and the cream and raspberry compliments it very well. The napoleon was also very good, although it was like any other napoleon I've had. I haven't had the fruit tart yet because I'm saving it for tomorrow (I can only have so much sugar in one day), but it does look good. It also comes sugar free. =)
4	I just stop in for a quick fix of JP gelato.  I got the Peanut Brittle, and it was excellent as always!  This is such a good place to stop and look at the lovely bakery goods and have some gelato.
4	I wish I was able to try out their patisserie and croissants if I stayed at Aria. Instead, we did a pit stop at Aria while gambling, and I decided to get dinner there.I ordered the Basil Aioli Chicken Panini for $9.99. Expensive but hey it's Vegas!  The panini came with caramelized onions and was really good.  I like the presentation in the boxes and the bread was nice and warm.  Tender and flavorful.  Plenty of seats are available around the bakery.  Plenty of yummy goodies, chocolates, ice cream, cold sandwiches, and paninis are available for any time of the day!I wonder how good their chocolates are?
1	Dear Macaron lovers,I went on a search mission to find some real French Macarons in Vegas. After some research online, i came down to 3 places that have them (or should have them according to online reviews)- Jean Phillipe, Payard Patisserie, Bouchon Bakery. To my surprise, only Bouchon had the best deal, biggest macarons, and the cheapest price (when comparing sizes).. Jean Philippe should be ashamed of themselves for even advertising the fact that they sell macarons. All they had was puny 6 tiny macarons in a bag (size of a quarter) for $10.. Same thing with Payard. As much as they advertise themselves, and as much aura as they create around them- shame on them too. They didn't have any macarons except for some puny little pre-packaged bags that was way overpriced..All i can say, when it comes to getting real French Macarons in Vegas- the place to go to is Boucheron. Jean Phillipe, i give you the lowest score for falsely advertising what you really don't have in your shop. Shame on you..
5	I was really impressed with Jean Philippes.  I enjoyed a almond croissant and a peanut butter cookie here.  Both were one of the best I've ever had.
5	I LOVE Italian Gelato and have to have one nearly every single time I come across a shop. While living in Austria (Europe) for 10 years, I have always loved Gelato over American icecream (no offense meant. They are good too!)The shop was very professionally displayed with all sorts of baked goods and chocolates, but I went straight to the Gelato line.Between a friend and I, we ordered Coconut, Pistachio, Glazed Hazelnut, and Lemon.The (1) Coconut was one of the BEST I have ever tasted from any Gelato shop -- it was full of Coconut flavor and texture. (2) Glazed Hazelnut was also excellent: it contained glazed pieces of hazelnut, adding a nice, crunchy texture. (3) Pistachio was acceptable, and contained pistachio nuts for additional texture as well.I was disappointed with the (4) Lemon, however. Don't get me wrong. Lemon is one of my favorite Gelato flavors, but this one didn't taste right. And here's why: my friend wanted Lemon Gelato. The server gave her Lemon Sorbet. I told him that we wanted GELATO. He said, "they are both the same." Huh? I knew from the consistency that it was, in fact, NOT Gelato. Gelato and Sorbet are NOT the same. *Minus 1 star for that.*All in all, this is perhaps one of my most favorite Gelato places. Two scoops for $5. Excellent.In contrast, the Gelato stand at the Venetian, Cocolini's, was a complete JOKE! It tasted nowhere near Gelato, and was extremely creamy. Gelato is supposed to be light and flavorful. Two scoops for $8. My friend, who never had Gelato before, found it to be "blah" too. I felt so bad, I just had to take her to Jean Philippe (after a friend raved about it). Jean Philippe helped win her back. She now enjoys Gelato.EDIT 3/31/2011: I was in Vegas last week and stumbled upon another Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio. So, we paid them a visit thinking it would be as good as the one at the Aria. No. Go to the Aria for GOOD gelato.EDIT 5/14/2012: I love my icecream to have texture. For example, Hazelnut gelato having pieces of the nut, Strawberry having seeds, Coconut having coconut shavings, and the such. They make the gelato taste more natural and provide a welcome break to the same taste after you have licked the flavor over and over again. This place has that.
5	Jean Philippe storefront is located in front of the elevators to the hotel rooms (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQab9yLDDP_R9ZgRDt7MfA?select=EXVvx1O49t64AWTO_zM0CQ).  Perfect for those who stay at Aria as one does not have to go far in order to pick up some breakfast items.  Didn't dine there as there were tons of people enjoying coffee and danishes with no open tables.  Opted to take my coffee and Nutella brioche back to the room to enjoy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQab9yLDDP_R9ZgRDt7MfA?select=Ajg1uOP4C7Q6b1cwbwJ65g). For people that love Nutella, this is a must!  The brioche bread was light and fluffy and was filled with Nutella.  Coffee was good as well and will be back tomorrow to pick up some items to take back home with me (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQab9yLDDP_R9ZgRDt7MfA?select=G0sFpyrVp_EIrj4KdG8CHg).Also picked up some of their macaroons....tried one and it's only ok.  Paulette and Payard's are much better in my opinion.
4	CliffsNotes: Simply put, one of the most amazing pastry shoppes in all of Vegas.  You'll find cakes, tarts, and other confectioneries that are visually and gastronomically appealing.  Forget about fancy restaurants and fancy plated desserts.  Enjoy the same experience for a fraction of the price here Jean Philippe Patiserrie.  [Original Visit: November 5, 2010]
3	Last stop in the Aria/Crystals foodie crawl.  We walked up to the dessert counter to view the desserts and order.  The desserts are all very pretty.  The server behind the counter seemed seriously flustered for some reason, even though they did not appear to be busy.  I ordered peanut lollipop ($6.50) which is a ball of chocolate, caramel and peanuts on a stick.  This was ok but not terrific by any means.  It kind of tasted like it might have had coconut in it, which I hate.  Plus the stick presentation is cute (see picture) but awkward.  At one point, I took a bite and the rest fell off and landed in my lap.  Yuck. My husband got a pumpkin cheesecake ($6.50) which was, as far as I could tell, a piece of pumpkin cheesecake covered in orange fondant.  Sweet, pumpkin-y but nothing special.We also got two herbal teas ($3.50), mint and chamomile (we gotta sleep, people).  The mint tea was pretty good... fancy teabags which I am a sucker for.  I like the atmosphere and the setup.  It's a good place to people watch and it is a fast place to get dessert after a foodie crawl.  But not my favorite place for dessert by far.  I should try the gelato sometime or the crepes.  Maybe those would be better. A slightly disappointing end to our first Aria/Crystals foodie crawl but there is more to come!  Maybe next round we will end on a high note!
4	The chocolates here are amazing. I always get my parents something when I go on trips so I decided to get them chocolates since Jean Philippe is known for his. My mom isn't exactly a sweets lover but I thought, hey what the heck? If they are good she'll enjoy them and boy, she did! I got them both all of the pistachio chocolates as well as a few others and they both thoroughly enjoyed them. I was so surprised when my mom said she really liked them and savored each one. Damn to desserts being so bad for our thighs and making them chunky cottage cheese! They are pretty pricey-- $2 for a small chocolate but they are really delicious and as much as I want to gag when I say this because it's so cheesy, they are like a bite of heaven. The help wasn't as sweet (actually the chocolates are great because they are indulgent but not overly sweet) as the chocolates. I asked if they had small boxes and the lady who helped me seemed annoyed.. then I asked if I could customize the boxes which is a popular option because they have a huge display of chocolates and she seemed even more annoyed because she had to stop her side conversation... Go for the chocolates and to look at the amazing decorations. The guys kept gambling while I entertained myself and looked at everything. Prices are steep but it's Vegas (what a bad excuse!) and it's famous.
4	Jean Philippe seems to be the new hotness in Las Vegas and I'm not so sure it's deserved. The decor of the Patisserie is great - fondante everywhere and lots of nice looking pastries and chocolates to buy. Like others have noted, I don't think it's worth the price. On the other hand, there's coffee and breakfast foods, making this a popular place in the mornings for any Aria hotel guest.For us, we got their paninis, which was quite delicious. There's a panini with pesto and chicken and the bread is awesome. The only gripe is that even if you get the panini to eat there, they still give it to you in this giant plastic container, which just gets thrown away when you're finished. Oh well.
5	All I will say it was multiple O's in my mouth, one after another. Not cheap but worth every penny!!!!The only down thing is the seating area that it is a bit cramp, but very stylish...
3	Cool selection of great looking chocolates, pastries, etc. But it didn't completely follow through for the high price tag.  I found the coffee really weak too.  Good but nothing to go out of your way for.
3	Once again, our last stop in our Aria foodie crawl.  We couldn't come up with another place for dessert and I thought we'd give this place another try.  This time it was much more crowded.  We opted for crepes and I got in the very long crepe line.  My husband wandered off and then came back to tell me that he already ordered our crepes at the cashier.  Ok.  So basically order whatever you want anywhere.  Good to know.I got the bananas fosters crepe, which was ok.  Not as much caramel as I like.  I also got more of their fancy herbal tea.  I think the brand is Tea Leaves.  The chamomile tea is very good.  I'm smelling the package it came in right now... so good.Once again, slightly disappointed.  Maybe I'm just too full by the time I make it here.  Plus the haphazard ordering system stresses me out. Next time, gelato!
4	Decided on a gelato pit stop. If you see an old man manning the station, move on and come back. It appears he doesn't know how to multi-task with the LONG line of people at the counter.We came back and no line! The younger Asian guy took our order:  2 scoop gelato with chocolate mint and caramel hazelnut ($5). It satisfied the sweet tooth before the big dinner for the evening. They had lots more selection, but the lines were too long. They had displays everywhere of interesting looking creations. They were amazing!!!
4	This bakery shop has more selection than Payard and Bouchon and is a good place for a substantial after-dinner dessert. They serve delicious smelling crepes, have at least two dozen gelato flavors, and a medley of elegant desserts. I had the fruit tart (sugar free!), which was on par with the ones you get at Whole Foods.  I wish I got the gelato because they give you a very generous 2 scoops for $5 (best deal of all the gelato places I checked out in Vegas). The mint chip and peanut  brittle were delicious. Another plus: a large seating area.
4	Chocolate pasteries are delicious.  Crepes are nicely prepared and not overcooked which could be prepared as a desert or entree.  This location is not as busy the one in Belagio during the time I stayed in Aria.  It is conveniently located for those that are staying in Aria.  Location is not to far from the elevators from the rooms.
5	Wow amazing pastries. My husband and I stayed at the Aria for the first time. When we first arrived at Aria we walked by and HAD to buy something. The display case was clean and well stocked. I bought a butter croissant, and it was gone within minutes. (Adam helped me!) What is great about this place is that they are open until 12 am. And they are open fairly early as well. I seriously came here 2x a day to grab a bite to eat. I felt as if Aria didn't have many "fast" options for people on the go. I was in a bit of a time constraints because of the seminars I had to attend. By the end of my 3 day trip to Las Vegas.. I could not even look at a pastry. I ate 3 regular croissants, 2 chocolate, 1 chocolate muffin, 1 fruit salad and a cheese danish. The coffee had a bold taste.. just what I needed to get my day started.  Now about a week after my trip to Vegas, I am craving for the flaky crusts of pastries again.  Mmmmm..One negative is the ham and cheese croissant that they offer in the morning. Ewww.. i didn't like it at all. It was way to cheesy. FYI, they only serve a limited menu in the morning, afternoon and dinner. One plus that made up for the gross ham and cheese croissant, was that my husband had forgotten his debit card at the register. He didn't realize it until about an hour after he left. He went back to the counter and they knew immediately what he was talking about. One of the staffers said that he turned it into security shortly after he left. So my husband then went to security.. and after some ID verification he had his debit card in hand. Wonderful eh?
3	One can generally tell the quality by the number of customers, and there were a good number of people lining up at Jean Philippe.  The Trio Cheesecake certainly doesn't disappoint.  Nice creaminess inside with chocolate exterior for nice texture contrast.  On the other hand, the savory crepes fell a little short.  I am not a big fan of the spongy crepe.  The Forest crepe was okay, but the Royal crepe was too salty.   A good place if you are into something sweet.  I will have to come back for the gelato next time.
4	LOVED IT!  I love desserts and this place is great for it.  The pasty is light and fluffy and buttery and just YUUUUUM!!!!  The bf even liked it here and that's hard to get for a dessert place.  I can't say much more aside from the fact that I wanted to try EVERYTHING here...  definitely be back when I visit vegas again.
4	I've been here twice and they have never disappointed me.  The decorations are so pretty with all the beautiful cakes displayed.  The gelato flavors are to die for.  I love green tea. It is my favorite.  A scoop of gelato (you can choose two flavors) is around $5.  They also sell crepes.  Crepes range from $6 to $10.  I got the Berry crepe and it was good. It was nice and hot.  They also sell salads, sandwiches, chocolates, dessert cakes, and pastries.  The iced coffees and lattes are a bit over priced. I would not go here all the time, but when I vegas, I will make an effort to stop by.
5	Exchanging our humorous Christmas gag-gifts and packing our bags for the Christmas flight home we next checked out of our hotel and left our bags in the rental car while we decided to finish our vacation with some gaming, coffee, and dessert in the early afternoon at Aria.    Having already browsed the newest Jean-Philippe boutique multiple times during our visit and having tried the original at Bellagio in the past we were thrilled to note that as opposed to Bouchon, Jean Philippe was fully embracing the holiday theme.Having experienced the Nutella gelato and Tiramisu on past visits to Jean Philippe at the Bellagio I personally was wowed by the vastness of the new shop's selection - from cookies to candies to confections and ice cream everything looked excellent and given the length of the line we were given plenty of time to decide.  With the space at Aria including a dining area in addition to the vast shop my mother and sister made their suggestions and went to wait out a table - a successful bid that would land us a four-top overlooking the gaming floor only moments before we paid our bill.Browsing the selection and deciding on a dessert each, plus an enormous chocolate covered strawberry and a coffee the items were plated on clear plastic trays with the Chef's signature logo - a nice touch softening the blow of a $38 tab.  Splitting each item into fourths in order to design a miniature dessert tasting our selections would be a "gift wrapped" Carrot cake, a Nutella Brioche, a Snowman Tiramisu, and a Chocolate Bouche de Noel.  With each item a stunning example of Jean Philippe and team's handiwork I still think this is one of the best Tiramisu dishes to ever grace my palate and the Bouche was vastly superior to that at Bouchon Bakery just days before.  With the Carrot Cake loaded with a citrus toned cream cheese, raisins, and plenty of texture and the Nutella Brioche featuring the texture of a Croissant with easily two tablespoons of the Hazelnut filling within everything was divine, especially when paired with the subtly chocolate toned coffee.  A sweet ending to a wonderful trip - and my first Merry Christmas outside of the Buckeye State.
5	Decor: Cute with displays of drool inducing pastries/chocolates and etc.Service: Polite and efficient.Food: I ordered the gelato (strawberry and mango/passionfruit).Verdict: Yumtastic :-D
4	Jean Philippe is in a somewhat odd location within Aria....  right at the edge of the casino floor.  With the "bad" out of the way, here are my thoughts:The service was polite, friendly, and knowledgable.You have GOT to try the white chocolate mocha....  Y-U-M!  The gelato can be summed up in one word:  Orgasmic!
4	enjoyed everything, even the coffee.
5	I have been here twice and the pastries were amazing - My mouth is always happy when I go here...His chocolate creations are orgasmic... If your looking for something sweet and don't mind spending a few dollars this is the perfect treat
5	They make amazing crepes like no other bakeries in Vegas!! Yum yum! Go for the chicken and spinach crepe (cant remember the exact name,but they have chicken and spinach and cheese in it,hmmmm :P), you will not regret!  Also, they make amazing dessert, cheesecakes,cupcakes,fruitcakes..you name it. They all have excellent taste. Tip: You'd better be there 10 minutes earlier, otherwise you will have to queue there with the extreme patience.
3	Had some crepes, berry filled and the banana version.  It was just ok.  I can understand everyone wanting to give 5 stars because the ambience is great, but those two crepes and two cups of joe was over $30.00, but they won't get 5 stars from me.  It is what it is and what it was was a mediocre crepe.  I shall try more in December for my end of year trip.  To be fair, I only tried a small sample of whats available.
2	***Jean Philippe Patisserie offers expensive and fancy individual cakes; while I did not love mine, I could see that some of the cakes here might be really good***Located in Aria, Jean Philippe Patisserie is a gourmet patisserie and gelato bar that is located right next to the casino floor.  The desserts here are very enticing.  The gelato bar looks pretty run-of-the-mill, but Jean Philippe Patisserie has a huge glass display counter that shows off nice looking chocolates and individual, arty cakes (that remind me of the individual cakes at Jin Patisserie in Venice).I went through the cakes and while many of them looked good, the actual ingredients and descriptions did not excite me that much.  I finally went with a tart that was topped with pistachio cream, raspberry cream and fresh raspberries.  The raspberries were fresh.  The abundant use of raspberries here made the dessert here quite tart, but the pistachio cream was cool and mild and that helped.While I enjoyed the topping (even though I would not say it was great), I was not a fan of the tart base (it looked cake-like, but it almost pie crust-like).  It was very hard and dry.  I would have preferred a lighter cake base or a flaky puff pastry.Service was okay.  The server was not that knowledgeable about the desserts here, which made ordering difficult.Prices for the individual cakes were a little high, but I think that is to be expected given the arty presentations and the fact that the shop is in Las Vegas.  While I did not get a good look at the prices for the gelato, from what I saw, the gelato seemed to be reasonably priced compared to other Vegas spots.Jean Philippe Patisserie has a lot of attractive desserts.  The chocolates here looked like they would make good gifts.  I would consider coming to Jean Philippe again to try other things.  But based on this one experience, I would have to say that I enjoyed the desserts/sweets more at Vosges (Caesars Palace) and Bouchon Bakery (Venetian).Aria has complimentary valet parking.  I imagine that they also feature complimentary self-parking.
5	My love affair with Jean Phillipe first started almost five years ago when I discovered the quaint little eatery in the back of the Bellagio.  My love affair with Aria began the minute I saw his name and plunged into obsession when I frequented this location.Some of the most delicious desserts out there as well as the most visually appealing, (you almost cry eating them).  My favorite is the sugar free fruit tart.  I also love the crepes and gelato.  My family and I bought several desserts one night and had a tasting feast.  I heard no complaints.
5	When you walk past one of these bakeries, you are overwhelmed by the endless amounts of goodies they have to offer...ice cream, chocolate, muffins, baked goods, cookies, pastries, etc etc. You honestly go on sugar overload just looking at the endless options. You don't know which way to turn or frankly to order. It makes you wish you had an endless amount of money (in which some do) to order one of everything and do a tasting. After what seems like an hour long decision, I order a snickers pastry. It's a dark chocolate shell with chocolate moose, caramel, and nuts inside. Phenomenal. A perfect blend of all four flavors. Now that I am thinking about this decant dessert, it makes me wonder if they ship. Ummmm????
5	Beautiful bakery.Addicting sweets.Delicious pastries.Delectable eats.Luscious gelato.Decent prices (for the LV STRIP)Two words: ALMOND CROISSANT!!!I love this place... it's stunning to the eyes and mind-twisting delicious for your taste buds and stomach. The only complaint was it was "conveniently" located right next to the guest elevators, so we passed by here about 5 times a day... So I ate here about 3 out of 5 of those times :)
5	F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S Nutella brioche!  I've been to Jean Philippe each time I've visited Vegas, and intend on making my way through the pastry menu. Thank goodness Las Vegas resorts have amazing workout facilities... the treadmill beckons after a trip to Jean Philippe Patisserie!
4	This place may be a little pricey but the food is done with such precision and care that it is almost too artistic to eat. They have a large arrangement of cakes, tarts and other desserts as well as savory items like croissants. The ham and cheese croissant was so perfect for my hangover state. Rich buttery, warm and flakey. Put a nice comfort in my stomach. Only criticism is everything is pre-made then reheated. Would have loved to try it straight out of the oven.
4	I love their chocolates! My bf brought me the ballotin 12-piece box ($24) from Vegas. He handpicked the truffles, squared bonbons, and the chocolates from their fruit collection. Every piece that I had was delicious. I especially loved the crunchy pralines, earl gray, grand marniere truffle, mango passion and blueberry filled chocolates (though be warned that the fruit filled ones are runny and messy). Jean Philippe(including its chocolate fountain) is on my must visit list the next time I head to Vegas!
5	Everything about this Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria is AWESOME!I came in to look for macarons, and walked out with:Raspberry Rose Macaron ($6.00) - a 2.5-3" diameter hot pink macaron with an ever so lightly rose cream and perfect fresh raspberries in the center.  A candied rose petal topped it.  This was like a Paulette rose macaron on its wedding day -AMAZING!!Triple Chocolate ($6.50) - buttery and slightly salty toffee bottom crust, chocolate ganache, chocolate cream and vanilla cream layers, covered in a rich chocolate mousse, 1/2 enrobed with ganache, and topped with a ganache filled pistachio macaron.  With a roll of fudge on top, and a band of chocolate around it.  Omg, amazing!Everything was mildly sweet, and the macarons were moist in the middle, with a perfect crust.Each desert was packaged in its own mini cake box so perfectly - and service was gracious and fast.  My friend also got a scoop each of the pistachio and Oreo gelatos, and they were super yummy!Jean Philippe, I think my good friend Paulette would eat you up.....I know I did! = P
5	If you are looking for sweets in Vegas, your search will end with Jean Phillipe's Patisserie.  Not only are the items in the bakery beautiful to look at, but they're also delicious.  Their creme brulee gelato is absolutely delicious, their "souffle" is a custard filled crepe and it's the best crepe I've ever had, and their cakes are amazingly rich.I prefer their location in Aria to their location in Bellagio because it is bigger and because they have a lot more seating available.  If you plan to eat there, then come here for eating and go to Bellagio to take a picture of the famous chocolate fountain.I've been to dozens and dozens of sweets places and this ranks as one of my favorite places for sweets.  It's that good.  As I go to display case from display case, I feel like a kid at a toy store.  If you love sweets, then this place is a must-visit.
1	I will never come back to this place, bad customer services.  They need to retrain their cashiers.
5	I have wanted to try this place the last couple of times that I have been to the Aria Hotel, but I just did not have the time to stop and get a few things.So, today was the day I decided to check this place out.  As I walked in, the deserts were so beautifully presented that I just had to stop and drool.So, finally after 10 minutes of carefully checking out each item, I decided to get the vanilla flan, tutti fruiti, chocolate intense, coconut macaroon and chocolate, coconut macaroon.The vanilla flan was awesome, the vanilla flavor was intense and delicious.  The tutti fruitti is fiiled with a lemon mousse and topped with strawberries......very light and super tasty.  The chocolate intense is a chocoate covered chocolate mousse, topped with a chocolate macaroon....sooooo yummy.Bottom line, if you enjoy awesome sweets, you must check this place out.
5	This chocolate heaven at the Aria hotel just makes me so happy. As soon as i saw those chocolate flowers on the wall http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=zqVvDm_-ikgvhPMZrUK3Lg, i was giddy!There was the gelato bar with a great variety of flavors: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=7K-QKzgV0XdrlZOX9aMRng, a crepe station, sandwiches, cakes galore, pastries, chocolates and lots of fun and cute stuff - from wedding cake favors http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=wzlynGBt9AZbLQevhF8jjg to Thrillahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=ZRq2lJn-JoOHLqUOZNYQVgIt was almost impossible to pick which cake i wanted. We settled on triple chocolate cake (so decadent!) topped with a fab macaron. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=HfgazxGFRJ6nZO2MXGcNsQWe also shared a tasty crepe: rich and very indulgent. Loved it! One thing i didn't love was when I asked a worker if they sold individual macarons and the guy said yes and pointed me to the coconut macaroons. I was even more annoyed when I saw labels for the rose macaron cake say macaroon. However the prepacked macarons were labeled "French macarons".  Anthony N pointed it out to me that macaroon is the English translation for macaron; but seriously at Jean Philippe I would like to see it labeled Macaron, especially when they ALSO sell macarooooons. It's like a prestigious french restaurant having "fat liver" on their menu instead of foie gras. Luckily my annoyance quickly dissipated when i took a bite of that triple chocolate cake!!!
3	this little cafe is located in Aria.  we wanted to grab a quick lunch closeby to our hotel (Vdara) that wasn't too pricey. you order at the counter.  when your food is ready, they call you over.  well, after about 10 minutes, we were notified that they were out of the asian salad.  (mind you, these are PREMADE salads...don't know why it took that long to tell us that)  then while we were trying to decide which other salad was a good substitute, they said, "oh, we found ONE more."  you would think people would get it straight the first time.  so we shared a sandwich and a salad.roast beef sandwich -- it was okay.  good bun...sandwich size was not too big but i suppose sufficient.  asian salad -- we laughed because the ingredients basically just threw everything asian in...the chinese, vietnamese, japanese, etc... it contained ginger slices, water chestnuts, green onions, .......almond brioche -- not too sweet...fairly good but pricey.  guess that's expected.  course after i went to earl of sandwich, i wished i went before this meal.  if i had, i would have gone to earl of sandwich again having a DELICIOUSLY awesome, great price meal that can't be beat..  hindsight is 20/20??
5	Why did I wait so long to write a review for this place?! Just came here again last night... It's crepe heaven! I don't know how many times I've been here but I keep coming back for that delicious, mouth watering chocolate crepe drizzled with chocolate sauce and topped with brownie pieces and whip cream..yummy in my tummy! The crepe itself is perfectly done right, not too soft and not over done. If you dont live near the strip and you are craving for a nice and satisfying dessert, def stop by here. It's worth the drive. Do prepare to spend some money because it does not come cheap. Nine bucks for this delicious crepe and if you want water w it, be prepared to pay 5 bucks for a small bottle of Aria water. The good thing is the portion is pretty decent. Seriously though, hands down best dessert crepe in town.FYI: if you are planning on getting crepe, just head straight to the register and do not mind the line of people trying to get some gelato. And if they give you crap about 'cutting' in line tell them to piss off and point at the sign saying 'Please order crepe at register' . I was told I didnt have to stand in that line if I wasn't planning on getting gelato.
4	My bakery choice in Vegas was Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Aria. There is a second outlet at the Bellagio, but this location is bigger. This is not just a bakery though. You can find an array of things here including chocolates, gelato, sandwiches, desserts and pastries. An all out attack on your wallet.Stuck to the pastry options here as I was in a hurry. I had an almond brioche ($3.95), a sticky bun ($3.95) and a package of sable diamants cookies ($6). On the strength of the first two items, these are two of the best pastries that I have ever had.The almond brioche here is a circular item, unlike other places in which it takes a popover form. The softness of the pastry was like bread pudding. A lot of vanilla flavor going on here with a liberal amount of almond pieces on top.The sticky bun on the other hand takes more of a hardworking approach. It is pretty massive with a lot of cinnamon flavor to it. I have been searching for a great sticky/cinnamon roll and found it here. Too bad that it is 800 something miles away.As for the sable diamants. These were okay. These look like shortbread cookies, but the flavor in these is very restrained. For a cookie made with dark chocolate, pistachio, vanilla, cocoa and coffee it is missing a sweetness to them.Aside from the cookies, this is a patisserie worth seeking out in Vegas. The two pastries convinced me that JP is on another level compared to the majority of the bakeries that I have tried.
3	Frustration! I went on christmas day.My biggest frustration with this place is seating. Awkward, artsy but not functional and tight squeeze with close encounters (I don't want to smell the breathe of the person sitting next to me, especially if I don't know them)The manager is snappyFood mediocre it's really hyped up & all just for looks. I got a ton of food; savory Crepes forest & royal, chicken pesto panini, Cobb saladRoyal savory crepe was creamy cheese & salty. Feel like it should be on pasta, instead.  Forest crepe; forest ham, mushroom & I think Swiss cheese. That was basic but good in comparison to my original dish (Royal Savory Crepe). Chicken pesto panini: my favorite from the pick. Why? IDK, maybe because it wasn't food stuffed a sponge like-tasteless crepe. It was soft yet crispy bread, flavorful fillings. Cobb salad had bad smelling dressing. Had to ask for balsamic vinaigrette. If it smells bad I'm not eating. I like crepe, but this place did not cut it for me, maybe it was because of the service during a holiday. I'm not sure, but I'm pleased. It's whatevers to me. Ate it, tired it, didn't really  like it. Not coming back.
4	You don't need another yelp review telling you that the pastries here are amazing. There's 234873293 other reviews to tell you that. The reason I like THIS Jean Phillipe over the Bellagio one is that this one actually has place for you to sit and enjoy these before mentioned amazing pastries. I like how they have places for you to sit and chit chat or people watch over the casino. The Bellagio Jean Phillipe didn't think it through. The pastries are bomb but SUPER rich. I have a ginormous sweet tooth and I still couldn't finish my creme brulee. Speaking of which, don't order the creme brulee. I am a creme brulee purist, and this one instead of burning the top layer of sugar, separated the custard with a piece of white chocolate and then put a layer of the flan-type caramel on top. You get the same "crack" of a proper creme brulee, without the yummy burnt pleasure. Me no likey! In fact, it was quite disappointing. I hate to say it, but even the creme brulee at Yardhouse is better!
4	Yum yum yum, this is definitely s great place to stop if u want to get your sugar fix! Great Creppes and you can add a scoop of icecream for 2bux!Wird how the ppl working here are not friendly at all, no greeting with a smile... I wonder if being around sugar and icecream all day is the side effect?... Ya I don't think so either.
4	Nutella brioche...sinful.  An almond something... perfect.  Bran muffin...tasty.   Coffee.... good.  Pricey.... but worth it.
1	I am sorry to have to write this review about such an amazing dessert chef, but it is not the food quality that I have to review; it is unfortunately the management and the service.  Jean Philippe is probably one of the best dessert chefs in the country if not the world and his pastries are definitely beautiful, tasty and superb, but the management and system need vast improvement.  Over the weekend, we had ordered an 8 inch carrot cake for my friend's surprise birthday party and we had even confirmed the reservation the day of the event.  We went to pick up the cake at the Aria branch and they "could not find the cake" and furthermore "could not find the order." Then they accused us of placing the order at the bellagio store and when they called the store there was no record of the order either.  Basically they were accusing us of not placing the order which is ridiculous!! Luckily my friend emailed me a copy of his credit card statement which showed the shop had already CHARGED us for the cake even before we had received the product!! A manager then scurried out looked red in the face and apologized and gave us two boxes of pastries which was appreciated, but the damage was done.  The dinner was delayed, the surprise was delayed, and the rest of the nights festivities were delayed due to a poor management system at one of the elite bakeries in vegas.  I am writing this review not out of spite, but to help your established company not make the same mistake again as this will cause your company to lose great customers not because of the food, but because of the management and system.  This is easily fixable and I hope your team works on it.
5	Yummy!!!! We got breakfast here everyday while staying at Aria in Vegas. Their vanilla sugar crepe us delicious. Add a scoop of gelato and it's perfect!
4	Went to the one in Aria and had a quick lunch of prosciutto panini and cobb salad. Very high quality ingredients and portions are the right size.
4	Holla! I'm not a fancy smancy type of foodie when it comes to sweets but this place almost made me to be. I stayed at the Aria for a weekend and walked by Jean Philippe, only to see crowds of people in line in the store or at the actually bakery next to it. Because we only wanted a small, quick bite before the Viva Elvis show, we decided to try Jean Philippe since we saw people dining on sandwiches and salads.We ordered the basil pesto chicken panini for me and the ham panini and good lawd, I think I ate the best sandwich on earth. The basil pesto chicken panini wasn't a humongous sandwich filled with loads of greasy fillers. You could tell they put care in their ingredients and how it's presented to you. The bread was lightly toasted and the overall flavor of the sandwich was delicious and not over "pesto'd". My date's ham sandwich was "delicious" for a ham sandwich that he thought would be a typical sandwich but he said they flavored the ham in some way  to bring flavor out. After watching people tempt us with their crepes and other desserts as they walked by, we decided to try some of their desserts. We tried the tiramisu which came in a little square shaped container and looked beautiful enough for a photo! The first bite had a savory cocoa, vanilla bite followed by a thin, spongy layer of cake. Thinking I had enough, I saw there was over a half portion left in the little container. That says savory!After a flan (which wasn't too great I hate to say) and a delicious espresso, we were off to our show. But one things for sure, next time we come to Vegas, this place will be a must stop for us!
4	While relatives were chowing down at the $14.99 breakfast buffet at Flamingo, hubby and I were sharing a warn fresh mixed berry crepe ($8.50) and two big cups of really good coffee at Jean Phillippe with a total bill of just about $15.00  So, about half as much per person for cost as the buffet and we'd say ten times as much deliciousness in the food.This Jean Phillippe location still has the stand in line to order, pick it up at the counter and carry it out or to your table format of its' older sibling location in Bellagio.  But this location just off thecasino floor at Aria  also has more tables at which to sit in the space and seemingly more savory food choices and a much bigger pre-packaged retail sweets area.  And a nod to Yelp friend Richard S for the heads up that this is a universally accessible location. Crepes are not usually one of my favorite things, something about the texture,  but  I relied on other Yeeps' reviews to underscore that they were a good breakfast choice at Jean Philippe.  I thought fond thoughts about those Yeeps as we ate because the warm mixed berry crepe was really yummy and plenty for two smaller breakfast eaters to share.On another day I might come back here to try gelato from the extensive selection in the sparkling case. Although perhaps not the quiche or other savories as the women sitting on each side of us left quiche and sandwich uneaten, saying each was a little soggy and that they wished they'd picked the crepe instead.  The drawback at this location is that while the process of where to stand to order what is crystal clear at the Bellagio store, it seemed a little unclear here on the first visit to the busy Aria location.  Next time we'll know that a) the entry on the right is for seating or exit from seating, b) the middle entry is for ordering food from the glass enclosed food and pastries counter or for making a right turn to walk to seating and c) the entry on the left is for the gelato, crepe and coffee bar as well as the packaged goodies retail display. (Footnote:  If the crepe counter is closed, order crepes at the coffee counter and go back to the crepe counter to pick them up.  At least that was the drill on the day of our visit.)Now you know if you go.  And we recommend you go.  Almost anything is luscious, but we suggest the crepes of any kind..
4	Desserts are too damn pretty to eat!Take a picture and enjoy.
4	Service was ehhh cuz they gave my friend a lot of trouble to get a cup of coffee that she never received. The lady pretty much told her "Are you sure you don't see the cup of coffee? It should be there." Yea, like she wouldn't  have known if she was carrying a hot cup of coffee...Anyway we got:Chicken pesto panini: Yummm. crispy bread on outside, warm on inside with a slightly citrusy flavor and pesto. This was my friend's so I only had a bite.Smoked salmon salad: Yum again! I didn't like how the dressing was hidden at the end and I got an overload of it as I made my way to the bottom of the bowl, but the smoked salmon was delish and looked so pretty!Chocolate eclair: My friend had it and she liked it, but the chocolate filling was too much/sweet for her and she had to scrape it off.Fruit tart: Yummmm~ the fruits are yum with pretty pieces of semi-sweet and white chocolate. the tart itself is thick and the cream/filling was not very sweet. Pretty good, though I've had better (I personally like Porto's fruit tarts from California).Chocolates:Orange marzipan: Not bad...didn't taste the orange at first, then it hit me as I kept munching. I prefer normal marzipan chocolate I suppose...like the one from Godiva.Earl gray: Oooh definitely can taste the tea. I like!Strawberry jelly: It literally tasted like a cheesecake. It was really good~I was craving little pastries and treats all during my Vegas trip, and this definitely hit the spot! I'll be back next trip in August!
4	So, i'm at the blackjack table at 7 in the morning and I meet this guy who lives in Vegas.  We play for about an hour, and he asks me if i'm hungry.  I say OF COURSE! and he says he will take me to get the best panini's in vegas.  We take the monorail and travel through the bellagio, etc.  I got a tour basically and and the end, was treated to some really great panini's.I got the prusuittio panini and i'm not a huge fan of prusuitto but this was pretty good.  There was some sort of dressing/sauce on it and the bread was perfect.  I love panini bread!!!  It was a pretty big sandwich, so i brought 1/2 back to my hungover girlfriend :)
5	This. Place. Is. AMAZING!!! I couldn't find the listing for the one in Aria, so am commenting here but wow there is something for everyone here. If the breakfast buffet isn't for you, the breakfast options here are SO good.Veggie Quiche - Amazingly flavorful. Portion is very fillingNutella Brioche - One of the best things I've ever eaten. Looks like a fluffy piece of bread and when bitten into it oozes the most delicious nutella ever. Other good things to try - Breakfast SandwichHam and Cheese Croissant (yum!)Apple Cinnamon Muffin
4	4.0 StarsSMOKED SALMON SANDWICH why are you so delicious? With your caper dill cream cheese, daikon sprouts, red onions, and sliced hard boiled eggs you are one sexy, tasty sandwich that I couldn't put down. A drug perhaps? How can I be addicted to a sandwich?It must have been your buttery smoked salmon pieces between the soft, pillowy bread that made my taste buds dance with joy.It's okay, I'll ignore your $9.95 price tag because you're worth every cent!== A MUST TRY! ==
2	This place is expensive and not really that good. I'm not sure why the reviews are so good, maybe people are eating pastries while drunk or after winning lots of money?Shared- - almond croissant- this was super sweet and kinda soggy- nutella brioche- probably the best thing we had, but small and kinda dry- vegetable quiche- just ok- 2 "large" coffee ~ tall coffees at starbucks$26 total which to me was kinda a lot for what we got, but I suppose it confirms the theory that everything in Vegas is overpriced. Anyways, if you are staying in Aria, its not a bad place to go for some pastries but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4	I am not much of a sweets person, but I had a hard time not freaking out over everything in the case at JPP. Nutella brioche? Tiny tarts and macaroons? Fabulous. The almond croissant was a wonderful start to each day we stayed at the Aria. The thing that really sealed my never ending love of JPP was the Gourmet to Go takeaway option. For $19.99, you get a delish salad (cobb rocks, fyi), a giant sandwich (veggie is fab) and a desert of your choice, all packed in a travel, headed-to-the-airport friendly box, complete with utensils and napkins. I am so very thankful to have been able to skip the nasty over price options at the airport or on the airplane. JPP loses one star for lack of adequate seating and on our last visit, the eating area had overflowing trash receptacles and table tops and counters that could have used a good wipe down.
3	WOW!  that long line in the morning around 10:00AMish.  Because of the long line, we just grabbed an most delicious Almond Croissant EVER!One afternoon we got a pretty expensive Iced Latte and a wrapped up brownie which was baked that day.  Both were yummy, but nothing special.I was told that the other pastries were REALLY good - so next time, we'll be sure to try the Gelato and Napoleon.  Of course, it it wasn't so pricey, I might be more of a fan.  Everything is just so PRETTY! PS - there is another Jean Philippe at the Bellagio and they have an awesome chocolate fountain display worth checking out. =)
5	Dear Mr. Jean Philippe Maury, you are a genius!  Seriously, can you please set up a patisserie in my house???  I would be FOREVER grateful.  I would also probably be well over 500 lbs :x.  But!  I would always have my sweet-tooth cravings settled because of you!The Nutella Brioche is pure HEAVEN.  Sweet brioche bread (about the size of a tall cupcake) with Nutella in the middle.  And not just a smidge of Nutella either - more like a globful of Nutella!  It was pure decadence in my mouth.Mascarpone truffles.  Need I say more??!  So rich, creamy, and indulgent.  Just the right combination of sweetened mascarpone cheese filling and fruit filling.  We bought each flavor.  I can't recall all of the fruit flavors, but there was raspberry, orange, blueberry, and lemon to name a few.Other must-try chocolates are the orange marzipan, the crispy chocolate, and the tiramisu.  I think those flavors are square-shaped, unlike the mascarpone truffles.Also, try the World Champion Cookies.  They come in a box of 8 cookies and may be dubbed "Praline cookies".  They are rich in hazelnut flavor and topped with milk chocolate - yummy!J.P.P. also has a good selection of gelato as well as decadent pastries and desserts.  Even if you don't like desserts, just check the place out for the culinary artistry.  It is over-the-top eye candy!I will for sure be coming back!
4	Love love love their desserts! I can eat their desserts everyday if they weren't that pricey. I've tried their raspberry macaroon and carrot cake. They were absolutely TO DIE FOR. They were tasty yet still light. I'd definitely go back every now and then when I need a treat! Their coffee/latte are pretty pricey too, expect at least 4 bucks for a cup of hot latte. The only negative thing about this place is the staff aren't that friendly and for the price you pay for the desserts, I expect full service than self-serve.
4	if there's ever such thing as TOO MANY CHOICES FOR DESSERT, you'll find it at Jean Phillipe Patisserie @ the Aria!!they have eeeeeverything from cookies to pastries to ice cream to candy to chocolate to cake to coffee .... just go overload your eyes for yourself!!with NO SURPRISE, i couldn't decide & asked a worker for the ONE dessert  i had to try & she suggested the dark chocolate mousse because you can finish it w/o it becoming too sweet!it was definitely a good dessert but ten bucks for such a small dessert is just outrageous!!! which brings me to give jean 3.5 stars!!
3	Left line is for gelato, sorbe, coffee, and crepe. Right line is for sandwiches. Ordered the Royal Crepe, Berry Crepe, Panini Ham and Smoked Salmon sandwiches. Berry Crepe is great as expected, fresh and tasty. Royal Crepe is made with a prepackaged contents nukes by microwave, quite nasty. Panini and Smoked Salmon are both good but doesn't have that 'omg' factor that justified for the price and the long line.
4	Jean Phillips is in a secluded part of the ballegio  hotel. It's is a crepe and dessert/ chocolate dig.  It is pricey but they make everything right in front of you and they do a great job. While others are getting filled on buffets and trendy restaurants, I suggest you spend a few more bucks to enjoy this place and it's  fantastic food. It is a very small place  only enough room for you to  get in line and get your food and step out. There is seating along the wall but sitting usually causes more congestion than just getting your stuff and sitting nearby.
3	I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party this weekend. We stayed at the Aria and this Patisserie was located right by the elevators so it became our go-to spot if we wanted to grab a bite to eat.They have Salads, Sandwiches, Coffee/Tea, Pastries, etc. I had their Ham and Cheese sandwich for dinner one evening as well as their Chocolate Croissant for breakfast one morning. The Sandwich had very fresh ingredients and I loved the bread, it wasn't your typical sandwich bread. They were small, long rolls. My cousin and I were able to finally try the Chocolate Croissant on our last day there; she had been eyeing it from the first day we checked in. The Croissant was fluffy and buttery and the chocolate was decadent.They have lots of seating but we always brought back our food to our rooms. Minus 2 stars for their expensive prices and staff; they weren't very friendly.
3	between checking in at aria, racing to buy ka tix close by, and having to get ready, we didn't have much time to grab a proper dinner.. we stopped by here to grab a bite before heading up to the room to get ready for the night.. picked up..-basil aioli panini: nothing special and took forever to get our order and there was no line! i didn't it was worth $12-gelato: pistachio, creme brulee, passionfruit sorbet.. good but not great..the chocolates and other desserts looked enticing.. i was struggling to stop staring at them while waiting for the panini so i have to go back and try a few of them next time..
3	Located inside Aria right by the guest hotel elevators. It stands out against the darkness of the casino and is visually appealing with its bright lights and array of colorful sweets and pastries.Me and the galpals decided to get breakfast here before heading to our cabana by the pool.  The line was a little long, but that was mostly due to people standing around admiring all the colorful treats on display.  You place your order at the counter and then wait for your number to be called to pick it up.  I ordered the smoked salmon sandwich: cream cheese, hardboiled egg, sprouts, and red onion all on a baguette.  YUM-O!  The cost of the sandwich was $9.50...normal for Vegas standards.Seating is extremely limited so if you're a big group expecting to find seats together, it'd probably be easier to take it all back to your hotel room upstairs and eat there. Luckily we found enough scattered seats so we could enjoy the food.
3	A few friends and I tried the one in Aria on August 15, 2011. This place has a wide selection of chocolates, crepes, pastries and salads.I tried the passion fruit crepe and it was good. I liked the coconut sorbet more than the crepe itself lol.The desserts here are for sweet tooth lovers, but the price is more expensive than other dessert places/crepes. We did walk by the one in Bellagio and it looked a bit bigger. The chocolate fountain was literally eye candy haha.3 stars based on the prices, long wait (one person making crepes and the cashier watching??), and most important customer service could have been better.This is Vegas... you got to pay to play.
4	Pricey pricey pricey this place is. For a cup of geleto is $5.75. They have selections of choclates, crepes, pastries, and salads that looks like an artful garden in a circle container. Stay away from the fruit salad that cost around $7.00 bucks forget that it's a rip off. They have good take home food gifts to give out. I suggest don't try and buy the chocolate home due to the heat outside unless you have something cold with you to keep the chocolate solid. Otherwise it will melt in the Vega's heat. Trust me on this.
4	A night of partying needs proper hangover food.  Food like greasy fries and pancakes and fried chicken to fill you back up and feeling re-energized. Jean Philippe Patisserie is definitely not that place.  The food here is delectable and more deserving of a stomach that has not been recently ravished by rum or red bull vodkas. This place has huge selections of desserts, well made treats, crepes, coffee, paninis and more. I stayed at Aria during my last trip to Vegas and Jean Philippe Patisserie was right off the room elevators.  This makes it tempting to grab a quick treat right before heading to your room.  The sandwiches are good but very heavy/buttery as typical French food is.  I had the Tandoori panini with a side salad.  Although it tasted excellent, I was feeling really heavy/full afterwards. The coffee is soso.. there's a Starbucks (or two) in Monte Carlo - better coffee is served there.  However the desserts are incredible.  I did not order any dessert myself but I did have a bite of a friend's chocolate tart-looking thing.  Looking back I wished I had ordered something for myself as well.  The prices are high but that's typical for anything inside a large Vegas casino.
5	I'm in HEAVEN!!!!!The most delicious pastry shop I have ever been too! They had so much to choose from ranging from sweet to savory!We stayed at the Aria Hotel for 3 nights and you best believe we got a little treat from here everyday. We even brought some home with us.The Nutella Brioche and Dulce De Leche Brioche were FANTASTIC!The Key Lime Tart was amazingly good as well.Even the salads and gourmet sandwiches they make are great!Mmmmm.....my sweet tooth craving is kicking in!
4	4.0 StarsSMOKED SALMON SANDWICH why are you so delicious?With your caper dill cream cheese, daikon sprouts, red onions, and sliced hard boiled eggs you are one sexy, tasty sandwich that I couldn't put down.A drug perhaps? How can I be addicted to a sandwich?It must have been your buttery smoked salmon pieces between the soft, pillowy brioche bread that made my taste buds dance with joy.It's okay, I'll ignore your $10.15 price tag (wait, did they increase the price?) because you're worth every cent!FYI: Be sure to check out the amazing chocolate fountain that holds a Guiness World Record at this location.== A MUST TRY! ==
5	I always make this a MUST stop during my trip and I have been known to come here more than once on the same day.Everything is great about this place. Sure it's a little pricey but it's not Dunkin Donuts. I especially love the Tiramisu and their delicious Hot Chocolate!Now with their second location there are 2 reasons to visit Vegas again! YAY!
4	The chocolate waterfall is something of a photo-op for tourists. I enjoy their nutella crepe with added banana slices... yummm just thinking about it! Last time I went here a friend was looking for something more savory so she ordered and we shared the turkey croissant. Sad to say they just pull their sandwiches out of a fridge but I must say I enjoyed it. The croissant was buttery and flakey and all things it should be :) Of course prices are a bit high due to its location in a fabulous casino right on the strip. Last but not least there is not much seating so first come first serve.
4	Such a delicious place, but visually and "get in mah belly!"-ly. Wonderful breakfast/brunch place, and great snack place as well. Pastries, desserts, and savory crepes all day!Forest crepe: Order it with a sunny side up egg and it's really pretty! Also amazing and tasty...cheese and other goodies in every bite! Wasn't big on the salad dressing, but I didn't order the crepe for the veggies! Breakfast ham and cheese sandwich: Something like that. It had a whole egg inside, which was cool to look at and also delicious. Wish the egg actually spread to the whole sandwich instead of just the middle, but still good.Fruit parfait: There's this crust separating the fruit from the greek yogurt which reminds me of a soggy (but delicious) crumble. It was actually very good and different from most other parfaits!White chocolate mocha: Very sweet, but you can definitely taste the white chocolate with just the teensiest hint of coffee! Great for white chocolate lovers!Chocolate crepe with oreo gelato: The crepe was not bad, but OH MY THAT GELATO! Delicous! I had never had such good oreo gelato OR ice cream OR yogurt! AHHHH SO YUMMY! Each bite was like eating 7 oreos as it was so full of flavor and the texture was smooth and creamy and oh man. I need to stop before I drool. But yes, try the oreo gelato. You won't regret it!Jean Philippe, I love you so!
5	Anyone with a sweet tooth should come here! We loved the food here. We came here for breakfast and had:Chocolate croissantChocolate crepeHazelnut crepeDulce de leche crepeThey were all wonderful. Just know that everything is really rich and filling, so you won't feel like eating anything sweet for the rest of the day, lol. The staff are really nice and keep the long line moving along pretty quickly.
3	Overpriced and hyped but they has this pistachio nougat that I have only ever had in France.  It tasted sooooo good! Worth the $10.50.
4	4.5 stars. So, we are walking around Aria trying to figure out where to eat, and lo and behold, this patisserie is right in front of us with tons of delicious treats. Many kinds of gelato offered for $4.75 for one scoop. There are also many different kinds of chocolates and truffles for purchase. I adored the banana milk chocolate (chocolate and banana are my favorite flavor combination)... so good. You can buy boxes of chocolates or buy the chocolates a la carte for $2/piece. There are rows and rows of delicious pastries and desserts, all of which looked beautiful, but we never got a chance to try them, because we got full from our sandwiches and wanted to save room for dinch (the meal in between lunch and dinner) later. Here's what my husband and I had:- Chicken tandoori sandwich: Really good with moist chicken and light sauce on ciabatta bread with tomatoes and cucumber slices- Chicken basil aioli: Delicious moist chicken with a sweet (almost too sweet) basil aioli, provolone, tomatoes, and basil on ciabatta bread. The wait is kind of long -- you have to wait to pay, and it's painful having to look at all those delicious desserts while waiting. The wait to "make" the sandwiches also took a while. My husband kind of wanted a roast beef sandwich, but he didn't want it cold and asked if they could warm it for him, but they said they could only microwave the sandwich. LAME. This is a delicious place; I can't wait to come back sometime to eat more food here. Everything from the sandwiches to the chocolates to the gelato is pretty expensive for what it is, so be prepared to fork it over.
5	ask me if i care if this place is overpriced? i don't. it's vegas. expect it. i'm so glad JPP was right next to the guest elevators. it was super conv. for me. and they didn't close til midnight. the dessert selection is endless! see the pics i uploaded. i tried a savory crepe and it was ehhhh. a bit gross. but whatever. i'm such a sweets person, idk why i didn't order a dessert crepe. drunk much? maybe. haha. anyway, i though the latte's i ordered every morning were spectacular. it totally healed me from my hangovers. lol. anyway, i can't wait to come back and stuff my face with more desserts! btw, most of the workers there were really friendly. it's possible they started remembering my face with my 2/3 visits per day. :)
4	As one of my final stops in Vegas, I dropped by Jean Philippe for a pastry, before heading out to the airport. After much deliberation, I selected a rose macaroon out of the many delicious-looking petit fours on display. The macaroon was pricey (six-plus dollars) but it was very good. A worthy extravagance, in a town with many that are unworthy. While Jean Philippe offers all sorts of sweets, I probably would stick to the pastries, which is what they know best. This place is definitely worth a try if you happen to walk by.
5	Hello? Hello!!!!Fatass here.Yeah I stayed at the Aria and ate this everyday. And although I love sweets and croissants, the brioche is my favorite french pastry. I tried the nutella, the caramel... everything else was good too and the hot chocolate too. The parties and chocolates were all beautiful and the displays change and are seasonal. But nobody puts brioche in a corner.
5	Ok, I'll admit it, I have a weakness for almond croissants and other fancy little desserts, but Jean Philippe Patisserie surpassed my expectations! It was a fab way to start off the day and then the airplane meal package was amazing!
4	This place is a great stop for something sweet! It can be a bit pricey, but it satisfies the taste buds!! The gelato is delicious, but my favorite thing to get is the crepes! The bananas foster crepe and the nutella crepe are delicious! :)
4	I wasn't allowed to eat any sweets...especially the weekend that we came here but you know what? EFF THAT! I'ma indulge! Especially if it's a bakery that's open LATE! Whoo hoo! Thumbs up baby!!This is one fancy pantsy bakery located in the beautiful Aria. I hear the original one with the chocolate fountain gets way more packed, thank god I didn't go to that one...I'm not a fan of WAITING, especially for sweet, decadent treats!I ordered myself the Nutella filled Brioche Bread and split that in 1/2 with IFBB Pro Frankly Shredded. He split his delicious Almond Bear Claw in 1/2 with me too. So we shared. :) Oh! The SBBF had a sugar free blueberry muffin and he only ate 1/2 of that and gave the other 1/2 to Franky & I. Yes, we're fitness fanatics with the sweetest TEEF eva!My fave outta all 3 was the Almond Bear Claw fo sheezy. I liked the Nutella Brioche Bread but...there was just something about that bear claw...making me wanna claw my way back to Vegas and order a dozen of those!
4	I'll be back.  I can only give it 4 stars because we only had one item from here.  My review might change upon a revisit.  Awesome place to get some sugar in you and people watch for a little bit.  Had the mousse.
5	Jean Philippe's Patisserie is a place where passionate art meets fine, sweet delicacies. I love sweets... I love chocolate. I love macarons. Every time I step into the patisserie I stand in awe in front of the glass shelf of desserts. Suddenly the camera zooms out.. everyone's gone. The desserts and I are in an infinitely white room and suddenly I'm tiny compared to the delicious macarons, fruit tarts, and cheesecakes.. THEY'RE ALL MINE! Then reality hits.. "that'd be $7.95 please". At least I can take my ginormous macaron and dream on again in my room... They look so finely put together that it hurts to eat them, but once the taste buds get a slight taste.. it's heaven on Earth! Then I'm stuck in this dilemma where it hurts to cut up my delicious sweets but it tastes so good.. WHY!?!
4	Excellent panini! I recommend the prosciutto and tuna melt- delicious and super satisfying. There's usually a line, but it goes through quickly. Price is reasonable.
3	I came here for breakfast the other day.  This rating is for the breakfast and not the desserts.Price is quite high $12 for panini.  Order Priscuitto Panni- It was alright.  Nothing very fancy.  COmbination of cheese, meat and veggie was good.  However, bread was hard.  Given the price, I expected more.Chicken Panini- Same as above.Vegetable Quiche- Decent.  Tasty.. Good combination and it taste good.  Again for the price of $10, i think its abit lacking.  Had the coffee.  The coffee won my heart.  They use good beans with awesome machines.If you dont mind the 30 min of line and then another 20 minute for food, id say this place is alright for your breakfast.
5	Best croissant ive ever eaten and the proccuto pannini as well as the breakfast panini are fantastic.  The breakfast panini was built very nicely with two pieces of good quality bread on the outside and a piece on the inside.  In between the breads there was melted cheese and ham, and in the middle layed a hard boiled egg with the bread cutt around it as not to disturb the rest of the sandwich. for a quick cheap meal.  Located right off of the casino floor you wont have to go far to fill your stomach.
5	the Nutella Brioche is nothing short of resplendent. I had to pause various times to ensure I was savouring it properly. The almond croissant was also very good and quite frankly left me impressed with the quality of Las Vegas pastries. While i do not dare say they rival numerous Patisseries in Paris they do a great job. The raspberry macaron was also delicious. I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. The only note of caution i would share is that everything here is expensive. $4+ for a croissant or $10+ for a crepe is very steep, so hopefully you did well at the slot machine the night before... The chocolate fountain (more like waterfall) is free to look at however..
1	For the prices this place charges, you would think they know customer service. They do not. They are rude, dont know how to make a coffee beverage properly, and have the most inefficient ordering system. You just stand and order wherever you choose to cut in line, pay, then stand off on the side waiting for your overpriced dessert or drink. All the while being looked at and treated like you are not worthy of JP.  I saw two other families waiting for their orders, get wrong items, missing items, and not a single apology came from the JP employee drone. Completely ruins the nice desserts they do have prepared.
5	It's only fitting for two world-class Five Diamond resorts to have their own World Pastry Champion. Nestled in the Aria Las Vegas and the Bellagio is Jean Philippe Patisserie. The artistic genius of Chef Jean-Philippe Maury is displayed daily at Las Vegas' first truly European-style pastry shops. You'll be welcomed into this imaginative display by a breathtaking chocolate fountain and large elegant designer cakes. Pastries, desserts, and snacks include carefully crafted chocolates, cookies, freshly made crepes, salads, sandwiches and delicious drinks. This is my favorite dessert place in all of Las Vegas. Be sure to try one of the fresh made crepes made to your order. It truly is a luscious experience that just can't be missed.
4	there are few places where you just want to try EVERY SINGLE ITEM and Jean Philippe is that kind of store.every item is carefully made with extreme professionalism.I've had a palmier, almond croissant, gelato and chocolate covered strawberry and can't think of a flaw in any of these items.lines can be a bit long and prices aren't what you are used to for pastries but it's a must-stop visit while in Vegas.Their chocolate fountain is cool (tallest fountain in the world) but not worth wasting time staring at it.  Just eat everything in the store and leave.
2	I have eaten here at Jean Philippe three times. The first two times were pretty good (hence the 2 stars), but this last time (tonight October 8, 2011) was just awful. My friend and I both had the Banana Foster sweet crepe. The crepe itself was cold and the topping was bad. I don't just mean, "bad" I mean it was spoiled caramel banana topping. Yuck! We brought both of them up to the woman at the counter and she was extremely rude. She didn't apologize and, in fact, she told us they were supposed to taste like that because they were "caramelized." now, I did attend culinary school and graduated a chef and I know what caramelized is. This was wretched. They refunded our money, but we never heard an apology or got an ounce of sympathy (or even interest). So... That was our experience, for what it's worth!
5	Wow...Wow...Wow...Gentlemen... if you want to see a girl get really, really excited without buying her something that sparkles, this is where you take her.Presentation: AMAZINGTaste: Formidable. Surprising. Well balanced.Price: Fair, especially for the quality of food you are receiving. A heavenly culinary experience - I would say that everyone should experience this place at least once in their lifetime.Bravo....
4	I have found my favorite dessert in the whole wide world and it's the vanilla flan at JP.  There are so many to choose from but I can't get anything else, gotta have my flan.  I would give it 5 stars but the service could be a little better and organized.  Be prepared to wait 10 -15 mins for your food and don't be surprised when your panini comes out luke warm.
4	This is conveniently located by the hotel guest elevators at Aria.  Around the area it smells fantastic and if you follow your nose you'll even be more roped in by the pretty and delectable looking goodies in the windows.The sandwiches were pretty good, but I've never had Key Lime Tart quite like that.  SO. Yummy.I picked up some really nice thank-you gifts for our friends who watched our doggies & our parents who watched the kids while away.  And of course, some treats to enjoy at home.  :)
4	The cascading chocolate fountains are mesmerizing.  I probably stared at it for a good 5-10 minutes, eyes wide, in amazement and awe.  ...and about 3 feet away the Huzbeau had the same expression, but he was looking at the Crepes menu - lol.  We were thinking, does it really taste as good as it looks?We ordered a crepe with strawberries, vanilla gelato, topped with whipped cream and a gooooood drizzling of chocolate sauce.  Oh YEAH.  It was good.  Pricey, but good.
5	I'll be honest. This place is one of the reasons I came to Vegas this early fall. My biggest sin is gluttony. The Rose Macaroon had me die and go to heaven. It was as big as my hand (vs. those bite size ones). The cream in the middle not only had vanilla bean but was rose scented. This is now a must stop for me in my future Vegas trips.
4	Like the other JPP in the Bellagio, the pastry is undoubtedly gorgeous and awe inspiring.  The pastries look like little works of art.  This location doesn't have the record-breaking chocolate waterfall, but I feel is more spacious and modern, easier to access when there's no tourists crowding around the waterfall. The paninis are beautiful, but you can tell the lettuce gets soggy and the tomatoes do too when they're sitting in a case, waiting to be pressed.  Same with the salads.  So, so beautifully composed, but again, like the supermarket, have been sitting in their little plastic clamshell containers for hours. Don't get me wrong.  The desserts are tasty-- the crepes delectable and fresh, the pastries, attractive.  But sometimes, you can tell they've been sitting out awhile.  The fruit tarts had fruits that started to soften below their clear glaze.  The pastry crusts slightly chewy, not crisp. Overall, it's more of an experience than anything.  For $6.90+ tax for a tiny two-bite pastry is a bit over the top...but again, you're in Vegas, and somebody's gotta pay for the extravagance.
3	Delicious pastries but whatch out for the employees! Your order will be messed up!
5	Best pastries in Las Vegas and our favorite patisserie in the USA. In addition to pastries, the smoked salmon sandwich is excellent.
3	Wow....beautiful desserts.  When u eat them, it's like uhh....huh... not so wow.  Definitely gives them a thumbs up on the presentation, it definitely made my mouth watering.  Tasting part? Failed.
3	Not really getting all the hype here. The store is pretty and offers tons of eye candy but when you actually taste the stuff it's pretty average. We waited in line and sampled a couple ice creams and then purchased an ice cream and a little carrot cake. The cake was mostly cream cheese frosting. It was very fancy and lovely to look at, but the frosting to cake ratio made it really hard to enjoy. The ice cream was good, but nothing spectacular. Overall everything was decent tasting and very expensive. I wouldn't bother coming back with all the other pastry shops in Vegas .
4	vegetarian quiche was great. It's Vegas! I wanted to indulge a little more in their muffins, crepes, etc.
3	Saw both locations of this. I have to say that the Chocolate Fountain in the one in the Bellagio is awesome. Who doesn't want to just stick their head in there? I only tried one thing from the location in the Aria and that was a Pain au Chocolate. It wasn't too bad. It was extremely crispy on the outside, like the kind that is so brittle that big pieces sort of shatter off, not the nice, light flaking you get with others. However, it was nice and buttery and had plenty of chocolate in it. I was pleasantly surprised. I am usually disappointed by most croissants, but this was pretty good.
3	I am impressed but not impressed by this Patisserie.  I am glad there is a quick breakfast place in the Aria.  Sometimes you are just not in the mood for a huge meal.  My friend and I had the apple muffin and the croissant.  The apple muffin was moist and had chunks of apple in it, but it just didn't knock my socks off, the croissant was a bit of a mess to eat.  A thick honey glaze made up the top of the pastry and almost made it too sweet to eat.  The lattes are pretty good here, but a little on the expensive side.  For two people, expect to spend right around $25 to $40 depending on what you are getting.
4	I'm a regular! Yes indeed... every time I go to Vegas, I make a stop or two or three at Jean Philippe. And now I have 2 locations to choose from! I always order a berry crepe. Most of the time I order one of their fancy schmancy pastries as well. Those pastries are so pretty sometimes, I feel bad for eating them!!! Good thing that feeling only lasts for a second, because the second I take a bite, I forget how pretty they are and focus on how yummy they are.Definitely worth the trip here. Minus one star for the prices. Yes, I get that their leases are astronomical, but my paycheck is not.
4	The bad thing about staying at the Aria is you have to pass by this sweet joint to get to your room. How can one resist? Anyway I ordered the chocolate croissant and quiche lorraine. The croissant was extraordinary! This is not your corner deli, flat bread type of croissant. It's crispy and reminded me of being in Paris. Make sure to finish your dessert off with a strong iced cafe au lait.
5	Everything is outstanding.  Eye candy for hours literally... Breakfast, lunch and dessert... It's all good.   Jean phillippe and one of the other pastry chef team members came out to grab lunch while we were enjoying our Crepes with a perfect view of the decadent pastry case.
4	Went to JPP this morning for breakfast. Stood in line and ordered our food, then realized they had more baked goods (which I didn't see on the menu board) further down the line. I had the ham/cheese croissant, which was flaky and cheesy, so very good. My wife had the spinach quiche which she found pretty bland. Had a freshly squeezed orange juice and a cappuccino as well, total ended up around $40 which is fairly steep for breakfast. I guess we pay for the convenience, being right beside the guest elevators. Despite the cost I'll probably still stop by again before we leave to try another one of their croissants.
5	I have made it a tradition where every time I come to Vegas, I have to stop by Jean Philippe Patisserie in Aria and get a ham and cheese croissant. BEST Croissant EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! YUM YUM! Everything is super pricey but it's Vegas and so worth it! My friends got some sandwiches, I forgot which ones but they were extremely tasteful too! Only sucky part was after you make your order the area for pick up is pretty tight. You gotta push and shove your way through a little, but that won't make me bring 1 star down! :)
3	Had breakfast here one morning. Jean Philippe Patisserie is located inside the Aria Hotel & Casino.Ordered the Quiche Lorraine, a small cup of coffee, and a bottle of water. The place was very busy, so it took about 7 minutes after ordering to receive my food.The Quiche had good flavor. Unfortunately, it was only luke warm. It would have been much better if the food were actually hot.They offer a lot of baked good options for breakfast, as well as a few breakfast sandwiches.
2	This is an overrated tourist trap.  There were too many people simply standing around looking at the chocolate fountain and  looking at the food taking pictures but not ordering.After finally getting though the line after 15 minutes, I ordered the Opera tart.  It looked delicious but was just mediocre in taste.  I didn't even finish it which is rare, since I love chocolate pastries.  Maybe they were having an off day.  I prefer Payard.
4	Tried 2 desserts.  The Snickers cake is really great, very rich.  The pumpkin tart was very good too but go for the cake!   Minus 1 star for price, $15 total :(
3	Solid 3 stars.Boo, I had such high expectation for this place, but it was just "alright.." I don't mind paying premium price for good/quality food, but Jean Philippe Patisserie will not be something I would come back to. I gotta give them credit for presentation though. Chocolate souffle crepe: 3/5Coconut gelato: 3/5Almond chocolate bar: 3/5
4	Super yummy desserts but soooo rich! I wish I'd ordered milk lol
5	The cocoa and cognac truffles were heavenly. I wish there was a store like this in L.A!
5	Some of the best desserts in Vegas, easy take out & perfect when you just need a few chocolates, crepe or amazing cakes.
5	This location is so much easier than the Bellagio location, when you get dropped off @ the Aria taxi stand, write inside that foyer to the right is Jean's counter.  There's so much you can get there & you'll never be dissapointed.  There's a ton of stuff that is prepackaged but I love picking a few chocolates and a cake, super easy & always fantastic.
4	Mouth. Melting. Delicious.
5	Their pastries were awesome! However, I hated the line and their management. No place to sit, but even if you found a spot it's so uncomfortable because it's crowded. Just grabbed your goodies and walk out to the right you will see lots of tables in the open space and enjoy. Whoever design this bakery didn't think about walking room. But it was cool to see the largest chocolate fountain. I wasn't impressed, but it's the largest. Their almond croissant is a must get! Crepes were okay, nothing special. Stick with the pastries! Can't go wrong with pastries... yum!
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent. Everything here is delicious and immaculate. The prices are expensive but that's to be expected for it being in a hotel. The prosciutto panini is SO addicting. Get it and you won't be sorry--you'll be tempted to buy 3 more. That sauce they add just takes it to a whole new level (sorry for the cliche superlatives--I'm a little tired).The desserts are great too but one thing I don't like is the amount of sugar in them. Now they are not the sweetest desserts I've ever had but they are borderline too sweet. From a restaurant that sounds French, that's kind of disturbing. France is all about butter and don't put that much sugar in desserts. Generally speaking a lot of desserts in the US are way too sweet.
5	One of the best Almond Croissants I've ever had in my life.  Flakey, buttery and almondy!
4	Sometimes, I get nervous that things that are TOO pretty won't taste as delicious as they look.  I wasn't disappointed either time at Jean Phillipe.  Their gelato is delightful.  Their lattes are scrumptious.  Their desserts are astoundingly beautiful and surprisingly priced around $6.  I had expected to pay more.  Everything is a bit pricey but it won't blow your budget and like I said, really seems low for the surroundings.  We sipped on some fancy seasonal lattes and dove into some chocolate mousse, crepes and something else.  I can't remember ... but I know there was chocolate and we thought it was pretty darn good as we licked what was left off our spoons.  We always take out of towners for a stroll by since it is absolutely beautiful and their is much to look at!  I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed if you indulge in a treat.
5	A MUST SEE for foodies.  There are two Jean Phillippe Patisseries.  One in the Bellagio and this one in the back of the Aria.  You'll know you're close to it when you run into hoards of tourists bumping into each other because they are walking around with their cameras in front of them.   Imagine what would happen if Disneyland imagineers decided to get  into the baking business...this would be the result.  Amazing fondant enrobed cakes in brilliant colors twirling around on tall sparkling chrome vines.  Brightly lit display cases filled with row after row of (fill in a superlative here) desserts.  First off this patisserie is an assault on the eyes.  Eye popping cake displays of Alice In Wonderland colors and movement.  If you eat with your eyes you'll be full before you get within four feet of the counter.  Once there you will be dazzled with art gallery-like pastries and chocolate desserts.  Diabetics must curse Jean Philippe as they load up their syringes for a suicide mission to the dessert counter.  I am a type II diabetic, but damned if I was going to be denied.  I choose a round chocolate morsel that resembled a chocolate dipped apple.  Even though it was only the size of a plum it satisfied the appetite of three people.  Devastatingly rich chocolate layers of mousse, caramel, ganache and nuts with I'm sure a good dose of butter and egg yolks folded inside.  So worth it for $7.  Actually, it was very cheap for what I got.I will be back!
4	The choices at Jean Philippe Patisserie are very overwhelming making for freeze-brain and therefore no choice at all when trying to figure out what to snack on.  This is a good problem to have.Their coffee is wonderful!  This was my morning staple on my past visit to Vegas since I was staying at Aria.  At $4 you will pay about what you are paying at your local Starbucks which is sad but still tasty.They literally have everything from cookies, pastries, gelato, chocolate, nuts and even hot food.  The prices are high but if you sample small you will watch calories and your wallet.
4	Things here are priced a bit higher than your average place but given that it's a brand name, and we're in Vegas, they try to justify it. Gelato was delicious! I had the chocolate one and the pricing was fairly reasonable for a gelato place on the strip. Macaron wise, I'd still give the crown to Bouchon. Great place to stop in for a quick snack to satisfy the sweet tooth! Seating here is better than the Bellagio location.
4	No this place does not get my five stars.Between two girls, we got:Red velvet cake- TOO MOIST, where's the cake, the density?!Tiramisu- Decent, but definitely had better onesCreme brulee- Where's my caramelized topping, and white chocolate in creme brulee...Since when?? Nutella Brioche- This was good! my only recommendation was to serve it warm, then it would have been heavenly!one chai latte- DELICIOUS- THE REASON WHY I GAVE THIS PLACE FOUR and not three!one cappuccino for 37 dollarsExpensive for an overhyped place. Either I made the wrong choices or it did not live up to the hype that day.
4	Gorgeous cakes and pastries!!  They also have gelato and sweet crepes.  99.99% of females with a sweet tooth must love this place!!enough said.
5	This girl has a sweet tooth and this place my friend was heaven.  I visited twice in one day and wasn't disappointed!  The first time I had a dark chocolate mint truffle and then I had a nutella brioche...AMAZING!  Not overly priced either.  It was in a great part of the Aria to just chill out, people watch, listen to music and enjoy great eats.
5	This place is a must-visit for foodies and lovers of sweets who visit LV.  I stayed at the ARIA the last time I was in town for MAGIC and as soon as I saw this place, I knew where all my money would end up!  First off, the place is adorable -- they have cakes and macaron towers on pedestal as decor.  On one side they have all of the "opera" style desserts, and these mini desserts are works of art.  They taste just as good as they look.  Of course, the raspberry macaron is a must, but the tutti frutti is divine as well.  They also have salads and sandwhiches, which are quite yummy as well.In the middle is a coffee bar and a candy gift shop, with chocolates, marshmellows, etc.  And on the other side of that they have a gelato and crepe bar.  It doesn't get anymore perfect than that!The only thing that didn't impress me was the service at one point.  I asked for a macaron and they gave me a fruit tart (and I HATE fruit tarts), and the manager was pretty rude when I went back and asked to exchange it.  However, I'm giving them 5-stars anyways because I'd be lying if I said I would never go back!
4	Definitely a place we always stop by when we are in town.  I like this location better than the one at Aria even though it is busier.  Love the chocolate pastries and the crepes here.  The service is always good.  The displays are eye catching and the chocolate fondue waterfall makes you crave for chocolate.Service: 5Food: 4Price: 3.5Atmosphere: 4
4	Two words. NUTELLA BRIOCHE. The best dessert I've ever tasted hands down, a must try! I had breakfast here most of the time, just because it was so convenient and much cheaper than anywhere else in the resort. There was so many things to choose from, crepes, salads, sandwiches, gelato, pastries, etc. This place has your sweet tooth going!VERY GOOD: mango gelato, cookies and cream gelato, vanilla gelato, NUTELLA BROCHE, tuna melt sandwich, crepes, breakfast sandwiches, french vanilla iced coffee, fresh orange juiceNot so good: the creme brulee, flan, raspberry rose cream macaroon -- these desserts take off a star for me. LOOKED soo good, tasted so not.Everything is pricy BUT cheaper than any other places in the Aria Resort.
4	I came here for a breakfast sandwich so I ordered a hot ham and cheese...... It was an O M G moment when I had my first bite. It was absolutely delicious and it was so comforting. Every bite just warmed my soul. I've tried a couple of their desserts. They look amazing and they taste great. This is a repeat place! =)
4	I usually order the Mixed Berries w/nutella & chocolate on top w/their Cheesecake gelato on the side. It's awesome! The crepe is good for 2 ppl. It's a good size portion. I think for both the gelato and crepe together is around $13-14. It is pricey but it's really good.
4	I was thirsty and wanted something cold and non alcoholic.  I had an excellent but sort of pricey iced mocha.  I am glad I am not easily tempted by some of the other treats I saw as I could easily have ordered a whole bag of stuff.
3	We stayed at the Aria and this was convenient for breakfast.  The pastries are worth the money but they should invest into better coffee.  Here's my list of breakfast pastries and I've listed the better tasting ones first.1)  breakfast panini2)  sugar brioche3)  chocolate croissant4)  Cinnamon roll
4	It was the desserts that lured me to this place.  The colors, the smells, the gorgeous displays...they were all calling my name.  "Mel...Mel...come spend buckets of money here."  Desserts-good, not great.  They were pretty and priced pretty as well.  But it was the sandwiches that kept us coming back for more.  Sure, they were priced more than the usual panini, but given the convenient location and add on a scoop of gelato, and we were willing to drop the cash on this place.  Tandoori chicken panini is my all time favorite.  Chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, and a light curry sauce, this sammie will hit the spot any time of the day.  Roast beef- piled high with rare meat and topped with horseradish with some kick, this was the hb's fav.  Croque monsieur-standard recipe, good breakfast alternative.  Sandwich trio-for those who don't want to choose just one. Smaller versions of 3 classic flavors.  You may end up paying as much as you would at the buffet, but at midnight, this place may fit the bill.
1	The desserts were good overall. And I had a smoked salmon sandwich which was particularly memorable.But, now why the 1 star review. I will tell you. For some odd reason a friend suggested that I get him a coffee mug ( don't you love it when your friends have inexpensive tastes in gifts ). And viola, a few moments later I see this coffee mug at jp patisserie. It looked good ( a little too pretty for a guy, but he was gay anyway so it was fine ). I expected it to be priced more than 12$. So, I ended up buying two, one for myself. First use : The lid opening for drinking is leaky even when tightly closed. I thought i will be careful not to invert it or put it in a bag or something.second use :  The lid itself starts to leak rendering it completely useless, unless you want your coffee dripping all over you when you drink your coffee.and my friend who i gave this too, also had the same experience. seriously, Jean Philippe, I am pretty sure you guys figured out that this is a piece of crap. But, decided to price it cheap and sell it anyway, because you guys spent some insignificant amount on manufacturing it in china. On top of it, the mug says something like patent pending or some such nonsense. I hope you guys do get your patents for this proved to design. now, why 1 star ? cause I believe you have very little integrity with the quality of the products you will sell.
3	I had their gelato and thought it was good but nothing spectacular about it. I had better one before. Maybe I need to try out their pastry and sandwich the next time I am back. Overall, I will give this place another try.
5	Sadly, I did not get to try any of the storefront's works of pastry art; I only tried some of what they offered at the upstairs buffet, both located in the Aria Hotel.  I WANTED to try things from his shop, but we were, in part, in a rush to walk through some of the other numerous hotels on our way back to the Mirage, and we were, quite simply, full from our lunch at the buffet where I had just sampled some of Jean Phillipe's baking.  It was not the same as what is offered in his store, and the store pastries look far more tantalizing and delectable.  I wish I knew for sure.  In any event, I took some photographs to remind me of what I will make a beeline for the next trip to Vegas.  Not that my hips need to know, but who the hell cares when the pastries look like THIS !!!!
3	I asked for extra hot for my hot chocolate and it really wasn't that hot.  The bottom 5th of my cup was lumpy.  The Nutella Brioche was ok, not worth the calories.  Croissant was good (crispy, flaky but not warm...) and it's in typical monstrous American size (to justify the $4 price).
4	A must on every trip to Vegas and with one in the aria, maybe we'll go more often.
2	Too pricey for the level of the service they provide. The crepes are OK but are not worth waiting "an hour" for. we ordered 2 crepes and were told they would be ready in AN HOUR. We returned in 20 mins to check on our order and they had already boxed our crepes and they had become soggy and watery from being placed inside a to-go box while very hot. Not impressed at all.
2	It is with great regret that I issue 2 stars for this place.  I am tempted to place blame on myself for having an exceptionally dedicated taste for pastries but NO that is not the case.  As a prattle-some preamble [which qualities constitutes a preamble otherwise??] I must add that I went in with high expectations..... disappointment met me and geeze don't I wish it had let the door smack me on the ass on the way out, at least there would of been some pleasure derived from this two fold jaunt.  2 stars do not necessarily translate into a full on condemnation.  It was worth staggering tipsy through an Alice in Wonderland like lobby to find a standard eh eh pastry shop.  Presentation was fair but if you've been to Paris or some other magical  pastry shop in Western Europe then you will understand the quasi 'Americanized' little pastry shop they got going here.  At least for now I can say this one is checked of zList and iList.Had a Napoleon, smoothie and a box of chocolates to go.  Standard pastry shop prices aka get over it .... pastry princes and princesses understand the quaint sacrifices in this realm.
5	One of my favorite place in Las Vegas. It's a have to visit in my opinion, the coffee and pastries are to die for. It's not cheap, but a real indulgence!
5	Great cupcakes, clean area, live music (next door) and enough seating make this a fun place to chill early before going somewhere else.They do offer milk to drink if you like that instead of fancier drinks and make sure to grab a fork - these desserts are not for eating with your hands.Be aware that it's not cheap, but it is Vegas!
3	Their extravagant looking confections and pastries have a tendency to draw visitors in.  That was certainly the case several years ago when I visited their location inside the Bellagio.  This was the second time I've stopped at their newer location inside Aria, but this was the first time I purchased something.While my buddies were losing their hard earned wages on gaming devices and eye-candy dealers I decided to indulge in another sort of eye-candy taking a mid-day break here snapping photos of Christmas themed confections (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=DELXUM9BD2s0h4e37_gt5Q) and sitting down with an iced mocha (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=95AhWqWjCtxG36p8nBq7xg) and a slice of cake.I chose the Opera cake slice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=p5YuhVtND3noJCQ6mwU9tA) made up of liqueur-soaked sponge cake, coffee butter cream and chocolate ganache because it seemed like a safer selection than any of the other 20+ varieties of individual cakes, tarts, napoleons and mousses, and I really needed a shot of caffeine from staying up late the previous night and not catching up on my z's in the hours that passed.  I'm normally not a coffee drinker, but I do turn to it rather than to instant energy products.Maybe because my choice was safe, but the cake slice did not wow me at all.  The flavors all meshed together quite well, but there was no particular component to the dessert that gave it any "oomph."  This was just a sweet slice of cake with, really, nothing special to it.  The cocoa covered truffle that sat atop the cake had an unusually thick shell and the center wasn't as smooth and sensuous as some mass-produced truffles I've sampled.  I actually enjoyed the bitterness and cold from my iced mocha more than I did the cake.Maybe it was better this way.  Next time I'm in Las Vegas and I walk past their beautiful desserts I know to treat it like I treat other eye candy.  It's better not to sample no matter how delicious or tantalizing they seem to be!
5	SO DELICIOUS.  This place sells coffee, cold and hot sandwiches, salads, and various gorgeous pastries that rival Laduree in presentation and taste.I had a croque monsieur which was really delicious, albeit a bit small.  My friends and I split a cobb salad, which was good (your basic cobb).  The real standouts here are the pastries, which look freaking amazing (I uploaded some pics).  I ate the "Intense," which is a chocolate mousse covered in a dark chocolate ganache and topped with a little macaron.  The chocolate taste was very rich and dense, the mousse light and fluffy, and the macaron perfectly chewy.I want to eat here again.
5	Nutella brioche + Chocolate croissant = perfect petit dejeuner (small breakfast)The brioche at Jean Philippe is perfectly soft, buttery, and delicious with a beautiful nutella center that makes you quite childish and happy.  The chocolate croissant is wonderfully flaky and layered with what tastes and feels like hundreds of thin buttery and crispy sheets of pastry that is unlike any other croissant I have ever had (including France and Switzerland).  It is the umami version of texture...layered, airy, and crunchy glory!  Two or three wonderful pastries with some coffee/tea and have an indescribable experience here or you can go to a brunch buffet and stuff yourself silly with warmed food platters...choose wisely!
4	This is the most elegant patisserie I've ever seen.  It's not possible to walk by without noticing your mouth water and eyes widen.  The patisserie was right by the elevators to our room.  Given the beautiful pastries, gelato, salads & sandwiches coupled with the $50 dining voucher that accompanied our room reservations, my boyfriend and I caved in to the temptation.Day 1:  He had the tropical crepe with vanilla gelato.  WOW.  I had the almond croissant.  AMAZING.Day 2: He had the roast beef sandwich and I had the chicken caesar salad with sun-dried tomatoes.  I've never had sun-dried tomatoes in my caesar before.  It was good. Warning: VERY EXPENSIVE! (but worth it)I am craving the croissant right now.  *sigh*
3	***I do not think the pastries and desserts at Aria's Jean Philippe Patisserie are worth the high prices, but it still one to consider if you are on the hunt for fancy-looking desserts (I haven't loved anything here yet, but there are some good items)***Aria's Jean Philippe Patisserie has a very attractive display of pastries and individual desserts.  Located right next to the casino, this stand is very versatile.  You can pick up breakfast pastries or individual cakes, but you can also get cafe-esque breakfast items and sandwiches.  They also have a gelato bar as well as a selection of expensive but nice looking packaged sweets (for gifts).I had a few things.  I tried their pain au chocolat, which was very flaky and crispy.  The chocolate flavor was good though the chocolate bar inside the croissant was too hard.I also had one of their parfaits, which was gingerbread gelato mixed with hazelnut gelato and then garnished with crunchy hazelnuts and spice-flavored gingerbread.  The parfait was topped off with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.The parfait was just okay.  The gelato was a little too thick (the whipped cream was also not that great; too similar in consistency to a canned whipped cream though I believe this one was fresh).  Also, while the parfait had a good flavor, I felt there was too much gingerbread in it (and the gingerbread was dense).Service is not rude or lazy here, but it is consistently slow.  I think part of it is due to a lack of staff.  I also do not think it is the most organized spot.  Another issue is that the staff does not seem to notice when a line is building or when customers have been waiting long.Prices are very high, but it is Las Vegas.  Still, the pastries and desserts here could definitely be better (especially when considering that some of their more ambitious items can run up to $6-$8 each).Jean Philippe Patisserie is definitely overpriced, but you can walk away with a good pastry or dessert here.  I have not found anything here that I absolutely loved, but there are enough decent things where it might be worth checking out if you are in Aria and on the hunt for a fancy dessert.Aria has its own parking structure, which is free.  Valet parking is also available.
1	DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM ONLINE! I have not been to this location personally but I have tried to order online just last week. They not only messed up my order but have also been so difficult to contact. I have left multiple messages and tried to get into contact with someone in their office. I have ongoing events in Las Vegas and I really wanted to give our guests some amazing chocolates. Our company works partly with Zappos and to be honest I was willing to partner with Jean Phillippes. However after this incident NEVER AGAIN will my company be ordering from Jean Phillippes. I'll make sure of it.
5	Such an awesome set up. The chocolate drip down is unreal. Great selection of amazing pastries. Thumbs up!!!
5	this place was a wonderful breakfast start. it beats waiting in line for a buffet. the food was impeccable. i highly recommend this gem.
3	Barely drinkable espresso, servers who wish you really weren't there, but a beautiful display of pastries.  Located in the bowels of the Aria Casino, you drink espresso and eat you B- pastries amongst slot machines and smoke.
3	Curiosity at it's best.  This place is always packed.  Located in the Bellagio, I walked by this place in the morning and late at night and the line is always long.Gelato, tortes, muffins, crepes, chocolate boxes, etc you can find a sweet something for anyone. I caved in and got in line for a nutella souffle crepe.  It was actually meh.  I guess it's my own fault for ordering something so generic but I wasn't impressed with how thick the crepe was.  I mean, I still ate it all but I wish I tried something else.  I still recommend for you to try this place though, I mean...you have to!
5	Croque Monseur was delicious....perfectly balanced with smoky ham and toasted bread with melted cheese and lightly sauced. Also loved their blueberry muffin!  Must come back for dessert & coffee.
4	Heaven on Earth!!!!! But tooooooo pricy. Come on 7$ for a tiny cake?????
5	Every time I come to Aria, this is where I come for my favourite gellato.  I completely love the roasted hazelnut and have to have it every time I come here!There are many other delicious treats that I've had since Aria opened.  They really know what they're doing at Jean Philippe.  Looking forward to next time!All I can say is DELICIOUS!
3	Seriously they could not design a worse ordering process.  We have stayed in two hotels with these (aria and bellagio) and dealt with the same problem both times.  There are like 10 people crammed behind the counter so you would think you would get out quickly.  Maybe I am just in the minority that I am primarily going there for a pastry and coffee in the morning and a coffee in the afternoon.  But someone approaches at the point where you have been in the line for about 10 minutes to take your order, which is fine if you are getting a crepe or sandwich but if you want a pastry you haven't actually been able to see the pastries yet.  They won't let it go though so they just try and tell you the pastry options but I don't feel like you can really order a pastry without seeing it.  One mans scone is another mans muffin.  So you figure it out and then still wait in line for another 15 minutes.  They really need to figure out a way to get people who don't need things prepared through the line faster.
5	it's pricey. let's just say it and get it out there and then there's no surprises at the cash register.  then again, you're in vegas, so really, it's all relative.and believe me when i say, the minute your mouth tastes one of the cakes from this place...all thoughts of anything negative will magically disappear....you'll forget that you gained way too many calories at the buffet, that you lost way too much money at the casino, and are going to spend way too many hours at the gym working off everything you did do yourself this weekend.if you're lucky, you can get the people you're with to split and share. (make sure you get one cake/person...and THEN split and share...)
5	My friends and I had a tie-us-over-until-buffet-snack. 1 cream cheese danish, and 1 blueberry danish. The puff pastry was excellent, and just a delight to eat. Next time? croissant and pain au chocolat!
4	what is jean philippe pastisserie. a name that i can not even pronounce. all you gotta know is this place is legit! so imma call you JPP! gee... this is another store that is like everywhere in vegas now. i kept walking by saying umm.. each time i walked by jean it looked packed. they were opened late. they had a freaking chocolate fountain thing. i told myself i had to go. so i did. wouldn't you? they had cupcakes, danishes, muffins, gelato, crepes, smoothies, coffee, cakes, sandwiches, and oh so many more things i couldn't peek at it all. the con to this place is its so packed i feel guilty to ask for a sample of the gelato and just went with my default flavor: coconut. 2nd con is the price. i saw some girl drinking a tropical smoothie so i just had to. $9.00 bucks my friends. nine whole bucks for a smoothie. that's like minimum wage right there! i could really taste real fruit in my smoothie. in my coconut gelato i tasted and saw coconut flakes. now that's what i call authentic. my boyfriend got the ice coffee with soy milk. that thing was yummy as well for a non coffee drinker as myself. the total was like $18.00+. so it placed a dent in the pocket area but a satisfied stomach.did i mention their napkins are like the expensive thick kind? they have all sorts of cakes on display that rotates! they were pretty decked out! They have seats in the store and some outside in the walkway. so sit and chit chat or take it to go and walk off the calories so you can eat some more somewhere else!
5	Do not be fooled. Everything about this place looks as kitschy as can be. You stand in a longish line, cafeteria-style, at any given time of day and order from employees dressed in patisserie type uniforms as if this were a Disney joint. It is brightly lit and clean...far from any realistic Parisienne patisserie I might envision. We checked into the Aria three days before leaving Vegas because they gave us two comp nights.  JPP sits at the bottom of the guest elevators...which probably explains its constant flow of traffic: genius location. The first day after checking in, I needed a quick fix. My husband wasn't fond of their $11 price tag for a sammie but it is the Aria and I figured this might be the best we'd get.  I wanted a ham and cheese croissant but they had "run out" so I got the turkey croissant instead. Holy fartballs...I will never ever ever regret paying $11 for it. That one sandwich alone made me (and my cheap hubby) a captive audience.  We went back repeatedly in the remaining 3 days we had in Vegas and literally having just devoured my last JPP bites, the thought of not having it again for some time makes me ache. They offer this super cool service called Gourmet to Go. For $20, you choose a sandwich, salad, and a dessert pastry. You place your order before midnight the day before you travel and they pack it up in a hand carry tote box. Beats airline food by a million miles and considering the high quality and large quantity, I thought it was a pretty good deal. I got my turkey croissant again with a Cobb, and a Snickers cake. This was all great but the salad is packed really tight into a cup that can get a little tricky to eat without spilling. Still, i appreciate the portion size they managed to get in there.  The Snickers cake tasted exactly like a Snickers but I think there was about a 2mm sponge cake at the bottom.  It was more like a mousse than a cake. I'm not critiquing the great Jean-Pierre Maury at all... simply warning anyone who is looking for a cake in the Snickers cake.  The hubby got a smoked salmon sandwich, Asian salad, and strawberry lemon cupcake. He ate his salad first, was saying how good it was, offered me a bite and before I could lean in to get one, he had finished the whole thing! From what I could see, it had nice sized shrimp and roasted red peppers in it. He did let me try his smoked salmon sandwich and his cupcake. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that they are the best I've ever had. Ever. Ever. And that seems to be how they do things there.  I bought a croissant there. It was $4! But it was life changing. Best croissant I've ever had. Ever. Best cupcake. Ever. Best smoked salmon sandwich. Ever.  Maybe best sandwich ever--definitely top 3. Best croissant. Ever. I can't wait to get back to Jean-Phillipe.
4	While not as good as Bellagio Gelato or the Illi place over in Paulazzo, this place in Aria deserves some accolades as a solid place in the City Center area for some late night dessert cravings. I am here only to tell you guys about one item..the Lychee and Rose Sorbet. The taste is nothing I've had before, and believe me, I've had some weird and wacky flavors before. The tartness of the lychee marries perfectly the flower-y, sweetness of Rose, and it all just makes sense when you put that goodness in your mouth. Much like Mel Gibson and Danny glover in the Lethal Weapon movies, this is one partnership that should last forever.
4	There crepes are superb and do you see the pricey box of "Jean Philippe" chocolates on the back wall?, YES! You must buy a box of these wonderful treats!  Once you taste them you will never look at a Hershey bar in the same way again. Yes the lines can be a little over welling, and a tad pricey, but its worth your time and money, your taste buds will not be disappointed
5	My first experience at Jean Philippe was getting coffee. It is the closest coffee available to the rooms at Aria. We stood in the slowest moving long line.  Coffee is available in two sizes, small (12oz) and large (16oz). My large Americano was with flavor was over $5. They charge $1 for flavor and they consider honey a flavor. The most expensive coffee I have ever had! I was ready to be very pissed about my coffee, and then I tasted it. Delicious. Hands down one of the best tasting coffees I have had in the states. Food and desert here is also delicious. They make crepes, just about any concoction you can think up. I had a breakfast crepe and it was to die for good. We split a nutella crepe.. you can never go wrong with nutella! And the nutella brioche is FABULOUS. I am willing to bet that you cannot go wrong with anything you order here.
3	I was so excited when I saw the crepe station.  Unfortunately, they did not live up to my crepe standards.  I ordered the bananas foster crepe, which had caramelized bananas and whipped cream.  I don't think I've ever ordered bananas foster anywhere else before, but when I've made it at home, my bananas are actually CARAMELIZED and not smashed mushy.  These bananas?  No bueno.  Super mushy and the caramelized part?  Just some caramel tasting sauce.  They add the banana sauce to the top of the crepe and don't put it inside like I'm used to.  My mom liked her chocolate crepe that had vanilla creme inside, but I thought it was wayy too rich.  If you're a chocolate lover though, I'd recommend that if you must come here.  I wouldn't bother in the future.
4	Any place associated with Tony T. has got to  be spectacular!  On a previous trip I indulged in some treat that involved almond crust and lemon curd, which is a combination I find hard to top sometimes.Last night after my lavish Bar Masa meal, Susan D. and I ventured over here to admire the chocolates and pastries.  She bought a set of 5 truffles and I got one earl grey truffle (stamped beautifully with the word TEA all over it) and the coconut macaroons (yes macarOOns).The truffle and one macaroon entered my mouth before I opened my front door.  The tea truffle - unique flavor and delicious.  The macaroon...well...I love coconut and I just recently made meringue-y coconut macaroons in a baking class and ate them for breakfast (eggs for breakfast, get it?)Well, today it happened again.  I ate the remaining three macaroons FOR BREAKFAST (I pretended it was a normal pastry, it has butter and sugar like any other!) and I was deeply satisfied.  mmmmm
4	JPP is the place to go if you love pastries. You'll be literally like a kid in a candy store. The decadent desserts are really an art form, so pleasing to the eyes and senses.They attract a lot of tourist with their Chocolate fountain which has been certified to be the largest in the world. It's a must see and you must take an obligatory picture with it to post on your Yelp, Urbanspoon, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or whatever social networking you currently are addicted.I had the raspberry and lime tarts, they were exquisite. I love the perfect balance of sweet and tangy in the lime tart. They also serve cakes, cookies, croissants, gelato, crepes, and other bakery goods. The only thing that disappointed me was the Americano as it was way watered down, similar to the old McDonald's coffee. Being an expensive high end Patisserie, I expected everything to be the best.The layout needs to be redone. There is not enough space for more then one person to move about the store. You are constantly bumping into others who are taking pictures of goodies but may not be buying anything. Sorry, one star deducted for expensive watered down Americano.
5	I was like a kid in a candy store for a trained pastry chef like me to check this place out.Their pastries looked great and tasted great.Love their sandwiches and their butternut squash soup.The service was awesome too!
3	I didn't try the chocolates so my review is just for the paninis and macaron. I had the sweet basil chicken and chicken tandoori sandwiches. Both were good but the basil one was really good. Greasy though, as most paninis are. Macarons were good. Really pricey for what it all is, but I guess that's how it is in Vegas.
3	We tried 3 different types of items from the patisserie.  We ordered savory crepes, sweet crepes, and gelato.  The gelato was fantastic, had great flavor and was nice and creamy.  The sweet crepes were super tasty too.  Savory crepes, ewww not so much, rather than having fresh ingredients I was appalled to see the fillings to come out of the refrigerator and straight into the microwave...nasty.  Sadly, the crepe itself was tasty, but the filling left something to be desired as it had a runny consistency (like baby food), lacked flavor, and had no real vegetables in the filling to speak of.  If I am in the area I may stop by for some gelato again, but not the crepes ick!
3	I came here so many times! I was either buying gifts or trying food, but mostly gifts and I tried them. There are so many things that you can buy here, but they're all not labeled so you'll catch yourself asking, "What is this?" a lot. Here are my reviews on the different products. 1. Gelato (Coconut, pistachio, and mango) - Meh... Too sweet and rich. Half a  scoop is enough for me and I'm a sweets junkie. Also, the pistachio hardly tasted like pistachio. 2 scoops for me and 1 scoop for my friend = $9ish. 2. Carrot cupcake - It was very weird. They baked it in a cup and had some kind of divider on top and topped it with dome-shaped frosting. It was tasty though. (They have complimentary candles if you need them). Be aware that they do not look like cupcakes so you will walk pass them without even knowing.3. Chocolate mousse - Very rich, but what do you expect? It's mousse!  The cupcake and mousse = $13. 4. Marshmallows - I got it because my bf loves marshmallows and I had to try it because they were $22!!! Anyway, my opinion on it is that it's nothing special. Don't get it. 5. Butterfingers - Yummy, but they don't taste like Butterfingers. The taste is not as distinct.  This was $18 and overpriced.
4	I don't know if there's anything I can say about this place that doesn't already come across in the pictures.  The pastries are fabulous.  They also have sandwiches that are great for taking back out to the pool or just eating right there. The drink prices are a little higher than you'd expect - the Aria is one of the only casinos on the strip that doesn't have a Starbucks, so your run of the mill chai latte will run you around $6 bucks as opposed to $4 at Starbucks.  But you really do get what you pay for - I wasn't disappointed.
5	Jean Philippe Patisserie is awesome. Located in the bellagio, I wake up and get a nice cup of coffee, a great selection of sweets from crepes, cinnamon rolls, and danishes. For lunch they have great sandwiches like the grilled chicken basil with sauteed onions and a basil pesto. WOW. The crepes are also great included fruit and dessert selections. And don't forget the gelato, homemade flavors like tiramisu, cocnut, and mango sorbet. I love this patisserie and always come back when im in vegas.
4	Double CappuccinoCafe au LaitFlanDulce de Leche BriocheStay tuned...
5	I LOVE this place!! The baked goods are all authentic French (I know cuz I'm French). Some favorites:-The pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant)-The Palmier-The Croissant aux amandes (Almond croissant) -Their curry chicken sandwichYUMMMMM! I wish I could eat there everyday!
4	Heavenly.  So you come here and have great expectations due to yelp. Plus it's beautiful.  Things I loved Potatoe gratin with bacon.   Amazing Raspberry tart.  Vanilla cream stick/puff.  Thought it would be too sweet but they do a good job of making the it very balanced Ok Napleon. Was a tad over cooked on the crust. Never liked the fact that they charge me for a cup to heat up my babies food. But what do I expect in Vegas I suppose.
5	wish i lived in Vegas so i could visit this fabulous place on a weekly (or even bi-daily) basis!  For those of you who have a bad sweet tooth like me, here's Heaven!!  I LOVE JEAN PHILIPPE PATISSERIE!  This location inside the Aria looks really really cool!!!!  Seriously, it's already great pleasure just by looking at those beautiful wedding cake displays hung up in the air!  All cakes and desserts look super duper cute, and the pastries taste pretty good, too!  Boyfriend went over there just last week and bought me some palmiers ($14/ box).  Oh my goodness! those mini palmiers are thin and very crispy, and needless to say, NOM!  They just rock in my mouth Oh-La-Laa!!
2	I wanted to like it so much, but disappointed! Just not tasty. Three of us shared the cheesecake and the chocolate peanut one (I forget the cute name), and at $6 a pop it better be the best dessert of all time- not even close!
4	I just want to rave about those jelly chocolates they have in the display. I have tried every flavor, and my favorite is definitely the blueberry. Don't get me wrong, they're all pretty good. My boyfriend doesn't even like chocolate, but he thinks they're the bee's knees! The jelly is encased in this delicate chocolate shell. You pop one of these babies in your mouth, and with the first bite, the shell just completely breaks open to reveal this burst of fruit flavor. The chocolate is perfect. It doesn't overpower the flavor of the jelly, and it's just bitter enough to complement the jelly's sweetness. The jelly is tangy and sweet. For some of the more powerful flavors, one might feel overwhelmed by it, but the experience is over pretty quickly because the pieces are small. Besides the blueberry, I distinctly remember enjoying the lemon jelly as well. Both times I have been here, the service was forgettable. I must have picked the right time to go because there was barely a line (perhaps, two or three people in front of me?). The first time, the woman who took my order had the most sour expression on her face. I almost felt like I was being a bother by ordering something. I actually felt a little guilty for making her walk to the display case to grab the chocolate pieces...The second time, the two employees started conversing, making me wait a few minutes. Finally, when one turned around, he seemed pretty nice. He got my order and rang me up, but he wasn't friendly or anything special. The price is also nothing to rave about at $2 a piece. But hey, it's still something worth trying!
4	The thing about having more than one location of something on the Vegas strip is that you don't know which location your review is going to.As it states above the address to this venue, my review will be for the Patisserie in the ARIA.This location of Jean Philippe offers pretty much everything the larger location at Bellagio offers but in a smaller area. They have the crepes and truffles on one side and the cafe/cakes on the other side.I don't usually purchase from this location but I was in the mood for chocolates so I bought two to snack on while I gambled. I also got a Strawberry Lemon cupcake for dine in and it was DIVINE!Definitely a cute place to stop at if you want a sandwich, crepe, or pastry to snack on between gambling ;)
3	I would give this little establishment 3.21 stars.The good: Everything is very pleasant to the eyes, from the look of the place to all the colors of the pastries. The sweets are also very good.The not so good: It's often crowded and there may be long lines and seating may be hard to find. The prices are also pretty high, but you have to expect that. I've tried a bunch of their muffins and breaded pastries, and to be honest, I feel this place is more hype than substance. Sure, it looks good, but taste wise, it's nothing special. The coffee I had is forgettable, especially at $4 something for an iced coffee. That, in my opinion, was the biggest rip off. You're better off getting something sweet and getting the drinks elsewhere. Actually, skip all the danishes/drinks here if you can. The sweets, like the Raspberry Tart, are what stands out here. Overall: It's an Anna Kournikova, it looks good, but it's not a winner. But I guess I'm a typical guy, I'm giving the stars mostly on the looks.
4	We stopped here for gelato, and were very happy!  We ordered the mixed berry and the chocolate in a two-scoop cup, and it was a great place to take a break to sit and people watch.
4	I'm not a fan of sweets & dessert but do you know the line "you had me at hello"?  That about sums it up.  Everything looked so delicious, I had difficulty choosing just 1!  Finally decided on a pastry & a small cup of coffee....paid $4 for the pastry & $3.50 for the coffee....totally ridiculous for the coffee but the pastry was worth every scrumptious bite!
3	More like 3.5 stars, but since there's no option :/Fancy decor, a bit pricey but understandable since it's in strip.When I first saw the dessert it looked so cute but when I actually tasted it it wasn't that great. I tried their cheesecake, which is decorated with white chocolate, and I was not really impressed by flavor. Their gelato was just so-so as well. I think I will give another try if I'm in that area as I'm just dessert holic.
4	Really cute setup of their store, though smaller than I expected! All the desserts looked delicious and fresh. Even the prepared salads and sandwiches looked excellent, which is rare for a place that doesn't necessarily specialize in them. It was entertaining to watch the woman making the fresh and quite delicious looking crepes filled with lots of sweet stuff! Those seemed to be a popular item but I came for the gelato! I got two scoops- one pistachio and one hazelnut. In one word... Amazing! Super creamy, not icy at all. There was a really nice variety of flavors as well. Would definitely come back here for the gelato!
5	there are many pastry shops on the strip, JPP stands out from all of them, tried both location at bellagio and aria, i am a dessertholic so it became a routine to visit the shop once a day during my stay in vegas, and i blame JPP for taking my time away from visiting other dessert notables like serendipity 3 and max brenner, the rose macaron is absolutely the must try item, JPP is the place to be for all the dessert fanatics out there!
4	Amazing looking sweets, chocolates, sweets, and more to look at. I enjoyed a scoop of the gellato. Highly recommended.They have a fabulous chocolate dragon display up right now. It's perfectly lit to take pictures with no glare.
5	Yeah, this is as good as it gets unless you are in Europe! We were here for a Yelp Event and was so lucky to be walking by when we saw their unbelievable desserts. We had no intentions of eating, we just finished huge burgers at Holsteins in the Cosmo, but we couldn't resist. I ordered the Cinnamon Bun and my girlfriend got the chocolate croissant. Wow. We tried a little of each others and before we even bit into it your mouth will water. I am a huge fan of cinnamon buns and this was by far the best I have ever had. The cinnamon was plentiful and the frosting was obviously a cream cheese frosting. The dough was very light and airy, like a croissant and melted in your mouth. The Jean Philippe Patisserie will be a must every trip to Vegas!! Mouth is starting to water again just thinking about it. Wonder if they deliver
4	Prettiness - 5 stars Price - 3 stars (like everything else in Vegas, OVER PRICED)Taste - 3 stars (these desserts are for look not taste for sure!)Coffee - 4 stars (expensive, but better than any "hotel" coffee)Sandwich - 4 stars (good, but over price; can get same quality at Panera or Corner)Environment - 5 stars (relaxing, clean)They also have one over a Bellagio, which has the world's largest chocolate fountain.  That one; however, is always extremely crowded, and very difficult to find seats.  So, you'll have a better chance finding a seat here than over there.
2	To start...the woman behind the pastry counter was extremely rude and impatient...and simply looked bored and unhappy to be there. I got a Chocolate covered praline nougat...it was very pricey and way too sweet. The nougat isn't particularily nutty and definitely way too much and way too sweet. I also got a opera cake, napoleon, and creme brulee. The woman who packed the creme brulee didn't bother taping it down and so it spilled everywhere in the box(liquid sugar covering everything). It was just okay, nothing spectacular. The napoleon was also alright, nothing spectacular. I did like the opera cake but only get it if you REALLY like rich chocolate things (it can be kind of heavy towards the second half). I also ordered a cinnamon roll which was not bad; it was more of a danish flaky pastry than the typical fluffy cinnamon roll texture. On the side with gelato, we did order a coconut flavored one. It was very coconut-y and actually not bad. The guy behind the counter was much nicer and much more patient than the lady behind the pastries.Overall, extremeley disappointed with quality of service and disappointed that the pastries weren't as spectacular as expected.
4	Beautiful presentation. I love their gelato station. I hate that the price of gelato anywhere in Vegas makes you feel like you've just received a paper cut. . . but I must admit, it is so good. The rich flavors are absolutely delish. I really like how friendly their staff is. They are always so chipper and cheery. I think things here are a tad too pricey but that's true with most places inside the nicer hotels. It's to be expected now. Their desserts are not only beautiful to look at but they are tasty as well. Service is great and the ambiance is very chatty. So it's not like a super fancy restaurant where all you hear is a low buzz. This is definitely perfect for the casual vegas crowd. I love their blueberry muffins. For whatever reason, they are MORE amazing than the ones I get back home, even when I compare 'em to the ones that I get from Portos which is a famous bakery in LA/Glendale. Oh man! So good.
5	I love this place! Every time I come to Vegas I have to come here for either the crepes, ice cream or the smoothies. The shop is inside the Bellagio Hotel near the tram that goes from Bellagio to Monte Carlo. So you can enjoy this awesome pastry store even if your stayed at a different hotel. This place is also known for having "the world's largest chocolate fountain" recorded my the Guinness Book of Records.  Jean Philippe Maury owner and pastry chef at this place has been awarded the "Meilleur Ouvrier de France," the most prestigious pastry award in France. So you know this place is delicious and upscale if you are looking for that epic tasting pastry you been craving for after a long day on the Las Vegas Strip.I have tried this place about over 20 times from the chocolate boxes which is quite pricey but worth it from $30-$50 a box. Some have different flavored ganaches and truffles. A ganache is a type of glaze, icing, sauce, or filling for pastries made from chocolate and cream.They also have different crepes flavors, they have two types the savory and the sweet type. The savory for example is the turkey and cheese (which is also very yummy).I have tried the sweet crepes multiple times. I would recommend the Nutella one with bananas.This time I went to the Bellagio I was interested to find something different so I tried the Summer Delight Smoothie and was it delicious. I came back the next day to try it again. It was a combination of lemon and raspberry sorbet mixed together in a smoothie and was it amazing.The desert highlight of my trip!
4	I had bookmarked a few places I wanted to check out in Vegas before my trip and Jean Philippe was on the top of my list. I almost screamed with joy when walking into the bakery. Everything was perfect. From the pastries, the chocolates, the baked goods, and even the gelato looked pretty. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jZqViN77-gIVUxT62EFE9w&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJwwAlthough I would have liked to try a crepe I had already bought an Earls Sandwich and was just looking for a dessert to bring on the plane..... There are many pastry options whether you are a chocolate person, a fruit person, a custard person, they have it all. They even had extravagant macaroons. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VOFgHdstzzjhi3S1gq38dQ&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJww  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IQmkc5uyqdw6THBDerkyvw&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJwwThe prices on the pastries is where unfortunately Jean Philippe loses a star in my book. Close to $7 for a pastry is ridiculous. I don't care how good it is - and yes it was good but not $7 good. I have eaten perfect pastries similar to this in Japan and even those aren't $7.  I was eyeing the Napolean but it looked like it had a little too much custard cream so I went with the fruit tart. It was beautifully deorated with raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, slices of apples, kiwis, and pineapple and some mandarin oranges. I know that Jean Philippe aims for quality over quantity and I completely respect that but the tart part seemed a little thin. This was my only complaint as the fruit was perfectly ripened and the custard cream wasn't overly sweet. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJwwI also grabbed a croissant which was $4 which was a better value than the skinny tart. It was buttery, flaky and oh so good with some homemade strawberry jam the next morning. Would I come back? Yes, of course Would I get the tart again? Probably not. I love bakeries especially high quality ones..and I know it in Vegas but I just wish their pastries were a LITTLE bit more affordable. I could have bought 2 Earls sandwiches with the price I paid for the tart and the croissant. YELP 365: 161/365
4	Damn, that was good. JPP drew me in with the sheer attractiveness of the space. The decor is inviting and the pastries are ridiculously gorgeous. Like, too pretty to eat. But I managed.Gelato: Very good. Peanut butter was the best.Chocolate truffles: Tasty but not the best ever.Chocolate Croissant: Heavenly. May be the best ever.Sandwiches: Curry chicken was rich but oh so goodCupcakes: Prettier than they taste but would try more to be sure :-)I could have tried way more than I did and all I can say is, I am glad this doesn't exist anywhere near home. Cons: Surly employees (each and every time); pricey, as is everything in Vegas.
5	Really nice. Better than expected value. Things taste as good as they look.
5	Jean Philippe is genius! wish I could bake like him lol. The lines here can get pretty long, but the workers keep it moving pretty fast. I suggest you come early because they don't make their pastries all day. They just make a whole bunch fresh the start of every morning so once they sell out of an item you're gonna have to wait til the next day! It's pretty expensive here, but it's vegas and the breads/pastries are totally worth it. Everytime I come to vegas I always have to get their apple brioche and turkey croissant sandwich. The chocolate croissant and cookies are divine. I've tried a bunch of the other goods here and none have disappointed me
5	Fantastic. Just fantastic. We stayed at Aria for a few nights and kept drooling as we passed by this place in the mornings, afternoons, and evenings. A cousin and I finally set foot inside and gorged on their opera cake and flan. The opera cake was the clear winner (at a pricey $6.90 a slice!). There were seriously 20 layers of chocolatey , moussey, ganachey, almondy goodness.
4	Much larger location than Bellagio.    Love the pastries, would pass on the chocolate and crepes.   Are there other places that have dessert like this.... no.  Rather than going to a starbuck and getting something you can get anywhere else, suck it up and just buy some.
5	Have you seen this place? Unreal. How do you not buy one of everything as you're waiting in line? Those smarty pants. They know if we stand in line walking past all their foodie, pastry, deliciousness we'll buy it all. Even if we are working on our bikini body. Nope, I want ALL those cupcakes, scones, and lemon bars please. Oh and chocolate bars. Can't forget those. For serious, I refrained and only stopped by twice while staying at the Aria in July.I enjoyed some delicious soy lattes and my man and I split a small bag of square chocolates. Next time we are in town I think eating there for brunch is in order. I am already dreaming about it!
3	Everything here is too cute to eat. Thank God for the glass window keeping the food safe or else I'd def. drool and contaminate everything. If you don't believe me just look at the 700+ pictures uploaded on Yelp.As far as the taste, meeh nothing spectacular. If anything after paying about 10 bucks for a small croissant turkey sandwich I made myself believe it was better than it tasted. I believe this place is more for the desserts, like I said nothing special about the sandwiches. Long lines feel like forever, especially when you are buzzed! Which I hope you would be, after-all it is Sin city!  Basically, it's a cute place to take some pictures, order a quick bite to eat and go about your sinning.
5	Crepes are amazing!!I've eaten there probably a good dozen times!! It is really good everything!Panini's are well crafted and delicious! Crepes are AWESOME. FYI- For crepes, if you are a NUTELLA fan, i HIGHLY recommend on getting a nutella crepe, but have them add bananas and strawberries (or other fruits of your choice)! It is to die for!Their coffees are well made, and the beans are great and the pastries are exquisite!For a crepe and a coffee it is very expensive (~$25), but then again it's Vegas!
4	Really darn good pastries! Also lots of great snack gifts that are beautifully packaged.
5	COCONUT GELATO. I am eating it at this very moment... so. good. Every single bite is filled with loads of shredded coconut and creamy goodness. If you like coconut, order this and you will not be disappointed!I have also tried:- Almond croissant: very large croissant and in every bite you get flaky layers with almond paste, even at the very ends. Sliced almonds on top. Perfect.- Crepes (souffle with apple compote, chocolate, and some savory one I don't remember): The sweet crepes are so decadent! Can't go wrong with any of them. The savory crepe is just alright.- Vanilla latte: $6 for a small. Nothing special.I've been to both the Bellagio and Aria locations, both serve the same items. The employees are very nice, always smiling, never seem impatient or annoyed. I once dropped and broke a glass of chocolate sauce on accident and they only joked with me and didn't get angry at all, even though I felt terrible. I prefer the Aria because it has the dining area, but the chocolate fountain at the Bellagio is still fun to look at.That this is located right next to the guest elevators in Aria... oh man. I walk by this three times a day and I want to eat everything!!!
1	Don't believe the hype and all the artificial glam. This place just sells you on its decor and fancy presentation. At its core the food here is bland, flavorless, way over priced and had no soul. All the sheeple that gave this place a 5 star rating are out of their mind. Here is a small review on each of the things we tried.Flan- completely bland and flavorless, came in a pie shell for reasons that I do not understand. Had a tasteless coating of gelatin to give it a shinny finish. Had a texture unlike any other flan I have ever tasted, if your version of flan is this far off, please don't call it flan. Save us the trouble, you lost half the battle by misleading us.White chocolate cheesecake- once again bland and tasteless, very creamy texture. Although very nicely presented wrapped up in white chocolate, the actual cheesecake is comparable to the Jell-o no bake cheesecakes that you buy as a kit at the grocery store. Basil pesto chicken panini- flavorless, and VERY greasy, expensive like everything else here.
5	I LOVE this place. Especially this one at the Aria, mostly because of the arrangement of the place. It has a cute sitting area that allows for casual talks and people watching. Unlike other locations, you don't have to search for a place to snack on your delicious treat.They have everything here. And I mean everything. Sandwiches, desserts, coffee, etc. I've had one of their paninis, the banana foster crepe, dulce de leche gellato, coffee and I don't have a single negative thing to say.If you like sweets and desserts (and taking photographs of desserts, like me) then you'll love it here. I highly recommend this place!
5	A pastry shop that could entice people who are normally impervious to the charms of cake. If you enjoy Asian bakeries, which create beautiful pastries with understated flavors (so as to not overwhelm you) and do not contain an entire bag of sugar for each cake, you'd love the pastries. The Jean Philippe cakes are as delightful to the eyes are they are to the mouth. I was pleased with every cake I tried, so I can't recommend a specific one. Let your eyes chose one of the delectable cakes, and enjoy the results. The other offerings (ice cream and sammiches) are not extraordinary. If you prefer cakes that have sugar in the the first three ingredients or love Safeway cakes, you will just be disappointed. Save your money.
2	The pastries are delicious. The coffee was pretty good. The service was terrible and rude. We were over charged. Now this doesn't bother me so much. Things happen, places get busy and mistakes are made. What bothers me is how they handled it. When I came back and pointed it out the woman grabbed my ticket and walked off leaving me standing there for a good 5 minutes. Then another woman returns takes a look at me and the leaves for another 5 minutes. Finally she came back with someone who I assume is the manager. They fiddled around with the register for a few minutes and put the difference on the counter and walked away. The manager never looked at me and neither of them said a single word to me. No apology, no hello, nothing. When you have a service economy like vegas, especially in a place as "nice" as the Aria I expect to get some level of good service. I didn't want anything for free from them just an apology for making a mistake and taking my time to get it back. I wasn't rude about it, but they were.
5	Omg! This place is the absolute best:-) Only downside is the long lines. The food and coffee is outstanding! Some of my favorites are the yogurt parfets, the salads, and the french macaroons.
4	had to stop by Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria Hotel.  The patisserie is a small "kiosk" near the casinos serving up tons of sandwiches, pastries, and other treats.  On display were gorgeous cakes and chocolates.After debating over at least 3 desserts, I decided on the Nutella Napoleon (I can never resist Nutella).  It definitely had a strong hazelnut/chocolate flavor, but lacked the creaminess of a regular Napoleon.  It was worth the visit though as I love seeing desserts displayed as art.
4	Overpriced but everything looks so damn pretty & the things that I have tried were pretty good..Don't waste your money here, maybe only on super last minute presents. Spend your money elsewhere or just use it at the blackjack tables..
4	Gelato, just get the gelato.  Pistachio and Oreo cookie.The other desserts look wonderful too.  Be sure to bring your camera for the chocolate art that surrounds you.  They have sandwiches and salads for those who want a quick meal at their little cafe, or if you want it to go.
3	So expensive !!!! $4.25 for a cup of iced tea. $10.00  for a Turkey sandwich. The sandwich was good, but not $10.00 good.
5	lemon crepe! awesomeness!!
4	I decided that an update was appropriate because this time around, I tried EVERY SINGLE SWEETS that they had, with the exception of one. They were made extremely well and the taste and texture, as well as presentation was phenomenal. The pastries, however, were still the same... hard, and not unlike any other pastry. Coffee was also not something to write home to mom about.But yes, the sweets, such as the tarts, cupcakes, chocolate cakes, cheese cakes, etc. are definitely very yummy.
4	Crepes! Had the exotic crepe which comes with a scoop of coconut sorbet for $8.95. Sounded like a delicious mix of mango, passion fruit, pineapple. But it was a disappointment. Wish I had done the basic nutella or berries crepe. The fruit was marinated in a hot sauce and was way too tart. Poor choice at trying to be different. The coconut sorbet was very good though. You can also add a scoop of your choice gelato to any crepe for $2. I added on a scoop of stracciatella which was good. However their 'gelato' tasted heavier like ice cream. Guess it depends on the flavor. Also had their royal savory crepe with chicken breast, mushrooms and cheese in a cream sauce. Pretty yummy, cream wasn't too heavy to me like Payard's at Caesar's crepe. They also give you a small mixed greens salad on the side makes it not bad for $10.95. I'd eat here again for their savory and sweet crepes. The pastries I got was the almond croissant and nutella brioche, both $4. The nutella brioche was a last minute add on because it looked so yummy. I'd skip this one next time. Basically a dense dough with a huge chunk of nutella in the middle. Basically bread and nutella made pretty. Onto the almond croissant. I usually get a chocolate croissant but reviews boasted the almond croissant it was yummy!! The almond paste in the middle and flaky crust. Definitely try! Worth the splurge from my diet.
3	I love it!!! Delisc!!!!
5	Definitely a place to stop when in Vegas!  Desserts are incredibly good, fresh, and pretty.  Just be prepared to spend $20 on a mocha and two pastries.  Well worth it when you're on vacation.  I especially liked their ham and cheese croissant.  It was amazingly moist, fluffy and flavorful - the best ham and cheese croissant I've ever had, also the most expensive!  The nutella brioche was OK.  I thought it could have been more moist and more nutella-filled.  I wish I got to try their crepes and gelato!
4	The Aria Location here is better than the other location because you can sit down here. I had the key lime one before and the last time it was mind-blowing and sent me in a tizzy with different layers of flavors including passion fruit. This key lime was different with only one layer of filling and didn't have the passionfruit layer or as much key lime and was good but not mind-blowing. My husband had deep chocolate one and it was Great. I didn't think the macaroon tasted right with it but it looked pretty. I would have given five stars if the key lime tasted the same as last time. You will gain a pound from trying the treats here but it's worth it.
5	A great place to get desserts and coffee
5	The strawberry nutella crepe is serious. Normally, the strawberries are an afterthought, nothing more than small slices of flavor that break up the homogeny of the nutella. At Jean Philippe, they shove so many strawberries into the crepe that it's basically bursting at the seams like that movie where the Alien burst through the guy's chest and the Alien started killing people. I don't remember the name of the movie but it definitely had an Alien in it. I liked this crepe a lot.I've also got to give props to the nutella brioche and the ham/cheese breakfast egg sandwich on a croissant.
4	This patisserie just wows your eyes. When you see it from afar,  it makes you curious and when you walk in, you just wanna look and  touch everything you see. It's cute and elegant at the same time.We came here by recommendation by three different people, and I applaud them. Thank you! I took some goodies home for my family, mainly for the kids, and I gotta say, the chocolate was on point. It makes you feel like you will never eat another drugstore bought chocolate ever again.My friends and I came here for a quick lunch after a tea party. If you know tea parties, then you know that you eat like a pigeon but drink tea like a fish. So we came here to give ourselves more sustenance and the paninis we ordered were delicious. It's located in the Aria hotel in a good spot where you can sit and people watch. TRUST, we were people watching. How can we not? We was in VEGAS, BABY!
3	Impressive - yes.Tasty - not as good as you would think.With all that said, this is still my type of place to get a quick bite, late night bite (open until midnight), or indulge in a pastry.Small juices - $4.95 Chocolate croissant $4 - mammoth in size, thick crust and thick throughout, which means it won't be an airy soft croissant, EXTREMELY salty.  In fact, that's all that I could taste. This truly tasted like salty bread in the form of a brick-like croissant.Tandoori chicken sandwich - good but bland and heavy, I didn't understand the need for cheese in this sandwich.Sundried Tomato Chicken Sandwich - this was the better of the 2 sandwiches and had more flavor (barely).All sandwiches are:*roughly $9 to $10*all come with cheese *all are  pre-made which means that they do not make to order if you have special requests (what you see is what you get)*can be slightly toasted or pressed, which makes it super greasy (so if you want to feel less guilty, maybe eat it as is aka cold)*filling for 1 person*overall - bland sandwiches Coconut Macaroons - Individual wrapped: $2 for the plain or $3 for the chocolate half iced 4 pack - $8 These are dense and moist mothers.  The coconut flavor is mild.  Halfway through, I almost forgot I was eating a macaroon because it is so moist, it has the texture and consistency of a brownie or a cake pop.Palmiers $14 - waiting to be opened but I have a feeling that these will be as salty as their croissantsCaramel Corn - $9.80 waiting to be openedChocolates - $6 for 2 pieces waiting to be opened Overall, you are definitely paying for the brand.  They place a lot of attention to every detail, which I can appreciate - down to their plastic ware - which looks like real silverware. heh. Location: in Aria Parking: free self-park structure
4	When I'm craving something sweet and fancy this is the spot! Highly recommend the plain cheese cake and rose macaroon. The cheese cake I would have to say is one of the best cheese cakes that I have ever had, hands down for shure! The rose macaroon is simple but elegantly light and florally balanced with raspberries. They also have a chocolate case from bonbons to pralines to chocolate covered strawberries for those chocolate LOVERS. Yes the prices are a bit high but hey your in Vegas expect to pay a little more....
4	My bf is a fan of their creme brulee. He had like 3 of them in a day, haha! We had their sandwiches/paninis, pastries, crepes the last trip and they were all yummy. I bought my son all flavors (vanilla, strawberry, chocolate, pistachio) of their rice crispy balls but haven't yet tried them.Will be back here!
4	OMG. I had the hardest time choosing which dessert I wanted after dinner! Everything in the case looks exquisite and the layout is beautiful (despite being a bit confusing). I ended up getting the key lime tart and I was very happy with my purchase. All the components worked well together and it was so pretty to look at. I can't wait for my next Vegas trip so I can try out their other offerings!
4	I must say the whole look of the place is impressive.  Larger, and more choices then the Bellagio location.  My husband and I went walking the strip just see the new digs since we had been there 10 years ago. We walked into Aria and saw Jean Philippe. Our eyes went big with excitement.Walk around the entire spot. Your will be captivated by all the different delights.  Whatever you may be craving they have a dessert for that.  We decided on the gelatto which was reasonably price considering some other spots on the strip. We had the strawberry and lemon. It was totally refreshing!  Just what you need during a midnight walk in 100 degree heat.I am coming back to try the crepes which looked amazing  from my neighbors plate.  Staff served us quickly. Prices were fare for what you get. I liked watching the video on how they make their desserts.  So many good choices to pick from.  Prices range from inexpensive to moderate based on what you pick.
5	Another location that is also located inside the Belliago Hotel.  This location has a larger varieties of sweet than the one in the Belliago.  To find out all the package pastry is actually made in this located and transported to Belliago.It's a Dessert Heaven for Sweet Lovers...
4	Only in Vegas can I eat croque monsieurs everyday for 4 days for breakfast. Actually that is a lie as I also ate the croissants and paninis. Thank god I had my mother with me to share in them so there was minimal caloric guilt. Yes it was convenient that it was in our hotel and we didn't want to crawl too far in the morning for coffee. It was made better by the fact that everything was awesome. The looks of the line can be intimidating, you think you may have to wait 15-20 to place and pick up you order but they were much faster than that. We also never had a problem finding seating as people wouldn't really linger after they were done. When checking in on Yelp I confused this location with the one at the Bellaigo. The Aria location has much more seating and a full sweet/savory pasty menu. If you don't eat there everyday at least try it once.
4	This place is so busy same as the Bellagio location.  However, i think they changed the selection and offered less individual cake. Presentation is still very nice, just getting abit too sweet and expensive.  We ordered  salmon sandwich, trio cheesecake and vanillia napoleon.  The sandwich ingredients were very fresh, just very small portion, cheesecake was very tasty, napoleon was average.  For a self service place like this, $7 a slice of small desserts are quite overpriced same as $10 sandwich.
5	Delicious food and great, friendly, professional service!
4	OMG, where do I begin? As I walked toward the guest room entrance of Aria, I was drawn by the bright and artistic decors of Jean Philippe Patisserie! As I was walking toward it, oh my, I started having the "kid in a candy store" feeling, and the next thing I know, I was lured toward the food and pastry display. Finally a day later, my boyfriend and I shared a coffee and a Rose Macaron with Raspberry and Vanilla Cream Filling. Honestly, I wanted to try everything but since I couldn't just choose one, I went with my friend's suggestion. Luckily I bought the very last one in the display. The macaron was beautiful and delicious. I couldn't help myself but admire it 360 degree before I decided to take my first bite. I love how it's not super sweet! I also love how they use pastry cream and not buttercream. The coffee was just okay. Oh man, must stop by again and try their other stuff.
4	I have been to Jean Philippe Patisserie several times and every visit makes me feel like a kid in a candy store. But being a grown adult now I have learned to control myself..well maybe not! Lol!  Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria is a sugarwhore's wet dream! Just the abundance of goodies was breath taking.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#GEyIV_nJKKleGTcfEIz_qAGelato's: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#qqt3rxlq2aoYWr5Aq3E-ZwFine Chocolates: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#aSUOizlY2YGT7pN0UPisMwPastries: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#U_hd7e22lett8LDr8zbtTACreme Brulee and Palm Leaf  sampled was just a delight.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#ExEBn0n8Y_Kug9UqrHSojw They also have crepes and sandwiches, small seating area to sit to enjoy.My LV Trip Bookmark #4
5	WOW!!! What a treat this was. Cool ambiance. You go in, and pick your pastry. My wife and I agreed - best we have ever had!! Definitely go check this place out! See you next time we're in Vegas Jean Philippe :)
5	My husband and I stayed at Aria in their penthouse suite for a couple days and had credit we had to use, so we came here for their breakfast and their croissants are very buttery and fluffy and their dessert are amazing! I decided to get their mini wedding cakes and couldn't decide on which type of chocolate (milk, white or dark) so I bought all of them and turns out these little delights had a hazelnut filling with some type of wafer that gives it a little crunch. Really awesome stuff!! If you ever get a chance, you should definitely stop by and grab a bite to eat or take dessert to go!
5	I never start or end a vegas trip without going crazy here...I always get the same thing, a Pecan Sticky Bun and a Cinnamon Sugar Crepe with a scoop of Oreo Cookie gelato. ~$15 never bought soo much happiness =)
3	This is one of our favorite stops for a quick bite, particularly if we have Aria resort credit that we need to spend. I used to only get the baked goods and some chocolates to go for friends and family back home (I like the bear claw in particular), but I recently tried the crepes which I really like. We had a savory one with ham, cheese, and sauteed mushrooms that was great. It also came with a side of greens and baby tomatoes. Our favorite dessert crepe is the one that has the vanilla custard cream on the inside with the mixed berry sauce drizzled on top. The lines are always busy whenever I go but they do a good job moving the customers through quickly. It's definitely pricey though!
5	Gelato, gelato and more gelato!  When I was in Vegas in August, I came to Jean Philippe Patisserie almost every night.  Instead of doing a nightcap ritual at a bar, I did a gelato-cap at Jean Philippe!  I truly made it my goal to try almost every flavor of gelato.  But I ended up finding some favorites, including the stracciata (or something like that it's vanilla with their world famous chocolate) and the mint chocolate chip!  What's more, if you get just a scoop of it, it's actually reasonable for Vegas standards - $3 bucks and some change.  I made a mistake the first night and got a milkshake, since I'm a milkshake fan - that was nine bucks!  They have crepes and pastries too.  I might try those out, but I'm seriously in love with their gelato.
5	I saw Jean-Philippe Patisserie when passing through Aria's casino one day. We had just eaten, but returned for desert on another night. There was a pretty long line of people ordering ice cream, but I came for the crepes and my husband ordered a lemon gelato. I love nutella crepes, and these were absolutely delicious. It was a treat to watch it being made right in front of our eyes too. Every bite of the crepe was divine (as good or better than from Paris!) and worth every penny.There were also some gorgeous cakes on display, and they seemed to have a lot of fun candies and other little pastries. If I lived in Vegas I would stop by often to try the entire menu. Sadly I don't, so when I come back it will be for another nutella crepe for sure!
4	This review is based on the nutella brioches alone. I've had some of the other items before but these are really want keep me coming back.A must whenever I'm in Vegas. I'm addicted to the nutella brioches here! They sell out of the nuttela brioches by 4pm so try to swing by before 2pm. They also open early at 6am so I sometimes just stop by after clubbing all night at Marquee and just get them fresh out of the oven and do my walk of shame back to my hotel room. Hey, at least that walk is slightly less shameful when you have the scent of fresh patries wafting around you.
5	If I could, I would have desserts at Jean Philippe everyday. They have this amazing chocolate dragon on display in front and the whole storefront just looks like a pastry wonderland. My friends and I could not help it and went crazy buying up most of their cakes. Yes, they were THAT good. The Lemon meringue tart, intense, and cheesecake are a must try.
3	Beautiful displays of chocolate pumpkins this time of year. Was at the Aria for a few days so tried several things. Loved the mint chocolate gelato -- creamy minty goodness in a cup. Oh so refreshing on a hot Vegas day.Coffee was slightly burnt and disappointing one morningBreakfast sandwich is dismal and should be removed from the menu. I ate half only because I needed the sustenance.Cherry brioche was to die for. Buttery, flakey, tangy. Service at 7am was horrible. Long lines and everyone working looked like they were just as miserable to be up at 7 as I was.... and they haven't had their morning coffee yet either.I had a mixed experience but the gelato and brioche was so delicious, it saved the experience to 3 stars.
4	This place is just so inviting with all the sweets, it just calls you, "come here!  eat some sweets!"  Long overdue review from Vegas trip in January 2012.  Tried the Caramel twist, good.  Turkey croissant - bread was flaky and yummy stuff inside was okay.  Dessert was yummm, just went sugar crazy!  Love seeing the cake designs too!
5	After our breakfast at their Bellagio location, we stopped for afternoon tea here.I had the Trio, which was a good way to sample a couple desserts. But the real winner was the Strawberry Tart. Flaky, light, buttery and had a champagne like gelee.  Delicate and not too sweet. Loved it! The bite took me all the way back to Paris.The chocolate dragon outside is quite a sight too. Everything is grand in Vegas, and this was no exception.For photos and full reviews please visit my blog.
3	more for their $$$ desserts, I mainly come here just to marvel at their chocolate fountain. For all you instagram aficionados, it's picture worthy. If you have the money to splurge on desserts do try their coffee and almond gelato with the waffle cone. Might as well go full out if you're going to spend almost five dollars on a scoop of gelato.
4	This place has the prettiest desserts.  I had to pass by it every time I was going up to my room in the Aria.  DANGEROUS!!  We did end up getting some desserts and it was very yummy.However, this review is only to point out that the TUNA PANINI is extremely delicious.  The bread it was on was the perfect thickness and crunch.  The tuna melted with the cheese ever so perfectly.  I scarfed this down like there was no tomorrow.  This is not the typical flat panini one would imagine.  It's more just like a sandwich with french bread.  Really good though.  High recommend this sandwich to anyone.
5	I wish they were located by my work so I can go all the time. Very delicious and perfect for light snacks and breakfast. However, customer service is tad off- but I can understand because they do get quite busy during morning when they have to serve the business people before they head off to their convention. I had breakfast and lunch here because I liked it so much. Sticky pecan bun - So flaky and yummy. Highly recommend. Spinach quiche - it is topped with olives (my fav) and light and flavorful. A great morning meal itself. It does not come in a big portion but I never liked eating heavy meals in the morning anyways. Chicken Cesar Salad- healthy and filling. The chicken is not your typical dry chicken breast flakes. Rather, it is tender and rolled up with olives and roasted tomatoes that makes it so enjoyable. I also really like sitting here to people watch. Their pastry is the best. The cream puffs weren't that good. The filling made the breading outside too soggy for my taste. Be careful though as the prices do add up quickly. Things here are a bit higher than your starbuck type faire.
5	This is located on the first floor at Aria, right by the guest elevators. Came here for a some breakfast treats. Coffee Aulait, Bearclaw and Apfel Strudel. The pastries and coffee were very good. Total price for all three was roughly $13, so definitely not cheap but also not too expensive. Took about 5 minutes to get my treats and then walked back up to my room. They also have many other tasty pastries and treats. They have a pretty decent amount of seating which overlooks the casino floor.
5	This place was one of my favorite places in Vegas to grab a quick bite. We literally went here every morning as it was conveniently located at the Aria hotel where we were staying. They have another location in the Bellagio showcasing their famous chocolate fountain, but I feel like the Aria location has much more variety because it isn't just sweets. This place has everything from gorgeous, handcrafted desserts, croissants up the wah-zoo, sandwiches, crepes, salads and even gelato. I think what I love is variety, there is something for everyone. I've tried the chocolate covered strawberries and they were divine. The chocolate croissant just melts in your mouth, it is so fresh and so scrumptious. My husband could not stop raving about the almond croissant as that one also looks so delicious. Taste matches some of the things we ate in Paris so Jean Philippe is definitely authentic french if you ask me. The sandwiches are all prepared fresh with so many different varieties, we had the ham and cheese croissant (can you tell we have a love for the fluffy, puff pastry?) and it was delicious with some kind of red jam and packed with fresh veggies. The atmosphere is very cute, very modern and unique. It is always busy, no matter what time of day you come here as people are circling around Jean Philippe. However, the line moves pretty quickly and within 10 minutes you can usually order and get your items and hopefully find a good seat. This is a must go to for everyone and although the prices are a tad higher than your local coffee shop or Starbucks, you really get what you pay for as the quality is amazing! Everything is amazing and the variety of truffles is insane, and they are all so beautiful. I will definitely be coming here again even if I'm not staying at the Aria.
5	Who wants expensive desserts and drinks?! Well, you ARE in the Aria, come on now people, bring money bags along and get some yummies!I'm being a little silly here, of course, but don't come here without expecting to shell out some money. Jean Philippe is an open-area type coffee/dessert place off of Aria's main casino floor. The intricate sculptures of the "walls" and mod furniture styling is fantastic. The desserts are delicious. Period. I shared with a friend the "Intense" flourless chocolate cake and the Strawberry/Lemon Cupcake. Both were delightful. I also indulged in a coffee, which went perfectly with my desserts. Overall - completely pleased with my experience here and I will come back.
4	Seriously the french are masters at bread and desserts. This place is a great to get your hangover coffee and croissant to soak up all the alcohol from night before. Very modern and wide array to choose from, all items are to die for. Tried the breakfast panini, still drooling. Perfect ooey cheese with paraboiled egg and ham enclosed in the most softest and fresh slices of bread.  Caffe Lattes, yum! Definite stop, too bad we were running late, wanted to grab some cookies and sweets for the road.
5	i got both the chocolate croissant and the sticky bun on separate mornings and thought they were both phenomenal. if i had another chance id just get a regular croissant to see how that was executed. the hype is realorange juice was fresh squeezed and not acidic at allits a little pricey but so is 95% of vegasJEANS: OK by farORDER: counter
4	It's like one of those really cute coffee and dessert shops you would find in downtown Santa Monica or San Diego, except everything felt high-end considering its location in the Aria.I came here for some breakfast, had a cream cheese danish with some white chocolate-flavored espresso (Sorry, forgot the specific name of the drink!) My order came out to be a total of 10.54. The pastry was about 5 and the drink was about the same price. I would like to say that the coffee was a tad bit expensive and seemed like your average local Starbucks espresso. The danish on the other hand was really good. You wouldn't be able to escape the crunchy, flaky, sweetness.I shall return on my next trip to Vegas to better enjoy their other assortment.
3	not only does this place look like a chocolate wonderland, but it is OH SO GOOD! yam yam! my papa spent 50 buckaroos here and got us about 10 yummy pastries (so yes, not cheap). a few to highlight: the 'cinnamon roll', which is exactly what it sounds like, but untraditionally, they goop the cream cheese frosting in a circle on the top, making it resemble... i dunno. something else. something non cinnamon bun-y. delicious though. they also have a nutella stuffed croissant like thing. i just really appreciate the originality of this place. its different, and cute, and delish! i just wish the prices were a little less 'vegas'.
4	great place to grab breakfast if you're staying in aria/vdara. we had croissant, almond brioche and blueberry brioche at $4 each. my fav was the almond. at 7 am, everything was fresh and crispy :-) we'll definitely be back if we're in the area. i was hoping for some cakes/tarts but maybe those are available only later in the day. long q but moves fast. coffee didn't look good so we didn't try any.
5	Since we were staying at Aria, we came here every day for my roasted hazelnut gellato.  I love that the flavor never changes and it's pure perfection!  If you ask for water when you place an order, they give you the bottle for free!I also had gotten croissant ham & cheese sandwich and chocolate chip croissant which were also perfection!The coffee is incredible as well.LOVE this place and will continue to come here.
5	Great sandwiches and desserts.
5	Potato quiche is tasty and rich in flavors. Hands down on the Raspberry Rose Macaroon and Chocolate croissant.
5	Ordered rose macaroon cake, banana crepe and latte, all taste incredible !
5	The decoration and the chocolate both fantastic. Decoration is pretty much whimsical and modern. I love every pastry: the color, display, tasty. I got some Christmas Presents for my family.
4	4.5 stars.  Super nice bakery/cafe in the middle of Aria.  We ordered 2 types of cheesecake and it was top notch.  A bit pricey IMO beyond the tiny desserts since I am not a big fan of Cheesecake, but it was totally worth it
2	Expensive. Poor process flow and service.
5	Before trying this place I was convinced crepes were overrated. My husband and I redeemed a free crepe thanks to myVEGAS so we thought we'd give it a try. We couldn't decide between the sweet or savory crepe so we decided to get one of each. We ordered the Bananas Foster Crepe and the Royal Crepe, both were very delicious. My husband also ordered a scoop of cappuccino gelato and I was in love. I definitely have a new view on crepes and can't wait to come back here.!
1	They purposly make you wait in long line to make more purchases. I was picking up one chocolate and had to wait 15 minutes in line. They only have one line behine bakery line which each customer will order bakery goods takes several minutes each. They use long line trick to think they are very busy and also you will pick up more stuff while waiting. It is a dirty trick and unethical business behavior. They are also way overpriced for something that is not very special or tasty. Chocolate was not even that good for such a high price.
4	Quite possibly the most affordable meal inside Aria. But it is only coffee and pastries. I had a breakfast panini which was served warm with egg, ham and cheese. It was tasty and enjoyable but nothing to rave about. Unfortunately everything here is pre-made, so if you want to take out and ingredient in any of their paninis this is not an option. However, they do have a large selection of fresh made, quiche, paninis and pastries. There is also a connected sweet shoppe with lots of gifty type items. Definitely on the pricey side, but selection is pretty good, you'll find things here that are hard to find elsewhere. Their truffles are amazing, very creamy and flavorful without being too rich.
5	5 stars: Woohoo! As good as it gets!I prefer this location in the Aria to the one in Bellagio because they have adjoining seating. I dislike that they run out of nutella brioches so damn early in the morning. I cherish every tropical crepe I eat, and that coconut sorbet is crime-worthy. There's usually a long line of people queued up at JPP. Sometimes they have a couple counters open, one for everything, the other for just retail pre-packaged goods from the shop area, and cake orders, and this creates confusion amongst the typically brain-dead early risers attempting to get a coffee in order to become functional human beings again. Just get in the longer line, and play with your phone for a while. There's not really a menu, so you need to get up to the front and waste everyone's time while you decide what you are going to order. Depending on what you order, you will then calculate how many extra miles you need to run on the treadmill, or how many crunches are in that chocolate croissant. You won't be able to figure it out. You'll order the croissant anyway.You can't go wrong with anything here. It's probably the best bakery on the strip.  I challenge you to try a different thing every time and order something bad. That's why there's so many brain-dead people in line here every morning.
5	Love the selection of desserts and pastries here. I felt like sitting in the middle of the shelf and going wheeeeeee - I was that happy with this place. The one we went to was in Aria but there's one in Bellagio as well with the famous chocolate fountain. Not very pricey by Vegas standards. The croissant I had was huge with a sprinkling of sugar on top. It is always crowded but turnaround is gr8. Try it!
5	OMG! Sweet tooth overload! AMAZING DESSERTS! Everything is soooo good! Sweet, creamy, and filling! Tons of different flavored gelato and crepes! and they make it right in front of you. There is most likely always a line, especially after the dinner rush time. But it is soooo worth the wait!Dolce de leche Crepe and Creme brulee gelato and Hazelnut gelatohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=SJGg0Tj4Dr9OWhed8vC9Bw#X9s_4S7ixQ3i-m0iJdh0aAUpclose of the crepe:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=SJGg0Tj4Dr9OWhed8vC9Bw#KIZlRKdAN56u7JKSS3-lkg
4	The pastries here are amazing! Came here to with my girlfriend to grab a snack after watching Zarkana. The look of the place is very chic as it is located in Aria. The food here is pricey as end up spending around $20 for two decadent pastries and an Ice Tea.Next time I will try the crepes!
4	Ate a two scoop gelato. Delicious after meal dessert if you are not satisfied with expensive five dining restaurant desserts. Also, won't break the bank too much. One should learn to sample a few before making your selection. My combo of coconut/cappuccino turned out better than I expected.
5	The chocolate art never ceases to amaze me every time I pass by. I always buy a small piece of chocolate on every trip. It has become a little tradition of mine! Good chocolate, never a line, great chocolate art and very accessible.
4	If youre ever in the area, you need to eat not only with your mouth, but your eyes, with the gorgeous little gems sold here. They do a bang up business of sandwiches, coffe, and chocolates here but their prized offering is their vast and beautiful (and tasty!) selection of pastries. My favorite was a merengue with edible rose petals and raspberries--oh my! Heaven! These are amazing to bring to someone's house if they live in the area. When we pass through, we try to grab some to bring home to the family, however, we've never actually had any left to give :-o oooops!!
4	Yes, the prices may be on the high side for coffee and, yes, the lines in the morning are horrendous but this place is worth the hassle and the money every now and then.  The pastries always have me mesmerized - I can stand there and look at them for hours debating which one/s I'll leave with, and trying to convince myself that no, I can't have them all.  I've never tried something I didn't like here.  And, no matter what I wind up with, or what I had in mind when I stepped in line, I always wind up leaving with a chocolate croissant too.  Do yourself a favor and just try it.  It's a soft and flaky pastry sent straight from heaven.  Of course if you're one of those people who MUST eat breakfast or your blood sugar will drop and you'll get cranky and wish you went elsewhere while waiting on the line... then do just that.  It's not one of those deceivingly long but quick-moving deals.  It WILL drag on and on.
4	Review is for macarons only.Fancy bakery with macaron topped cakes, chocolates, gelato, and any sweet you can possibly imagine! I came here for one thing and one thing only - macarons!!!!!!The kicker - they didn't come fresh. Macarons were already pre-packaged in the cold section for $16 for 8. For the size it came in, it was expensive and only carried 4 flavors.But I'm impressed with how much flavor it packed for a tiny sandwich cookie. Yum!!!
4	Yeahhhh Nutella Brioche! I finally got around to coming to this place because I was staying at the Aria with a friend and needed breakfast before our trip to Mt. Charleston. We did wait in line for a long time but it was worth it! I ordered the Nutella brioche with a cafe au lait and my friend a Nutella brioche and a iced mocha. Her mocha was not good and she went back to ask for something different. It was immediate how quickly the manager or somebody in charge gave her something different. That alone is worth a good review on Yelp! I did not try the macarons which is why I can't give it five stars--I am such a macaron sucker! But the Nutella brioche was delicious. Seating is kind of a drag in the morning hours, but you can find something and if not, go somewhere else and people watch--prime for the LV Strip.
3	If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars.This Jean Phillipe (Aria casino area) is larger than the one in the Bellagio. They have separate crepe and chocolate areas, along with the main area with the pastries and sandwiches. We got the raspberry macaron, fruit tart and an orange juice. Each pastry was pretty good, although it was a little pricey (over 20.00 for the three items before.
3	Pricey but it's a nice little alternative if you just want to grab a snack, coffee or light meal. Reasonably good coffee and cakes here.
5	This Aria branch of JP is much better than the Bellagio's cramped version.  Crepes and gelato in one station, pastries in another, and coffee drinks in another.  All stations have their own cashiers and staff, so service is quick and efficient.We got the exotic crepes again and were delighted.  Coconut ice cream with the texture and sweetness of shredded coconut and mango compote covering a beautifully made crepe.  Even the aroma was amazing.We washed it down with a soy latte that was surprisingly warm, smooth, and slightly sweet.  No need to add sugar - maybe it's vanilla soy or something special with how they made it.
4	This place is so cool!  There are crazy art pieces made of chocolate decorating the place along with goodies for sale to make your mouth water!  Its pretty much like being inside Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory :)  We sampled several baked goods and a mocha and everything looks and tastes as good as it looks!  Highly recommended!
2	First off, the  Creme Brulee gelato was fantastic and if I was only reviewing that Jean Philippe's would be a solid 4 stars. It actually tasted like creme brulee (I HATE how creme brulee flavored things taste nothing like it - it's worse than fruit flavored stuff that may or may not even be the same color of the fruit it is supposed to represent).HOWEVER, this is all about  the savory crepes they have.My first tip off that I should avoid them was how there really weren't any reviews when I looked them up on the the ol' phone even though there were 400 + reviews for this place (a total of 26 when I just filtered them online - so clearly not what people come here for). The moral of the story is you won't be able to make any substitutions because they just microwave little bowls of the filler to put in that freshly made crepe of yours. So existentially you are buying yourself a frozen dinner - which is what it tasted like.You also get a little blah salad to really round the order.Considering the plethora of great food options in the vicinity I was really disappointed.
4	Nice crepes. We ordered the souffle berry mix.  Not too sweet,  but just right.  Cream and berries were very fresh.  Good sharing portion if your not too hungry.  People love to stand and take pics next to the amazing chocolate fountains.
4	I've only tried a few things here but all of them were pretty good. A warning tho, the prices they command are quite high. The one item that really blew me away was their Peanut Butter Brittle. It's unlike any other pbb I had ever tasted in my life, which was quite a shock. I had never tasted one so light, yet rich n buttery at the same time. Nice texture and crunch. I'm not sure if maybe its because store brand brittles arent as fresh as JP's. That was the only possibly theory I could come up with why it was so different and so good. The pbb price escapes me atm, but I believe it was around a 3 or 4oz box for $12 or so.I would say its worth trying an item that maybe catches your eye or something you like. Or if you feel like splurging on some high quality confections.
2	A little pricey...but if youre looking for coffee the morning after a vegas night and dont want to go to far from your hotel room, this will do it! We did have to wait in a long line however. Came back day 2 for desserts/snacks. Very good (but again a little $$$).
3	Ever since going to the Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio for the first time back in 2007, I've always wanted them to open another location somewhere else in Vegas. In 2007, I stayed at the Bellagio so it was convenient to come here. However, all the other years, I've stayed in different places so Bellagio was always sort out of the way. UNTIL!!!! They opened this in the Aria, the hotel I stayed at back in April. I was excited that I can come downstairs from my room and have my desserts whenever I wanted. Turns out I was wrong. It's closed early. Long lines and the logistics for lines are stupid. You go up to the counter and order, then you stand aside for 45 minutes to get your order, blocking those who are trying to order. There's a narrow gallery line for you to stand in, so not much space. Seating is difficult, you're standing there waiting for someone to leave, but everyone saves their seats and blah blah blah. Food is pricey here but I don't mind it, that's not my complaint, my complaint is that the food is small for what you pay for. We got a croque monsieur, my husband got some breakfast sandwich and we got macarons to go, it took over an hour to get! Our cup of orange juice was $5 and it was made for an infant, it was so tiny. So I say come here when there's no line (But we stayed at the Aria and always saw a line here!) and later in the day. However, they close at 5, so make sure to not come here tooooo late.
3	I just had a white mocha latte....and it was way-way too sugary!  I was only able to have a couple of sips out of it.  Everything looks good here.  I'll have to come back and try something else.
5	Always go here when I'm in Vegas, and a box of cakes to-go back home :Dlove their Trio cheesecake, Triple chocolate and Napoleon :D This time we've tried the breakfast sandwich and apple strudel, and as always, didn't disappointed us!.
4	Nuttella brioche! Variety of sandwiches (including traditional baked ham and cheese - Croque Monsieur)! Crepes! Gelato! French croissants! Jean Philippe brings the entire sweetness and street food of France and combines it in this one place! A must for breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea or mid-night snack.
5	I may have only had the gelato -- and chocolate for that matter -- but my eyes took in everything else while I was waiting. Fresh and tasty, great service with a smile, and, at least to me, pretty reasonable pricing. Go here -- you will not regret it, then again maybe you will after indulging but that regret will come from the fact that everything is so good it will leave you wanting for more.
4	Gelato is good...particularly the rocky road! Overall though, I found the quality of the chocolate to be better at Max Brenner. It's also a nice place to hit up breakfast because they have killer iced coffee.
5	OMG, I had the banana & brownie crepe - YOU MUST TRY one. You'll need to hit the gym, the next day but worth it. So delicious.
5	holy shoepruewiruweprweprj ! world class pastry's and dessert right here !!! best ive ever had !!! i have the tuttie frutti and cup cakes and triple chocalate mouseee man costed me over 25 dollars but you pay for what you get!!
4	With unexciting breakfast options close by, and not wanting to trudge through the labyrinth that is the Crystals at CityCenter mall without my morning dose of caffeine, grabbing a pastry here was the easiest thing to do. Little did I realize, that one visit would leave a sweet-toothed monkey on my back, and I am now thoroughly hung up on this place. So much so, that I will even wander through the haphazardly constructed Crystals in the wee hours of the morning like an oblivious zombie, when I am staying elsewhere and need to get my patisserie fix. Jean Philippe Patisserie is so worth the trip. My goto breakfast has been either the Nutella or Dulce de Leche brioche -- or sometimes both! -- because nothing says breakfast like puffy bread made with an astronomically high number of eggs and sticks and sticks of butter. That said, I once bought four at a time thinking I could save myself the trip in the morning, but they sadly grew a bit stale overnight, so make sure to tear into them as soon as you can.Recently, I discovered what was billed as a Snickers cake, which much to my surprise was actually a soft, puffy mousse cake that included all of the elements of its namesake candy bar. While I was expecting something a  tad more like a "cake", I was not disappointed by its soft gooey texture.
5	Everything is perfect cant imagine being near one of these full time!
5	I love this place. Located in Aria Hotel, it is not only beautiful and trendy looking but the pastries are so good. Hubby and I ordered almond croissant ($4 each), cappuccino, and cafe au lait.  OMG- the biggest, beautiful, and delicious almond croissant ever. Huge size, fresh almond slices on top, generous amount of almond butter inside, flaky and so buttery. We were there 4 nights, 5 days and ate there 4 times. We also tried the location at Bellagio's and quality wasn't was good. I wished they had more locations but it seems like it is only in Vegas. Also tried dulce de leche brioche- kinda dry bread and too much dulce. Would stick with the almond croissant- u must try it at least once.
5	Cupcakessssss are to Die for.
1	One star for breakfast, based on the value. I ordered the breakfast panini, a cup of coffee, and a bear claw; and that came to $21. The menu promised a high class version of the classic breakfast sandwich, but the cooks did not deliver. I received two pieces of plain white bread with some grill marks on the outside. Inside there was a touch of lunchmeet ham - the kind where you can see the pressmarks through the package at the grocery - a small over-hard egg, and melted Velveeta. For an $11 sandwich, I am used to receiving the heavenly goodness of Zingerman's Deli in Ann Arbor, an equally overpriced town, and that I happily pay for. Jean Philippe left me feeling angry and abused.The bear claw was decent, and the coffee was OK.
5	It's hard to put into words how amazing this place is.. the best I can do is SHOW you, by means of interpretive dance.I tried the coffee and dessert trio, ate it, and then ran my butt back into that ridiculously long line to um.. bring back $40 worth of desserts for .... my.. mom..? (i'm sorry only 1/5 of the desserts made it home, mom)Here's a tip: DON'T get the rose macaron because they're all mine and I refuse to share.
5	OMG. BEST DESSERTS EVER. We weren't expecting a feast. We just wanted to have some desserts for our post-Secret Pizza meal at the Cosmo. Alas, yelp came to save us. This place is undoubtedly amazing. We must've ordered at least 7 items between the 4 of us. Everything was amazing except for this crazy dark chocolate cake. The star of the show was the 3 layer cheesecake and the flan! I would definitely go back again...even at the risk of diabetes.
5	Another winner. If the Jean Philippe is overly crowded, come to the one in Aria. It easier to maneuver around. (may be just the way the store is designed too) I love the decor. They have cakes up on poles and a giant display near the gelato made of desserts! The first time I saw the display, it had giant chocolate flowers. Another time it was a dragon, tribute to Chinese New Year. I wish they had a video on the side or something that showed the production process! Must try: Raspberry macaroon, eclair, tiramisu, cheesecake, croissants.
4	Oatmeal golden Raisin Cookie is Legit!!!I realize that getting all excited over a cookie is kinda lame but believe me when I say this was the best oatmeal cookie I've ever had!It was a perfect mix of butter, brown sugar, oatmeal, raisins and more butter!
4	solid coffee.. solid sandwiches.. perfect for a hangoverthe desserts is food porn and you know you want get dirty..
3	I don't know why I keep getting slow or bad experience here from the workers.ProsStore is very clean and beautiful.  I like eating here while I people watch and watch people win/lose on the slot machines.  The snacks are really pretty and it makes you want to buy them for gifts.ConsFirst time I came here during the soft opening was a disaster.  Each customer must've taken 5 mins.  Now that it's been 2 years, it's better, but still slow.  The workers seem so unhappy.  Order with a smile, get a reply from a tired worker.  I ordered a chinese chicken salad and the lady gave me a paper that said "asian" on it to go pay for it.
4	No chocolate waterfall, but I like the deli layout at the Aria location. Reasonably priced sandwich and salads. I always get a desert and coffee.
5	Excellent food! Very pretty too:) look forward to their salmon sandwich every time I go to Vegas:)
1	This one star does not shine that bright for the turkey spinach crepe I had here last weekend.  Quite disappointing. Too thick. Looked and tasted mass produced.  I mean cubed flavorless turkey meat and mushy spinach.  Can they really stamp this with the Jean Philippe brand?
2	The desserts are okay tasting so I would give it a 3. However as the prices are outrageous I would have to lower my rating to a 2.
4	I normally order the Crepes here when I am in Vegas.  This location is a lot less crowded than other location in Bellagio.  It's cool to see the decorations that he made at each location.  But you really can't go wrong with the crepe here.  It always made perfectly.
4	I have such a big sweet tooth so I was glad this was downstairs from my hotel room. The display of this establishment is beautiful! There are intricately decorated cakes and chocolates everywhere. They have a broad selection of pastries, gelato and crepes. I most recently tried their Apple Sensation crepe with Creme Brulee ice cream and it is to die for.
4	Nice, clean, modern, place to grab a bite to eat or some sweet desserts. Not the cheapest place in town, but it's Vegas right?Nice selection of sandwiches, sandwiches, paninis, salads, crepes, coffees and sweets/desserts/pastries. Almost enough seating but tables can run in short supply due to the hordes of people you find inside the casino.  The place can get a little cramped around the pickup area especially during morning/brunch/lunch hours but the system works pretty well.I ordered a Spicy Chicken & Tomato Panini ($10.95)and a small (12oz) Cafe Au Lait($4.25) for a grand total of $16.43 after tax.  Definitely not cheap but the quality of the food seemed decent and it tasted pretty good.  Afterwards I kind of felt like I should have ordered a crepe though since that felt more like a breakfast/brunch item.  I didn't try their sweets but they did look very tempting.Anyway, this place is a nice, clean option for food if you're in Vegas or just in the Aria Casino in general.
5	OMFG!!!The best croissant I ever had. After the croissant I've had here, I don't know how I am going to be able to eat any other croissants. They are $4.00 each which isn't cheap but I really wish we had discovered it before our last day so I could've had more.We also got Brioche with dulce du lache. This was also good but I much preferred the croissant.
5	I got so excited when I came out of the guests elevators and turned to my right. OH. MY. GOD. I found heaven! *angels sing*For the price you pay for a salad, you definitely get your money's worth. So fresh and they didn't go skimpy on the toppings! My friend at her Asian salad down to the last bite because in her words, the salad was "ah-maz-ing"! It wasn't your typically vinegrette.The Caprese sandwich was just perfect. Ooey gooey mozzarella cheese topped with pesto on a bed of warm bread makes my day any day! So delicious that I'm still dreaming about it...Last but not least, the desserts were AMAZING! Not overly sweet yet scrumptious. They were pretty light yet full of flavor. And sooooo aesthetically pleasing that it made me giddy like a little kid!Yes please, I'd like to come back again!
5	Yes it's pricey but what else do you expect? This is Vegas and everything in Vegas is pricey since they take advantage of the tourists, so I won't be rating it on the price. Actually at $4 a piece (pastries section), it's not THAT bad especially because they are SOOO good. Their almond croissants are delectable. I haven't been to Paris but this is probably the best croissant I've tried so far. They're flaky, buttery, and soft with the right amount of sweetness. MMM my mouth is watering as I'm typing this.  I probably brought $50 worth of pastries back to L.A. with me. They really should open one up in LA. I would die and go to heaven if that happened. Must tries:The Almond CroissantNutella Brioche (to die for)Almond briochetheir chocolate assortmentsI havent tried their macarons but that's going to be the next thing I taste when I'm in Vegas. This place is a must try if you're in Vegas, ESPECIALLY if you're staying at Aria or Bellagio.
3	My boyfriend and I came here after watching Zarkana for some crepes and gelato and here is our experience:We were here around 11pm on Monday night and the line wasnt that long, maybe 3 parties ahead of us.  We ordered two scoops of gelato (delicious) a chicken crepe and a nutella crepe.  We were watching the girl make the crepes and noticed that our order got skipped (we had been waiting around 15 min by now) we asked her about our order and she didnt even look up at us and said Im sorry its not written down here, cant help you sorry and moved on to the next order.  That was unacceptable.  We went to the guy to took our order and he told her he forgot and to begin our order to the girl.  So we had to wait another 20 minutes since she was already working on someone elses to get our crepes.  How unprofessional and rude! On the other hand, the crepes were absolutely delicious, I highly recommend the two crepes as well as the gelato.  Our total was around $27 for the two crepes and gelatos.  My tip is to keep an eye on the crepe girl because she was either having a bad day or she had a bad attitude problem and will mess up your order unless you watch her like a hawk
4	Jean Philippe Patisserie, you have stolen my heart.My cousin was in town and was staying here at the Aria and with the baby in tow, Jean Philippe was the best bet for the three of us. In fact we liked it sooooooo much for breakfast that we came back for lunch.For breakfast we split the smoked salmon bagel and a couple of sweet treats. Smoked salmon was UH-MAZING....thinking about it makes my mouth water now. We came back for lunch and I had gotten a turkey sandwich. Croissant was flakey on the outside but melt in your mouth goodness on the inside. I also got a pain au chocolat to go and a chocolate cupcake for the hubby. Food was really good and I thought the pricing was semi resonable for the sweets. The line looks long, but they have a system that works. This place is definitely one of the cheaper finds that you will find in City Center. I will definitely be back if I'm there.
5	I would say I eat/order from this place about once a week because I'm a regular in the Aria Poker room. This place is very will designed and elegant! Great place to take photos and bring a date, especially if she has a sweet tooth lol.As for myself, I don't eat any of the sweets here because I'm on a strict diet, so I can't say much for the gelato ice cream and other mouth watering sugar fixes they offer here, but I did try all of the sandwiches and salads they offer.Here's a quick list to help you make your choices:PANINIS - $10.95 - All made with Ciabatta BreadTandori Panini - chicken/curry mayo/cucumbers/basil/tomatoes/swiss cheeseTuna Panini - tuna/mayo/tomato/fontina cheese/spinachSpicy Chicken Panini - spicy tomato spread/chicken/swiss cheese/tomato/caramelized onionsBasil Chicken Panini - chicken/basil aioli mayo/fontina cheese/basil/caramelized onionsProsciutto Panini (MY FAV) - cured italian ham/basil aioli mayo/buffalo mozzarella/basil/tomatoesHam and Cheese - ham/country dijon mustard/swiss cheese/spinach/tomatoesSANDICHES - $10.15 Smoked Salmon (MY FAV) - Dill brioche/caper dill cream cheese/smoked salmon/daikon sprouts/egg/caper dill red onionsRoasted Turkey - Croissant/butter/cranberry relish/cheddar cheese/alfalfa sprout/tomatoes/roasted turkey breastCold Ham and Cheese - Challah bread/mayo/dijon mustard/ham/swiss cheese/spinach/tomatoesRoast Beef - Challah bread/horseradish sour cream/dijon mustard/roast beef/watercress/tomatoes/red onionsSALADS - $12.95Cobb Salad - lettuce/grilled chicken/bacon/eggs/tomatoes/cucumber/daikon sprouts/blue cheese/blue cheese dressingWestern Salad (MY FAV) - Bacon,red peppers,cheddar,swiss,corn,red onions,beef steak,black beans,southwestern ranch dressingCaesar Salad (MY OTHER FAV LOL) - Romaine lettuce/grilled chicken/anchovies and pecan filled/parmesan/croutons/caesar dressing.Well I hope this all helps you make a choice! I literally had to type this whole menu myself and wasn't copy pasted as Jean Philippe's online site doesn't have a menu for some reason. SYOY!
5	BEST. GELATO. MILKSHAKE. EVER!I had my first taste of this mind-blowing foodgasm at the other Jean Philippe Patisserie location in the Bellagio on my first trip to Vegas.  I was SO EXCITED to discover they had opened another location in the Aria, where we were staying!  Can anyone say midnight gelato runs?  What a dream come true!Beautifully presented gelatos - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-philippe-patisserie-las-vegas-7?select=O6-5dA0dYS4rqyRAFVn6wQ#O6-5dA0dYS4rqyRAFVn6wQ(& that's showing only half the flavors)Unfortunately I was only able to have one milkshake my whole stay here, mostly because it was SO filling and I wanted to make sure I had room in my stomach to try other awesome Vegas eats.  BUT that one milkshake was so heavenly!  I definitely would have gotten another if it hadn't been our last day in Vegas.We got the hazelnut/cappuccino gelato shake to share between the two of us.  We saw the worker scoop two HUGE scoops of hazelnut gelato and thinking she forgot about the cappuccino part we reminded her "oh, hazelnut and cappuccino, yeah?".  "Oh, yup!" she answered as she had known all along.  Two more HUGE scoops of espresso gelato later, I realize that it takes 4 gigantic scoops of gelato to make this ultra-creamy, decadent slice of heaven!The flavors mixed wonderfully, and we even experienced a slight crunch in the gelato from the hazelnuts--great texture!  Taste was perfect and so creamy that it almost felt like we were drinking straight gelato!  If you're a gelato lover, you must try this!!!As we turned the corner, we saw that they also have a cafe side, where they sell paninis, sandwiches, and coffee.  Will have to try here next time for the gelato + panini one-two punch!!
4	Between the two Jean Philippe locations in Vegas, this one in Aria is my favorite.  Sure, Bellagio has the chocolate fountain but there's something about this particular location that I like more.  The layout?  The pretty cakes displayed all over?  It just seems that the food and desserts here are better and I enjoy coming here more often.  Right outside JP, is a window display of chocolate sculptures they change every so often.  One time it was huge flowers made of chocolate then it was sakura and a dragon (that was my favorite display so far).They have sandwiches, salads, gelato, macarons, brittles, chocolates, marshmallows, cookies, pastries and yummy and pretty desserts!  You can order special/custom cakes.  They have a display of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" which is quite scary actually and I doubt I'd want one.I've gotten macarons from JP.  They come pre-packed in a box with a plastic "holder" so you can actually transport/ship them without crushing the delicate macarons.  They come 8 in a box for about $2 each.  They're ok.Last night we had a Triple Chocolate, Imperial and another chocolate cake.  The labels were a bit off so we couldn' tell which one was which but we're sure about the Triple Chocolate and the Imperial which were amazing.  The Triple Chocolate has a green macaron on top - it's half shiny with chocolate and half matte with cocoa powder and inside is a chocolate mousse and I believe a white chocolate/vanilla mousse.  Then the Imperial...a chocolate sponge cake with hazelnut, vanilla creme brulee and chocolate mousse...mmmmm... My sister got the chocolate cake with a pink macaron shell on top - it was so not exciting that nobdoy remembers what it's called.
5	Came by for an afternoon snack and breakfast at Yum E's recommendation.The chocolates, gelato, and pastries were definitely world class! Delicious!The quiche was a winner. Once heated up, it tasted light years ahead of the frozen ones from the grocery store I'm used to eating. The ham and cheese croissant was excellent as well. The ham and swiss sandwich croissant was delicious too, when consumed the next day.Pricing was on the expensive side, but hey, it's Vegas.
3	We got gelato after dinner at the Wolfgang Puck Italian restaurant.  The gelato was decent, but the whole place is kind of confusing.  After we got our dessert we were directed to pay at 3 different registers before they herded us back to the original register we tried to pay at.  It was also a little pricey for gelato, but it is Vegas so that's not really a big shocker.  I got the cookies n cream gelato and it was pretty average - nice to have on a hot (108*) Vegas night!
3	I went here twice. Once, to try a savory crepe late at night, and once in the morning for some breakfast. I got the forest crepe that had scrambled egg, ham and cheese... - bleh. They put ONE tiny egg in there, and it's not scrambled at all. it just heats up in the crepe.. they use this wheat mix that I am not fond of. It's kind of stiff and it really tastes like wheat or barley... it has a slide resemblance to ethiopian injera except it's not fermented...either way it's no go for me. flavor's off, it's bland... no. Breakfast: I got a few different things to try for breakfast and on the roadcroque monsieur- do not get this. It's not tasty, it's pre made and it's ...sad.cheese danish- REALLY tasty.nutella brioche- YUMMMM..but a LOT of nutella insideSMALL white chocolate mochaSo that breakfast that I got all ended up being 24 bucks. Holy hell, that's expensive. I didn't realize the small mocha would be 5 bucks. I would pay 5 dollars for a good mocha but it just wasn't that good either.If you're getting a small sweet pastry like a danish or a croissant or something like that, by all means, but as far as food goes, skip, skip, SKIP! They are super over priced for a place that has pre-made EVERYTHING.  I think i'd only go here for their sweets like gelato or their pastries. Other than that, DO NOT WANT.
4	First time checking out the Aria location.It's not as fancy as Bellagio's with the chocolate fountain but it is wider with gelato one side, and the pastries & coffee on the other.  All of gelato & pastries are great, with favorites being the hazelnut gelato, strawberry sorbet, and the Nutella brioche.  Their coffees are good too, and much needed with the Nutella brioche, since it is just a brioche FILLED with Nutella. Of course, with it being a casino location, it is pricey, but quality-wise, very good.  Expect $5 and up for a latte and $4 for a pastry.It is also close to the Vdara so if the market cafe at Vdara's not looking too good, make the short trek over to Aria for some legit pastries!
4	Caprese sandwich was amazing! $10.95 for a sandwich doesn't seem too bad for Las Vegas.
1	I was just in the Jean Phillipe Pisstisserie where I ordered two Asparagus Quiches and found one in my bag whenI got back to my room. Welcome to  crappy drive through service. Of course I didn't have my receipt because I didn't know I was at a crappy drive through, I thought I was at a resort so when I went back to talk to the manager with my ticket she told me to pound sand.By the way, while we're on the subject it should not take 20 minutes tonuke a Quiche. The service there is slow, and they still got the orderwrong. I guess I'm staying at one of THOSE hotels with the penny slots huh?
4	Each of us ordered a souffle-style crepe with my wife choosing bananas Foster and me the mixed berries. The difference between these and regular crepes is the addition of a creamy custard in the center. At first glance these might be mistaken for desserts, but the batter ingredients are similar to pancakes so they qualify as breakfast - right? Hers was very good, mine sublime. These I would assign a rating of 4.5I also had a $10 comp towards dessert so we chose a triple mousse and a flan that we brought back to the room. The mousse proved to be run of the mill and the flan oddly dense and heavy. I would not reorder either. These I would assign a rating of 2.5 at most.
4	This is one of my favorite spots to take people who are visiting vegas! The desserts are all so unique and incredible, and the service is always friendly. I also like to take them and walk to the nearby art galleries so I can enjoy eating the desserts while looking at some amazing art! I defiantly recommend visiting this place if you need something to hit the spot after dinner!
5	PATISSERIE GALORE !! When walking through the Aria casino, the beautiful and dreamy decor of Jean Philippe Patisserie catches everyone's eyes.  JPP sells prepackaged goodies, gelato, paninis, dessert pastries and savory pastries.  They're also a cafe selling teas and coffees.  I tried the ham and cheese panini and the chicken pesto panini, both which were absolutely delicious.  I also picked out four dessert pastries, all which were amazing (and I don't even like sweets).  Though the paninis were $10 each and the pastries $6.90 each, I'm definitely coming back here to try the rest of the items that they have !
4	Hotel/restaurant cafes are usually nothing more than "MEH"....but Jean Phillippe, damn y'all. Everything about this place is quite impressive.  Yes, it's pricey and the lines are usually long, but what can you expect for a cafe that's next to elevators in a hotel that has more than 4,000 rooms? No lies - their iced coffee is THE BEST I've ever had. Expensive, but worth it. You won't want any other iced coffee after this.Otherwise, their espresso beverages and brewed coffee are tops.  Their pastries are ridiculously rich, but perfect.  Their sandwiches and quiche are so well done and oh so yummy!We stayed at Aria and probably ate here 5 times.  "Ate here" meaning we sent someone down for morning coffee (none in room at Aria) and had a late night snack (closes at midnight).
5	My mom and I decided to have a snack before our show and decided to have gelato here.  Their gelato is very tasty!  I had the stracciatella (chocolate chip) and coconut.  My mom had dolce du leche and strawberry.  I really like both of my flavors.  The coconut seemed to have actual flaked coconut in the mix so it gave it a nice texture.  They also have chocolates and crepes, plus a separate sandwich/salad counter.  Definitely a nice place to get a snack or light meal when you don't want to go to a sit down place or regular food court.   They have a nice seating area that overlooks the casino so its great for people watching.
5	I make sure to always make a stop by Jean Phillipe every visit to Vegas. Their desserts are as beautiful as they are scrumptious, though they can be sickeningly saccharine.I try something new every time, and I've loved everything I've tried.My favorites have been the vanilla napoleon and the nutella opera cake.The chocolate cheesecake is a bit too sweet, but still amazingly rich and delicious.Their gelato is great, I LOVED the strawberry, and I'm usually not a strawberry ice cream kinda gal. I've also tried the mint chocolate chip (yum!) and the pistachio (good, but have had better).I've only tried one of the breads, the dulce de leche on the recommendation of yelp. I asked the worker which was better, the almond brioche or the dulce de leche, and she recommended the leche, with a heaping cup of attitude on top. Whatever.I found it severely lacking. It was both too dry and waaaaaay too sweet. Not a fan! Still, I go back for the beautifully decorated and meticulously made desserts. My goal: try their whole menu!
5	6/28: Located in Aria. Beautiful design! I didn't really care much for the architecture throughout Aria and Crystals before, but now I do notice it and appreciate the hard work and effort put into everything, including this bakery. I tried the Berry Danish and Fruit Tart. Awesome, tasty desserts! Friendly service. Lots of options to choose from. I enjoy pastries and sweets, but only eat them once in awhile. Though if that's what you love, this is the place to be. Worth a revisit!
5	Game Over! Best Sandwiches/Paninnis in town! Fresh, tasty and so so good! Easy to share. We shared a tuna panini and smoke salmon sandwich, an iced latte and a flan...a perfect Sunday brunch! Not cheap, but well worth those duckets!
5	Me and the wife absolutely loved this place. The one in Aria is open late and offers the whole gamut of cakes, gelato and chocolate stuff. We had the chocolate souffle crepe and gelato and it was very, very good!
5	Have you seen this place? I MEAN SERIOUSLY HAVE TO SEEN IT?! This place is like if you took the hallways of the death star and put HUNDREDS of people looking for chocolate in it. Yeah, that actually means its awesome! Not only does this place have the best tasting desserts in all of Las Vegas, but they are also the prettiest of all the desserts in Las Vegas. Be wary, you are going to most like pay around $8-your whole wallet here, but it will so be worth it as you walk away from the table holding onto that chocolate food baby. What would I recommend? Well that really just depends on what you are craving. Hotter than Pompeii outside and just as dangerous? I'd possibly recommend one of the many amazing gelatos they make from scratch. Or did you just wake up with a massive hangover after having a girls night out at one of the nightclubs? Croissant and coffee would make the day a little better. Or are you just a person that loves something sweet? Well then get everything they have, including the amazing triple cheesecake. Should you go here? No, no you should not...Is what a doctor would say if you were trying to loose weight. I say, run as fast as you can to get the nummies before everyone else does.
5	HEAVENLY pastries!!!  Worth every penny!  My friends and I split a tuna melt, pecan croscant and a cheese cake.  All three were A+ amazing! Looking at the cakes and desserts was an experience too.  I plan to visit Jean Philipee's every time I am in Vegas!
3	Sadly updating this review to a 3-star after my latest visit. Asparagus quiche - was just "ok"Croque Monsier - also just "ok" and ended up being kind of soggySad after having such great memories of this from my previous trip. Nothing really stood out the way it did last time. Also tried a bite of my friend's ham and cheese croissant and again nothing stood out.They were out of the nutella brioche so that might've bumped it up to the 4-star but for now....
3	After a walking around for a while and enjoying beautiful Aria we settled on a cup of coffee and something sweet. Something sweet was pretty good. But coffee sucked big time. It was watered down and no taste. Very disappointing.The stuff at the counter was also quite rude.  I gave 3 stars for decor.
5	What can I sayIt's gorgeous
4	Pretty much the only place you are going to find to have breakfast or COFFEE (other than room service) in the Aria.So, expect long lines.  Sandwiches and coffee are very good so it's worth the hype there. I think I gained weight just looking at all the tantalizing selections.  I just wish the lines were shorter....I hate waiting....I have the patience of a 4 year old.
1	For $15 for a coffee and a breakfast sandwich, one would expect not to receive a burnt sandwich. Terrible
4	Doubt you will find a patisserie of this caliber in all of the United States. Reason why Aria tapped Jean Philippe. Simply the BEST. Anything you order will be of pure perfection. I really would love to write a review of at least one item you should order. But it's difficult to say .. everything here is that amazing. MUST VISIT in Las Vegas.
4	I know this going to sound a little like sacrilege, but I'm not a huge fan of chocolate- but that is not what this review is about. While staying at the Aria Resort and Casino, each morning I would go down the elevator for a great cup of coffee, rather than prepare a weak one in the room. The pastries and the coffee they had were always quick and delicious. Service was friendly as well which is half the battle when you're just  waking up and just trying to unglue your eyes and enjoy a hot cup of Jo. For a sure-to-win cup of coffee or juice and maybe a pastry, you won't go wrong stopping here.
4	Be prepared to wait in a line. We checked out the Jean Philippe in the Bellagio and that was a cluster "you know what", so we decided to go to the Jean Philippe at Aria. At least the line is linear and doesn't confuse you like the one in the Bellagio.Expensive, but the taste is GREAT! It's hard to find a decent French patisserie in San Diego, so I'm happy to shell out a little more cash. Sandwich: I was super happy with my prosciutto sandwich. I think it was about $8 and I was satisfied with what I had. The bread had the famous crunch that French people cherish. I'm not a rosemary fan, but the bread had hints of rosemary and was crunchy. They smother a good amount of pesto on the bread and layer the sandwich with mozzarella, basil, tomato and luscious and light prosciutto. It was the closest taste I could have to pan con tomate and jamon iberico in Spain, so I was a happy camper. The sandwich was heated up so the mozzarella was melty which I loved. Lemon Meringue Tart: It was recommended by the worker. I asked her which one I should choose between the key lime tart or the lemon meringue. I would say the circumference of the tart is about 4 inches in diameter, so its a small dessert and you won't feel too guilty after eating it, especially after a sandwich! The meringue was soft and firm with toasted waves of heavenly taste. The lemon was sweet, tangy and tart. They also had a surprise of raspberries inside the lemon tart. The crust was light and airy. A very refreshing dessert. Think the dessert was about $6-8 as well.To Go Dessert: Get the Brioche with nutella. It's a hit with customers and compliments a cup of coffee very well. The nutella is nice and gooey inside the middle of the brioche. The brioche is made to look like a bread cupcake with the middle ozzing nutella. It's a favorite! Eating at the patisserie can be a challenge because there is always a line. I recommend that you really look at the choices before you get into line. Your mind goes back and forth as you wait in line passing the sandwiches and desserts. They also had generous portions of salads and other assortments of sandwiches and quiches. When you have made up your mind, then get into line. Anywhere from a 10 min to 20 min wait. Sometimes it is so busy that you might not find a seat at the patisserie. There are many barstools and tabletops, but if it gets too busy and there is no place to eat, you can walk around Aria and find a place to enjoy your goodies. I do prefer eating at the patisserie. Wash down a pastry with their delicious coffee. Again, don't be pissed or upset if you drop 20-$30 for yourself here. Places like this are hard to come by, so KNOW before you go.
5	The assortment and beauty of the sweet delectables is jaw dropping! We didn't come here for desserts but for a quick bite to eat before a long night out (of drinking of course)! Thankfully they had pre-made sandwiches & panini's that they warm up in the oven or on a press for you. I got a chicken panini with cheese and sun dried tomatoes & basil. It was tiny for the price of $13! But the first bite I took into it, it absolutely melted in my mouth. The bread was out of this world! Buttery & crispy, it had french written all over it! I no longer minded the hefty sandwich fee and happily devoured the rest of it! I felt like I ate a couture sandwich!
5	"Nobody knows the truffles I've seen."  George LangThis shop is beautiful. Perfectly displayed, perfectly packaged product surrounded me as I went from shelf to shelf admiring the amazing pastries and chocolates. The truffles were beautiful with a perfect bite to them. Everything in the store looked incredibly edible. I ordered two scoops of Gellato since it was over 100 degrees and we were about to hit the strip again. The Mango was fantastic and the Coconut was truly amazing. Prices were very fair for everything that I picked up. Would definitely return when back in sin city.
5	This place is such a cute little dessert stop, conveniently located at our hotel for our visit. I ordered the strawberry tart, and it was amazingly delicious. Red, ripe strawberries on top of a yummy thin layer of sponge cake/other deliciousness that I don't know the name for. I also ordered the caramel twist coffee, which was a great duo with the cake. The coffee was not too sweet, and you can definitely taste their unique brew, with a rich, delicious aroma at first sip. Will definitely be coming back here, even though Vegas is far and it won't be for a while!
5	Such a yummy bakery, the desserts are all beautifully presented here! PRICEY too, so be prepared to break a bank if you plan on buying for a family...They make fresh crepes, desserts and have a small showcase of specialty and wedding cakes! Theyalso have a candied out cobras right outside the main area of the shop.I really recommend coming here to get a taste of a famous baker! I hope to someday be this famous...jk I doubt I could be as talented as this in making cakes and pastries! But if I had the money to blow this would be the place I would do my wedding cake for sure!
3	I know, I know, this place is iconic and I maybe ordered the wrong things, but I spent way too much money here to not have an amazing experience. I ordered the smoked salmon sandwich, an iced cappuccino, and a dulce de leche brioche. I can't recall how much everything was, but I know my drink was over $6. They also charge a lot for add-ons (I think $1 extra)Smoked salmon sandwich was just OK; nothing memorable and lots of bread. The cappuccino was pretty good, but the dulce de leche brioche was way too sweet and messy for my tastes. The bread definitely massively sticks to the paper liner and all the dulce de leche is concentrated in the middle in an explosion of sticky and sugar. Maybe would try it out again, but there are so many other places in Vegas to try out. Definitely a nice place to stop by and see all their desserts and architecture of their little enclave.
5	JP does not disappoint for breakfast, lunch, and a late night snack!Since we stayed at the Aria, we would walk by here every time we would go and leave our room. I probably stopped by here each time to grab a bite to eat. They have a lot to choose from here; crepes, sandwiches, paninis, pastries, gelato, coffee, salads, and so much more. This place is a bit expensive, but being in a 5 star hotel, I can't complain too much. I got the Italian crepe, which had prosciutto and mozzarella in it. It was sooo good. On another occasion, I had the prosciutto panini which was also good. They put a little bit too much oil and vinegar on it, so while I was eating it, I had to be sure to eat over a plate so that the oil wouldn't drip onto my clothing. I did try the opera one night which was very rich. I was a big fan of the vanilla eclair! I think I ordered it twice if I recall.This might be more credit to the hotel security/staff, but one person in my group left their designer jacket here when we left late at night. Didn't realize it was lost until the next morning. Pretty sure the jacket was long gone, but I called down to security to ask them about it. Long story short, someone had reported the jacket as missing and handed it to the lost and found. The jacket was returned to us immediately and all was good in the world once again!Tip: If you have a breakfast crave, head to JP instead of waiting on that ridiculously long and slow line at Starbucks on the promenade level.
5	MADE MY 21st Birthday so special! As I walked by the bakery I noticed these 3 tower tall mini cakes that were the most beautiful thing I have ever seen, so we talked to the employee and she was able to order one 24 hours in advance for my birthday! The cake was PHENOMENAL. IT WAS absolutely beautiful everyone kept complementing it because it was soooo cute! and the taste was just phenomenal. The employees were all super sweet and patient!After ordering the beautiful cake and loving it, I ate at Jean Philippe everyday for breakfast and it was sooooo amazing. The chocolate chip cookie was literally to die for and all there other pastries were exquisite. Not only is JEAN PHILIPPE able to master a work of art by the looks of the pastries but the taste doesn't fall any shorter. THIS IS A REAL MASTER PIECE. WISH there could be one in NYC !
4	Hit me with a Red Eye please.Nothing better than a Coffee w/ a shot of Espresso before a long night of drinking. If that's not your "cup of tea" then you must try their respective pastries. Variety alone will get you hungry even if you just finished a 4 course meal. JPP crushes the dessert market.Visited February 2013
4	I come here for the tiramisu gelato and the croissants every time I come to stay at Bellagio. The gelato has chunks of what looks like coffee soaked sponge cake or lady fingers and a heavy taste of the creamy taste in gelato from the mascarpone cheese. Most of the pastrys are very good. The blueberry brioche is one of my favorites however nothing can beat the magnificently made croissant.
3	I truly feel that I cannot give a completely accurate review of Jean Philippe Patisserie.  I had just dined at the Aria buffet, and I had so many desserts from there that all I wanted to do was go into a food coma.  All the desserts looked absolutely stunning.  There was so much detail and creativity put into each and every dessert.  I got to try the red velvet cupcake, the cheesecake, and another dessert that I cannot remember.  My favorite was the cupcake because it was probably the nicest looking one.  I was expecting the colored coating to be hard, and was surprised to find that it was actually soft.  It was very rich, creamy, and moist.  Again, it would have probably tasted better had I not eaten at the Aria buffet just a few minutes prior.  -1 star because I felt that the staff were irritated that my party took such a long time deciding on what desserts they wanted to get.  I could see the look in their eyes that they wanted us gone because they were taking so long.  I do not understand though, since there was no one else in line, and they did not seem like they were doing anything else anyways.
5	Have you visited the younger, sleeker, sexier Jean Philippe yet?I really think you should.  If you've already seen the original Jean Philippe at the Bellagio -- with its (in)famous chocolate fountain -- you might think you've seen all there is to see when it comes to Jean Philippe's sweet treats.  But you'd be wrong.The new Jean Philippe in the Aria is completely different.  It's stylish and contemporary -- a work of art that seems to arise out of nowhere in the midst of the sprawling Aria casino.  There's no shortage of beautiful things to look at here.There's also no shortage of amazing things to taste.  Although savory items such as crepes and sandwiches are available, I'm all about the gelato, chocolates, and pastries.  There's far too much to try in a single visit, so I recommend getting a few small items to sample and share.  In my case, it was an assortment of small chocolates, a raspberry macaron, as well as a small cup of hazelnut gelato.They're all absolute perfection in terms of quality.  I doubt you can do better anywhere else in Vegas.That's why Jean Philippe in the Aria is a must for any tourist with a sweet tooth.
5	When coffee machines don't exist at your hotel rooms, you are forced to buy coffee somewhere else like in the hotel restaurant or cafe. Most often, you end up with mediocre coffee. But I'm glad Aria forced me to buy coffee from Jean Philippe Patisserie because it was worth every penny, including their pastries and sandwiches. If you want to spend your meager gambling winnings ( less than $40), spend it here. Their almond croissant was buttery and almondy delicious.  Breakfast sandwich was full of hangover-friendly ingredients. Coffee was perfectly brewed and smooth. One thing which I regretfully did not get to try are their cakes and savory crepes. So gorgeously presented, it makes all the patisseries in NYC look bad. Why this joint is not located anywhere else outside of Vegas is definitely a puzzle for me.
5	I'm going to make this review short and sweet just like JPP!If you're used to great baked goods, pastries, chocolates and sweets like I am... then this is your stop. Jean Philippe Patisserie is your single best friend in Vegas if you're a lover of all things sweet and sugary. I was overwhelmed with choices in chocolates, pastries, cookies, etc. Their macarons are ridiculously complex and make any others I've seen or tried pale in comparison. I only had a small piece of my friend's macaron and it pretty much blew my mind. The chocolates were flavorful and delicious. There was just too much goodness here to fit into one stop. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll make sure to swing by at least twice to ensure I get to try as many of their goodies as possible. Come here first and save yourself from wandering through other casinos looking for inferior shops. I'm a huge fan!
4	Chocolate, pastries and the sweets are very good! However, the service is slow and not very friendly!!!
5	Annoying service, stupid amount of plastic you have to throw out....BUT don't go anywhere else for pastries or desserts.  Absolutely incredible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Was craving a strawberry daiquiri as I was laying out at the pool. Instead decided to come here for some gelato. I decided to get the sugar free strawberry flavor. This fed my daiquiri fix and was perfectly sweet. I believe my single scoop was $3.50 and the size of my fist, but worth trying.
4	I ordered the Proscuitto Panini and Strawberry Lemon Cupcake.The panini was delicious. It was grilled perfectly crispy and flaky. The mixture of the prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and pesto sauce were well balanced - seasoned well. I would eat it again!The cupcake was ok. It was very sweet. The cake itself has a very strong almond flavor. The topping is a very tart and sweet lemon flavor. I would not get this dessert again as there was nothing that made it stand out. It was just an okay dessert.
5	CrepesThis is a must every time I come to Vegas. I dream of their crepes all the time. My favorite is their chocolate crepe, which has brownie bits, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream. I don't share. Can't do it. I've had the souffle version and I thought it was simply too heavy, and this is coming from a person who loves anything decadent when it comes to dessert. It'd probably be better off with a fruit topping if you order the souffle. I've also had the apple and pecan and loved it. The pecans complement everything very well.  I've also tasted the passion with coconut gelato and that was also really good. I would not order the bananas foster here. The bananas are overcooked and mushy. If you're a banana fan, hop on over to Mon Ami Gabi and order it there. Pastries and dessertsI've tried the opera cake here and thought it was just too much sugar and didn't have enough flavor. The sugar overpowered everything. I've had their pastries and love love love their almond croissant. Their dulce de leche brioche is okay... I like their croissants better. I've also had their hazelnut eclair and thought that was pretty good, although I wouldn't order it again. Also had their Mother's Day special one year and thought it was delicious!SavorySad to say I have not really had any of their savory menu items, but definitely plan on trying their smoked salmon. I had their veggie sandwich, not the caprese, but the roasted vegetable and thought the bread was a little too airy and felt like I didn't eat much. My mother had their tomato chicken and wants it every time we go there now. Apparently the tomatoes make the sandwich outstanding.CoffeeI always buy a couple bags of their whole bean perfect roast. It is so perfect I drink it black. It keeps me sane while waiting for my next trip to Vegas to visit JPP. Their caramel twist is their perfect roast sweetened with caramel syrup and topped with whipped cream. Tastes like a caramel macchiato and pretty good. I've also had their white chocolate and plain mocha which are good, nothing absolutely special. Candy and suchI love their chocolate nougat. Their vanilla nougat is more firm and chewier and I like them both. They are loaded with nuts and not cheap on the pistachios. Their chocolate cookies with the white chocolate on top is absolutely amazing. They use Valrhona and it shows. Their white chocolate on the cookie complements it well. Peanut butter is okay, but I think Bouchon's Better Nutter is, well, better. Their was this one candy I couldn't stop eating. It looks like polished rocks, I forgot what it's called. It's basically sugar covered apricots and such and that is definitely a treat and hits the sweet spot. I have a high tolerance for sweets and this was pure sugar, but in a delightful way. I have to remind myself I ate the largest tube in one sitting and not to buy that size ever again.  Their biscottis are pretty good and not hard or gritty or too sweet.Jean Philippe is a MUST. A vegas trip for me is not complete without at least one crepe here and going home without their perfect roast coffee beans would be a nightmare... It's the only thing I have to look forward to when I come back home to reality and have to sit in a cubicle all day.
3	Taken Jean Philippe Patisserie's popularity in Vegas and Hong Kong into consideration, my friends and I were excited to visit Jean Phillipe at both Bellagio and Aria. While I was fascinated by the chocolate fountain at Bellagio, my friends preferred the large variety of food and the modern decor of Aria. We considered the food at both stores consistent. My favorite pastry was the rose macaron - it not only contained fresh raspberries, but also had light cream and a moist shell. However, it tasted artificial and sugary. Furthermore, the rose flavor could be strengthened. In comparison, Laduree's macarons' ginger and rose flavors complemented each other. Laduree's macaroons are better than Jean Philippe's overall.  My friends shared the intense chocolate cake, which was creamy and soft, and recommended it to Yelpers. However, in their perspectives, the chocolate crepe was overrated, as it tasted no different from homemade crepes. I would love to try Jean Philippe's chocolate and other flavors of macarons in the near future. Yelpers, any recommendations? P.S. Jean Phillipe, your website is not working. Please ensure that the site runs smoothly to meet customers' needs.
5	I love this place!! We got the Nutella Crepe with 2 scoops of ice-cream (pistachio+ vanilla) and was sooo good.
5	Okay, any place in Vegas that you visit twice during a trip has to be good. This place was fantastic. We had lunch here on our first full day in Vegas, I had a croque monsieur and the boyfriend had a ham & cheese croissant. We finished off with a nutella napoleon. All were amazing. The seating area is lovely and comfy; an oasis in the middle of the gaming floor. The next day I went down for breakfast. I picked up a chocolate croissant and cinnamon bun for breakfast. I inhaled mine. I really, really wish there was one of these near me. They do pastries and chocolates right and it shows.
5	Thanks to my friends who recommend this place to me!  Man.... I am totally falling in love with this place! I am not a fan of macaron, so I can't give you any comment about the macaron.  But I tried their desserts, I am not kidding, it's the best!
4	Wonderful, and to all those people one floor above in line at Starbucks .... Wake up!
1	I just left this place ten minutes ago out of frustration. I was planning to buy chocolates, macarons, and drinks but ended up leaving. I am a dark skinned Indian girl for reference. I waited 10 minutes for a gentleman to finish up with his customers only to get passed over not once but twice afterwards for white people despite being next in line. The woman who worked there just looked at me and moved on. When I said something she paused looked at me and then went back to talking the white family she passed me over for.I am never coming here again.
4	Macarons. Chocolate croissants. Nutella pastries. Delicious. Wouldn't recommend the actual savory foods. Stick with the desserts.
3	Not to be confused with the Patisserie at the Bellagio -- this one is at the Aria!I ordered a soy chai tea latte here along with a rose raspberry macaron after a much-longer-than-I-remembered trek from the Marriott Grand Chateau. Stupid me forgot to ask for my chai to be iced, but it was still pretty decent. Tasted like your general, run-of-the-mill chai tea latte (if you like yours a tad more sweet than chai-y).The macaron was pretty good, too, once we finally got back to the hotel room with it. The raspberries were fairly fresh (like from that morning). It was overall chewy and fairly flavorful, but we had no idea what the filling in the middle was made of.
5	The only reason why I always stay at the Aria Hotel!!!This place is the best!!! I love their crepes, pastries, sandwiches, and everything else!!!It is a little on the pricy side, but what isn't in Vegas?!
3	Chocolate!!!! Yes please!! Winner of best chocolate pastry chef in world competition!! YES AND DOUBLE YES!!!I am a serious chocoholic....I seriously have chocolate addiction issues so when I saw this place I had to go try a chocolate pastry......diet can wait another day! I picked out the chocolatiest pastry they had which was a type of Nutella bar with chocolate fudge on top, topped with more chocolate ganache goodness!!On to the taste....it was good...extremely good...but is it the best chocolate pastry I have had...no. Did I want to still stuff my face with it and go get another one...yes! I take off two stars because when you claim to be the best chocolate pastry chef in the world I expect you to blow my mind! If you're going to dabble in chocolate and get me all excited and ready to pay $7.50 for a pastry you had better deliver big! All in all....pastry good....mind blowing good....no! Would I come back here? Probably yes, but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to other people!
3	It has decent stuff but overpriced in my mind. I know its Vegas and its in a hotel and it's famous but still.
4	Sweet tooth's galore! Loved all the chocolate pumpkins they had on display, but my mind was focused on one thing, macarons! Picked up an espresso and pistachio, and they are tiny at $2 a piece. But they were perfect bites of heaven! Things are pricey here as I witnessed a little boy get a milkshake for $10 here!
3	We had the Napoleon, Opera and chocolate covered strawberries.  The Napoleon was great, but the Opera was terrible and the strawberries were really tart.  I wouldn't recommend Jean Philippe Patisserie because it's just an eye candy bakery.  It's bright.  It's flashy.  It's pretty.  It gets the attention of sugar addicts, but I'm pretty sure you can get better fine pastries at a better price elsewhere.Would I go back?  Yes.  But only for the Napoleon.
4	I only had one thing, but DAYYYUUUMMMM was it good. Had the raspberry cheesecake, which was surrounded by a white chocolate coating. I'm not a white chocolate person at all, but this was some good chocolate and even better cheesecake.
4	Came here with my cousins and im glad i did! Very delicious and fresh crepes. Walking up the place looks cute with glass shelves filled with unique chocolates and treats. I chose the exotic crepe. It came with fruit topping-mango, pineapple, and passion fruit. It also included a scoop of coconut sorbet. THE BEST sorbet I've had! Filled with fresh shredded coconut. I would go back and get that same crepe or just that sorbet. I also ordered to go a fresh fruit tart I are the next day. It was also fresh and tasty. Good fruit: pastry ratio. My one cousin enjoyed her crepe and my other his cookies n cream gelato We all said we would come back. The reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars was the service from the cashier
2	My husband and I just got married at the Aria and in our wedding package, we were given a mini wedding cake from Jean Philippe Patisserie.We were given pictures of about fifteen different cakes and had to pick one. They were adorable. It was the hardest decision of our entire wedding, because we wanted them all! They were like mini-works of art.We arrived in Vegas and saw all of the cakes in the store/restaurant. We got even more excited. They were just as amazing in person.On our wedding day, we were given our mini cake (could feed 6-8 maybe) in a plastic case. We took lots of pictures and kept it in our Sky Suite to have for breakfast the next morning.The next morning it had melted a bit and the top tier was sliding. It didn't matter, we just wanted to eat it. We went to the concierge lounge to get cutlery and dove in.As beautiful as our cake looked, it did not taste very good. The exterior coating was thick and sickly sweet. It was awful. The interior cake and creme was okay, but not great. We took a few bites and dumped it. It was a huge let down.I would definitely not recommend the cakes. Look at them ( they are so, so cute), but don't buy one. However, what we saw of the restaurant looked good and we might give it a try on our next trip.
3	Two words to describe?:DELICIOUS and EXPENSIVE$12.00 for a Salad$12.00 for a Panini$8.00 for a Cheese DanishOmlet - I'm not even sure how much THAT wasAnd a chocolate made to look like a miniature layered cake $23.00$3.00 bag of chips? Most reasonable thing in there!They have to be out of their mind, they're lucky that it was a 3-minute walk from my hotel room, if not - there would be no service from this girl. Maybe their prices wouldn't be crazy high if they didn't have a designer create it with such detail from the huge cakes, to their lighting decor, to the seating, and enclosing walls. Insane. I have to give it to them though, their food was excellent. It just puts my rating down by two because my wallet went dry.
5	I love this place. It's a must visit whenever I go to Vegas. They have two locations - 1 in Aria and 1 in the Bellagio.  The one in Aria is bigger and nicer.  It reminds me of something you would see right out of a Dr. Seuss book.  I've tried their chocolate, croissant, desserts, and this awesome spiced chicken panini sandwich.  It was sooooo gooooood!!! I can't wait to have it again the next time I return to Vegas! I also need to try their crepes.  I've heard great things and saw a lot of people order them.  Be prepared to stand in line during peak hours.
1	I had an awful experience - will never be back. Don't make the crepe before you confirm my payment/voucher and then reject it then ask me to pay for it. On top of which it wasnt a very good crepe - the topping is in a heated container so the fruit is dense and thick. I am so sad I waited for months to have this crepe.
4	I love this place. It's one of the reasons I like staying at the Aria. We average about two stops per day when we're in Vegas. My very favorite thing is the rose macaron. The macaron is delicate and crisp and perfect and the fresh raspberries are delicious. It's big enough to share, but light and not too sweet and altogether delicious.The Asian salad is perfect for eating at the pool...refreshing and tangy and spicy, with lots of crisp veggies and well-cooked and seasoned shrimp.
3	I'm stuck between 2-3 stars but will bump it up to 3 stars because I visited this place 3 times while I stayed at the Aria.  The first time, we had breakfast and I had the ham omelet and a gingerbread steamer.  My fiance had the smoked salmon crepe.  We barely ate half of our food and just threw away the rest.  The food was so disappointing considering the hefty price tag.  Also, if you're coming here for breakfast, DON'T.  It's packed. And a cluster.  We were confused as to which line to order our drinks, which line to order food, which line to buy desserts.  Forget it.We came back in the evening after watching Zarkana with the family so my nieces could get gelato.  I had a bit of everyone's gelato (hazelnut, mango, coconut) and I have to admit, it's pretty good gelato.  I ate mostly the hazelnut gelato and the nuts were crunchy and had a perfect toasted flavor.  I'm a fan!The last day we were there, my fiance got some coffee and bought me two chocolates: earl grey and salted caramel.  We ate this on the drive back home and I thought that the chocolates were tasty but not the best I've ever had...and definitely not worth the price tag.  Overall, it's a nice place to look at pretty desserts and for gelato.  Otherwise, it's overpriced and definitely overhyped.
1	This review is for SERVICE only and based on our last experience this past Saturday. Being Vegas residents and this being my husbands favourite chocolatier in the world, we visit it about once a month. In the past decade we have probably tried everything on the menu! Needless to say the only reason we keep going back is because we love their creations.On Saturday we were there with our 5 yr old son who is highly allergic to nuts. As precaution and matter of habit, every time we are in a restaurant we ask if his food contains nuts. We did the same at JPP (and this is not the first time we've taken him there). We got him a chocolate mousse looking thing (the patisserie shelves were almost empty and some items did not have any name-tags on them) and while placing the order asked if it had any nuts. The supervisor says, "we don't guarantee anything". That's the strangest answer I've ever heard. Well, no one one this planet can guarantee anything, but since the pastry doesn't have a name-tag and since you guys have made it can you perhaps tell me if it has nuts? Now the guy gets extremely irritated and tells us in a curt tone, "no, it has no nuts, but we cant guarantee anything". Needless to say we were very upset by his attitude but not wanting to disappoint a 5yr old we got him the mousse and left. This has to be the first time in 10 yrs my husband left without getting a crepe or some chocolate dessert for himself.
4	Not a person hung up on sweets, but this place, oh my had amazing things! Yum! The chocolates & pastries were amazing! The nice thing is if you need something to offset the sugar rush they have some amazing sandwiches & salads as well. This place is definitely a grab and go place. We couldn't find anywhere to sit & eat our desserts so we had to opt to take it to a lounge. That was the downfall. We weren't thrilled about eating some yummy treats in a smoke filled lounge. No good, but no choice. :( If you have a sweet tooth this is the place for you! If you stay in a nearby hotel they serve breakfast items as well.
5	This one's inside Aria and is a bit larger than the one at Bellagio.  It also has more seating to enjoy your tasty goodness.  The pastries are delicious.  The Key Lime Tart, Tirimisu, Lemon Tart are all fabulous.  Check-out the amazing chocolate display of Zarkana as well.  If you're a dessert person, this place is a must try.
5	A not so quick tip + some quick tips!1. FREE STUFF TIP: if you have Facebook, get the app MyVegas. It's a slot game that allows you to earn real rewards. Here, if you earn 10,000 loyalty points you can redeem either a "Signature Pastry" or a "Crepe." While that is interesting in itself, the best part is that these two rewards generate a voucher that is good for about $10 in food & beverage credit at Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria!2. Jean Philippe is located next to the elevators leading up to the Aria hotel or really close to Haze nightclub.3. Jean Philippe is best known for their pastries, but they also serve delectable sandwiches and gelato!4. Try the chicken panini's they are awesome.5. JP is also a chocolatier and has many different confections and chocolate available.Jean Philippe is my favorite stop in the Aria. Not only is it "affordable," it is also part of the MyVegas rewards program. Every time my girlfriend and I head to Vegas we will farm loyalty points on MyVegas and purchase the two rewards to use at JP for a free lunch/brunch/breakfast meal. The savings actually add up!Now beyond the free stuff spiel, I must say that the sandwiches there are excellent. Among our favorites are the panini's. Particularly the chicken ones that they have. We have tried their pesto panini and it is pretty damn good when it comes out fresh, hot, toasty and crunchy.They also have a variety of diabetes inducing pastries. If after looking through their delectable mixture of desserts and pastries you cannot decide, I recommend trying their sampler. It comes with a chocolate peanut butter cake pop, a creme brulee, and a raspberry macaron.Speaking of macaron, across the way and past the pastries, there is a crepe making station as well as gelato and an area for chocolate and other delicious confections. Their gelato is pretty excellent, though a bit pricey.If you are a fan of regular breakfast foods, don't fear they do have muffins and donuts and the like. As well as stuff on the healthier end such as salads.I have never had a problem at JP with service. It gets busy around the area and it may be difficult to find a seat, but the service has always been friendly and efficient. The reason why I also like this location better than the one in the Bellagio is that it is less busy. This is primarily due to the fact that they don't have the world's largest chocolate fountain running through their store, which means that there are not a lot of people milling about as a tourist attraction.Anyways, this is a great place to relax, refresh, and eat a nice breakfast, lunch, or light dinner. As a side note, this place is also open til 12 AM!Happy eating!
2	The pastries were OK (I'm a pastry chef myself, so I can make the same stuff), but the service is terrible. Bored looking workers, no acknowledgement when you get to the counter. No hello, no smile, just give me your money. Took 10 minutes to get two items that just needed to be put in a box. And it wasn't from being busy, I saw a lot of screwing off. I get that working in customer service in Vegas can be trying, I wouldn't do it. But, I paid $15 for two small pastries, is curtesy to much to ask?
4	To be fair, I only had one thing here. That one thing, turned out to be amazing and that was a nutella crepe with strawberries inside (((mouth begins to water))). I knocked off a star for the somewhat confusing layout (there are three separate lines) and you don't realize you're in the wrong one until you've already stood there and get to the front, only to be told you're in the wrong place. Great.  Since I wanted a crepe, they pointed in the opposite direction. So I jumped into yet another line and because of the layout, I wasn't sure if I was in the right place again (didn't see any crepes being made) so I ventured around the corner, saw crepe making and a register and stood there. And stood there, all the while being absolutely ignored. Finally, I asked if this is where I order and the unfriendly girl making crepes pointed to the line in which I previously stood. Kind of stupid since the menu can't be seen from the line so how would someone know what to order?? Based on a recommendation, I already knew what I wanted but had I not, that would have been frustrating. Seating can suck as well. That being said, the crepe was made fresh to order and was presented beautifully.  The display cases are gorgeous, packed full of every type of pastry and confection your heart (and hungover stomach) could possibly desire.
4	I love bakeries. Jean Phillipe's is the kind of place that makes a dessert lover want to cry because it's just too beautiful. Everything here is so pretty and cute and tasty looking, but all cost a pretty penny. It's probably best to just stare at the display cases for a long time and just pretend you're eating what's inside, because there's no possible way for you to afford the money or stomach capacity required to inhale everything you might want here. It's kind of tragic really. On a more serious note though, GET THE CREME BRULEE GELATO. IT TASTES LIKE REAL CREME BRULEE. THERES EVEN BROKEN UP SUGAR PIECES MIXED IN. ITS AMAZING. Okay I think I've said enough.
5	Most delicious chocolate croissant in the whole entire world!!! I have tried chocolate croissants many many places and nothing comes close to this place!! Their ice cream is also good and of course best chocolate!!!!!
5	Prices are on the high side, but I was expecting this of any store in the Cosmopolitan. This bakery is booming with business, as it should be. Their display items are pieces of art and their store is decorated very beautifully. It was so hard to decide what to get because I literally wanted everything and their selection is huge.
2	Ice cold $10 egg sandwich: check.Ice cold $4 coffee: check.This place sucks.
5	Enjoyed looking at everything and I mean everything that was made out of chocolate! Amazing work!
3	While the desserts are tasty and well made. The prices and service is not. You could tell everyone working their just WISHED they were somewhere else at the moment. They could care less about actually serving you unless you asked for help. We ordered the sweet trio and my friend told the worker if we could get the second one as the first one was damaged. For some reason she told another worker to do it instead and did not relay the message at all. It was only after we paid and were seated that we noticed that the dessert was damaged and had to bring it back for them to give us another. Though not very difficult, we shouldn't have had to deal with that to begin with.
5	I love this location in comparison to the Bellagio one.  This one has a really good design for seating, while at Bellagio, everyone is fighting for a seat at the limited 3 tables that are off to the side of the shop that are always occupied or the chairs have been dragged to another table so that a family of 6 can dine at a table for 2.  Their selection of sweets aren't are large as at the Bellagio, but for a quick bite this location suffices.  Not to mention it's not far from the sky suites lobby.  I love their crepes, the savory ones comes with a small side salad with a nice vinaigrette dressing.  I always get a box of their truffles to take home with me.  They're so smooth and creamy!
5	This is my second time staying at Aria and this cafe is the best thing about the hotel! The pastries - there are so many! They all look beautiful they taste delicious and most importantly they are always fresh! So many people are constantly ordering that all the deserts are being made constantly! They have delicious gelato too! I had breakfast here today and let me tell you, the Salmon Crepe was SO good also got the Nutella crepe with fruits which was so yummy! The staff here is friendly and works great under pressure. I just wish the prices of the to go sweets were cheaper - they are ridiculously priced. Also the place can get pretty crowded during meal times. They have sandwiches and omlettes too. The crepes and omlettes take a little while so opt for a sandwich if you are in a rush. Can't wait to come back!!
4	Chocolate... EXCELLENT! Crepes ... EXCELLENT! Pastries... EXCELLENT! Seating to enjoy your food... very limited, very tight seating areas (no real seating at the other location) Ordering, disjointed, doesn't flow and can be a little confusing. Other than those minor things... the staff we nice and we really enjoyed our food.  I would recommend this to others. 4 Stars
5	This is such a beautiful dessert place! Every dessert is so intricately decorated--it's almost too pretty to eat!! I ordered the rose macaroon and chocolate mousse. Both were SOOOOOOO perfect and delicious!! The rose macaroon even had a sugar rose petal on it! Can't wait to go back :)
4	Although I have been to Vegas enough to declare it a second home, I had no idea there were two Jean Philippe Patisserie. Literally next door to each. Well sort of.  I have passed this spot a few times, but had no idea it was the same as the fancy bakery with the chocolate fountain.My guess is this place is slightly busier than the Bellagio location. I was told there was a 45 minute wait for a crepe. Considering there were only a few people ahead of me in line, my only guess is that the other guests who ordered crepes were patiently waiting at a table or some d-bag in front me ordered for himself and 20 of his closest friends. Either way, I ended up with a sandwich, the rose macaroon, and a strawberry lemon cupcake. Total $25.Roast Beef Sandwich: Looks like it should be hot, but it's not. Despite that, it was actually pretty freakin' delicious. Maybe I'm biased, but the bread was soft and I love roast beef and horseradish. It was a pretty good size, still overpriced at $11. My guess is that it was made with extra love.Rose Macaroon: I have an aversion for anything that sounds like it'll taste like flowers. But my nephew said that looks good, and you only live once. It wasn't too flowery. I'm a sucker for macaroons, but I think regular sized versions are better. Purely for convenience.Strawberry Lemon cupcake: + 10 points for looking like the a cupcake from the future. +10 points for not disappointing in the flavor department (not too much lemon, not too much strawberry, not too sweet). + 5 because a spoon required (which sounds like it should be minus points, but I actually prefer cake in an actual cup and using a spoon. Keeps it neat.) I want this to be my next birthday cake. That's how much I loved it.
4	We had $50 daily worth of resort credit at Aria, which we really had a hard time using up, as we had already made dinner reservations elsewhere for the remainder of our stay... so we did what any foodie worthy person would do... head to Jean Phillipe and start pointing to pastries that look good, until you've covered your allowed $50 for the day... Likes: the almond croissant is just fabulous, very well done, crunchy, not gummy as many others I've tried, with a delicious almond paste filling. Also on the top of the list are both Brioches' (the Nutella & Dulce de Leche) with a nice amount of filling... no skimping here. The cinnamon roll was very good, but nothing extraordinary. Dislikes: The desserts.  Both cheesecakes we tried, pumpkin & original were not really proper cheesecakes, but rather a lighter version made with mouse.  Too much air, too light for a cheesecake ... When inquiring I was told that most if not all of their cakes and desserts are made with mouse. A proper cheesecake should be a bit dense, not too sweet, with a bit of cream cheese taste still identifiable... and these just weren't.
3	Came to Jean Philippe the other day and had a wild berry smoothie. The smoothie was really good. Wish I didn't pay $10 for it, but hey what are you going to do? Saw some crepes cooking while I waited for the smoothie and they looked delicious. Might be my go to the next time I stop by.
4	This place has great pastries. So far, I've had the chocolate eclair (which also has vanilla cream in the middle), the pb chocolate lollipop which had nuts encrusted over the top & the coffee with mocha.. All of these are pricey but yummy. Yesterday I had the chicken Caesar salad for lunch. I think it was fairly priced & okay.Just strolling by to look at the pastry case can be nice because their desserts provide great eye candy.
1	Worst Customer service ever!!! Bad bad experience with the store manager and one of their employees. I can't believe a store like this will argue a $2 extra for Chocolate sauce! I paid for it, never got it, and was asked to show an ID with my receipt!  My mouth just dropped to hear it and walked Way.  The sad part the store manager. Britney asked me to do so...  Shame on YOU.....  Store needs to learn how to treat customers in America......
1	Jean Philippe ... please start investing little on your to go boxes. I got sweet trio to go and found all caramel out side of Creme Brule because the box in which it was packed was too small. I have seen small cupcakes shops doing better job in packing pastries
5	I am here only for their desserts. I am not a dessert person but am definitely impressed by its cute decorations! After passing by it one time, I decided to give it a try. I ordered a scoop of coconut gelato and love it very much. I want to go back and try other flavors of gelato and cakes next time I visit Vegas!
3	When I walk pass by.... WOW! Beautiful cake decoration! I can't resist to stop & check out the store... and of course take lots of pictures!!Checking out the prices for the merchandise they are selling... kind of pricey. Maybe because it is the pastry shop in the hotel.
5	I just had the blueberry cupcake.. Omg.. Divine! I was scared that it would taste fake crappy because of the bright color on top, but it's not fake tasting at all. When you dig a spoon in, there are layers of different kinds of mousses and creams. I will post pics
4	This was my first time trying gelato, and I am a fan. Jean Philippe has other assortments of treats and goodies ranging from drinks to cakes. Their display of these goodies will make your mouth water.The prices are on the higher end of the spectrum, but I guess it's because it's right in the middle of everything (casinos, sites, shopping). My one scoop of tiramisu cost about $3.75 + tax. It's not at all outrageous, but it could have been a tad cheaper. I don't recommend getting the tiramisu. The caramel brulee tasted pretty good as I stole a sample from my friends. If you are unsure about what to get, you can get samples and test out the flavors yourself. This is one of two locations in the area. I believe the other location has a chocolate fountain because I did pass it along the way. I would say give this place a go, but I am sure there are other places selling gelato for a lot cheaper.
5	Best pastries ever! They are almost too pretty to eat!
5	I passed the JP Patisserie in the Bellagio one evening, but after seeing the huge line I decided against it (there were crowds around the chocolate fountain, which is very cool to see in person). Tried the ARIA location, the line is just as big, even at 10am! My boyfriend and I came to try to some breakfast...and couldn't pass up dessert while we were at it. We got a couple sandwiches, some coffee (chai tea latte for me) and a couple desserts. I tried the Trio and he got the red velvet cupcake.Although it was a bit of a wait, it was worth it. Everything from the drinks to the desserts were on point. It was a challenge to find a place to sit, but a couple ladies saw us waiting and got right up since they were just lounging.The sandwich I got was the Turkey panini. It was juicy and the bread had a great crunch. All the ingredients were very fresh (the tomato was extremely juicy). I'm not a big fan of mayo but they mayo they used was delicious. Whole sandwich gone in less than 3 minutes.The best part, of course, was dessert. The trio featured a rose and raspberry macaron, Snickers cake pop, and a creme brulee, all on a chocolate base. The cake pop was the most surprising as usually cake pops are a dry mess, but this tasted exactly like a Snickers ice cream bar! My absolute favorite, though, was the rose macaron. Best macaron I've ever had. I wish I had gotten the large macaron instead of the trio! The red velvet cupcake was different, but extraordinary. Every layer was rich and flavorful. Everything in this place looks delicious, I wish I could've tried it all!! It can get expensive once you start adding things up, but everything is worth the price it was given.
1	My ham and cheese croissant was extremely soggy with no body or texture was completely messy. I can get a better croissant at a hole-in-the-wall donut shop for $2.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #23 - #365If you're looking for that Vegas experience with seductive desserts, than I suggest you go to Jean Philippe Patisserie inside the Aria casino. I was craving for some dessert and didn't want to pay an arm and a leg on the strip for some sweets. So, I went on to MyVegas page and bought a Crepe coupon for 10,000 points and I ended up saving myself $10! How sweet was that!Very very tasty and it just melted in my mouth. I ordered the Chocolate Crepe with Raspberry sorbet and added some fresh strawberries.Mmm Goodness, I was in Crepe heaven, it filled me up to the point where I had to skip dinner. Next time I'm at Jean Philippe, I'll try those savory pastries and some sorbet while I'm at it by using MyVegas points to comp my meal.
4	Tried many things at this Patisserie when I was staying at the Aria hotel in Vegas recently.  The coffee, tea, and orange juice are good, as is the dulce de leche gelato.  The pastries are very rich and filling.  The tiramisu is not the best but it is good.  The cheese danish is big and tasty.  As for the salads, the Asian salad is good (comes with shrimp, not chicken and it is prepackaged).  The wrap sandwiches are pretty good as well.  The only thing is the line can get crowded with people merely wanting to take pictures of the pastries.  The prices are on the high end definitely, but for Vegas that is to be expected.  I would definitely come back here again next time I'm at the Aria hotel and I want to try the crepes.
5	Desserts are amazing! I had the pistachio gelato and tried one of the cheese cakes. Not only do they taste divine, they look great. The service was great and there was not a long wait. Everyone was friendly. You can also order cakes there for different events. You do have to give them 24 hour notice though.
4	This place is amazing.  Fantastic crepes, and an eye dropping dessert line up.  Great quality!  It is on the pricey side for the amount, but it doesn't disappoint in taste.
5	Every time we go to Vegas, we HAVE to stop by to get desserts from here. Everything we've gotten has been fantastic! My family and I are the toughest critics when it comes to desserts, so trust me when I say this place is amazing. You won't find quality like this at your local bakery.
5	Where do I start? Jean Philippe does not mess around. Everything is good. When you order it always feels like you are going through an amazing buffet and want to have one of everything. It's not a buffet though, so you will have to pay for each item, so be careful. This place is expensive, but it's really worth it. All of the food is high quality, fresh, and delicious. Some of my favorite items:-The turkey croissant sandwich-The paninis (all of them)-The quiche with asparagus Dessert-The chocolate eclair is hands down the best one I've ever had-The strawberry tartChocolate:-All of the chocolate is goodNougat:-They are all good. Recently got some raspberry and pistachio Crepe:-I have only had the sweet ones and they are great. I need to try the savory ones next timeDrinks:-Mocha and hot chocolate are awesome-Orange juice (so fresh)You really can't go wrong with this place. If you are in Vegas, then you have to stop here.
4	Jean Philippe, you are a genius! Wish I was there when they had the chocolate dragon for the year of the dragon. I stayed at Aria recently and walked by this patisserie as I was going up to my room. Decided to pick up a few items for lunch. We came here three times during our stay. The first time we had the cobb salad, which was very good. Second time was chicken pesto sandwich, croissant sandwich, raspberry rose macaron and fruit tart. The last time we had a chicken pesto crepe from the crepe station. I am a sugar fiend, so I will get dessert pretty much every time I eat out. I would say that the raspberry rose macaron and fruit tart, while beautifully arranged and presented, are not worth getting. The flavors did not leave a lasting impression. The crust to the fruit tart was too thick. On the other hand, the savory items, especially the chicken pesto sandwich and crepe (if you like pesto) are a must try. It is quite pricey, but I definitely recommend trying this place out if you are in Vegas. I also love how they open late (:
4	Jean Philippe Patisserie at Aria has such a beautiful presentation of deserts and gift items.. but what I ended up having was the Apple Sensation Crepe.. a long wait but worth it! It was one of my MyVegas facebook game rewards so it was a nice treat.. tasted great.. The service is very professional and efficient.. I tried the Berry Crepe on another visit and it was excellent also.. Only issue is it can get cramped here it is hard to find a seat... If staying at Vdara, Aria is about a 3 min walk and Jean Phillippe is conveniently located at the Aria entrance closest to Vdara...Looking forward to trying a beautiful desert here next time!
5	Jean Philippe is absolutely superb. The food is of the highest quality and the flavors are complex, varied, and most importantly delicious.I've only ever had desserts at Jean Philippe but I would have to say that's what you should be getting when you go there. I've tried some of their chocolates which are very good, and a friend once had their creme brulee which he said was top notch as well and cooked well.But my favorite thing at Jean Philippe has to be their gelatos/ice creams. They are some of the absolute best ice creams I've ever had as they are just so full of flavor that lingers just long enough in your mouth for you to truly savor the wonder. My friends and I agreed that their cookies and creme was one of the best ice creams we've had in our lives. I'm also a very big fan of their dulce de lecheI should point out that the Jean Philippe at Aria and the one at Bellagio do have slightly different options and some of their flavors presumably rotate.Can't recommend Jean Philippe highly enough
5	I love gelato..they have so so many choices..the nutella crepes are amazing..and key lime pie is the best!  U must try everything
5	This is a must when you are in Vegas.  Love everything about this place.  It's like you are in a bakery wonderland.  Everything is a work of art.  Their sandwiches are delicious, too.  My only advice would be to check your order before you leave.  One on occasion I was missing a sandwich and it was too much of a hassle to go back to get it.
5	Excellent desserts here. Unless you get something truly exotic, you will not be disappointed. They do everything very well.During our last visit to Las Vegas, Super Bowl weekend, the wife went and picked out four desserts. I enjoyed all of them. There was a key lime tart, and an assortment of other chocolate-based options. Because I was not at the counter with her, I can't tell you exactly what they were. I can tell you, though, that my palate was extremely happy with the items she brought back to the table. Win.
5	5+ stars. But does that need to be stated? Jean Philippe is the best and they know it. Every aspiring pastry chef should stop here once in their lifetime, just to be  inspired. The artwork and detail they put into their cakes, chocolates, and pastries is nothing short of amazing. I'll admit, one of my guilty pleasures is coming here often (guilty because it's so expensive, I feel guilty). I'll update this review with more pictures and descriptions soon. So far these are the pastries I've triedRose Macaroon - rose colored macaroon stuffed with raspberries and cream. Absolutely gorgeous. The taste is really light, I couldn't taste the rose. It's kinda shame I inhaled the thing, as it was much better to gaze at than eat. Pistachio rice krispy - Good. They have different types of rice krispy treats next to the register and I got this one because it was green. The pistachio flavor was really light. My favorite purchase so far has been their small box of chocolates. It comes in a gorgeous box, that is akin to an intricate jewelry box. Their chocolates are small explosions of flavor, just the way I like my sweets, enough to pleasure the palate but not too much so that a diabetic high follows. My favorite flavors were the simple ones: Rustic (Crunch Pralines with Gianduja Ganache) and the Tahiti (White Vanilla Rum Ganache). But every flavor I tried was outstanding. I highly recommend buying a box, not just for the chocolate connoisseur, but as a gift that will impress and amaze.
5	Chocolates ordered include Canelle, Rustic, Crunchy, Earl Grey, Gringo, Tahiti, Piemont, Caramel...suffice it to say that neither time nor a second location has diminished the quality of Jean Phillippe Patisserie, a second visit to the larger Aria location proving every bit as good as the first as I shared eight varieties of chocolate presented in a jewel-box display with a friend.  From the bright aromatics of the cinnamon Canelle to the simple pairing of chocolate and salted caramel each of the two-bite squares was beautifully crafted with subtle nuances and with well sourced pure-bean chocolates both dark and milk providing the backbone every flavor and texture proved remarkable; the coffee spiked Gringo and rum soaked Tahiti my personal favorites, and all the better enjoyed at the restaurant's counter overlooking the casino floor and the scene that is Sin City on Saturday night.
5	Had the chcocolate eclair,  must have if you love chocolate with a perfect crunch and a creme filling. Will be back for sure.
4	When staying at Vdara or Aria, this really is the best choice for a quick latte and breakfast. I visited many times for a little morning caffeine and pastry. Nothing disappointed either other than the long line and inconsistency of the lattes. When trying to get out and about as fast as possible in the morning, waiting in a line for 15 minutes for a coffee and croissant is a little annoying. Also, when you're paying a premium for a latte, you kind of expect it to not vary in bitterness and creaminess from day-to-day. The big demand on this little patisserie really puts pressure on the staff to preform quickly and accurately on each order. Little mistakes (like the lattes) are forgivable, and for the most part those don't even appear to happen often. Overall, I'm very impressed with how the staff handles the chaos of the morning rush. I probably would be tearing my hair out after an hour of customers changing then re-changing orders, continuous bumping into other staff, and the constant stream of white noise from espresso machines and slot machines. Props to all those who can handle it.This really was a golden addition to Aria. It fills a very specific yet prevailing need of it's and Vdara's guest; better coffee then Starbucks and more food options. I can honestly say that without JP, I would have felt there was something lacking in my experience staying at Vdara.
3	This dessert shop is located on the Aria next to the Zarkana theater. There is a wide array of deserts from gelatos and sorbets to crepes to the chocolates, macarons, and candies from most patisseries as well as cakes and baked goods. I was excited to check this space because the displays are so intricate and impressive. I figured the actual deserts would be better than most. After dinner in the Cosmopolitan, I came here with a friend to celebrate his birthday. Berry gelato is my go-to and it was tart, the way I like it. Too tart for my fiance. He really liked the cinnamon roll which they heated for him. Those were probably the best oc what we ordered. The macarons were disappointing for $2.25. The cappuccino was bland and the raspberry lacked jam so it only tasted like raspberry essence. The chocolate was only a little better. At least the strawberry piece had fruit filled jam inside. My fiance's chocolate cake was too rich. Overall, there was a wide variety but it was definitely disappointing. I wouldn't mind paying these prices for high quality dessert but it just didn't measure up. I wonder if done of the newly made desserts are better in the morning. Service was slow. We had to wait in 3 different lines and it was inefficient. Seating is available and self-selected. Remember to bus your own tables.
1	So my boyfriend and I were here this last Sunday and were really wanting to try this place for breakfast. After waiting 25 MINUTES in line, we get to the register to place our order and the lady tells us it's going to be another 25 MINUTES for our food to come out. Whatttt?? 50 minutes for a crepe? No thanks Jean Phillipe's. The least you could have done was to give your customers a wait time in advance. Unfortunately, we just left and didn't get to try their crepes so I can't tell you how they tasted but as far as customer service goes, this place is a thumbs down.
5	The best chocolate I've ever had. Their milk chocolate and dark chocolate bars are so simple, but I love them the best because the clarity of flavor really shines through without the distraction of creams or nuts or other accoutrements. JP chocolate is light, and not cloyingly sweet and full of additives like, say, a Hersheys bar would be. It just tastes expensive! The actual shop itself is like an adult Wonka Factory. The chocolate fountain is ultra whimsical and there are beautiful pastries and boxes and specialty chocolate displays everywhere and it's just... it' s just a happy place. I'm sad that I don't have constant access to JP chocos, as I'm from Hawaii. I must stock up and nibble at them covetously in bed every night :b Rations, ppl, rations!
4	It was pretty funny, as I Yelped JPP to figure out what type of dessert to get, I read this one chick's review about the opera cake and then I was sold. And then I realized it was my own review from a few years ago. Self-convinced! Anyway, I decided on the opera cake (~$7) and hubby went for the cheesecake (~$7). The line was really long on a Sat. morning and the servers were kind of attitudinal (for reals!), so we decided to cancel our order and come back when things piped down a bit. I think that the 'tudes brought my review down a star because when you're in a magical sugary fantasyland like JPP you sort of expect happy servers and rainbows and glitter spewing from the sky.It doesn't mean I won't be back 'cuz it's still my fav Patisserie in Vegas.
5	Jean Philippe, my go-to spot for desserts. I have yet to be disappointed by any item I've tried, and I don't anticipate ever to be disappointed. They have a variety of delectables, from pastries to gelato to paninis.
3	Located just past the lobby and lines for Haze. We had visited the Bellagio location the night before and this location was faster, but the creeps were not as good. The strawberries were sour, the whip cream was completely without taste and the style of crepe building was different. The crepe was entirely folded before any garnishing was added. Very little Nutella or chocolate in comparison to the Bellagio location's crepes.  The crepe maker was also less than friendly. Go to the Bellagio location just past the Conservancy.
5	This place gets five stars for charm alone. The cases are full of beautiful little pastries, chocolates, and gelato and everything seems so decadent. I couldn't help but stare at them every time I walked by. It seemed appropriate to stop for a little breakfast before leaving town. The coffee is excellent, but pricey ($5-6 for a latte). If you like brioche, try the dulce de leche or nutella variety. It's such a charming place that you'll want to stay awhile!
4	While in Vegas, my girlfriends that got there earlier told the rest of us about a crepe place in the Aria.  I'm such a huge fan of crepes that I had to try it.  I ended up going there in the early morning before my flight.  It was ambitious as I was pushing it a little with the timing.  Luckily the Aria hotel was not too far from the Hilton where I was staying so walking was not too long.  It did take awhile to order and get my crepe but the cashier did ask me if a 10-15 minute wait for the crepe would be too long.  I did order the veggie savory crepe and did enjoy it but felt rushed trying to eat it.  I would definitely want to try one of the sweet crepes to see how those are also.  JPP also does have other items on their menu like pastries, salads, coffee, etc,.. so plenty of items to choose from.They are limited with seats but it wasn't a problem finding a seat.  Since the Aria hotel is non-smoking it definitely helps in that you don't taste smoke while eating as the place is not closed off and right next to the tables.
5	Amazing little patisserie!! I spend way too long staring at all the deserts! So much detail and so beautifully created. And the white, milk and dark chocolate water fall thing... Droooools. The little deserts are definitely affordable as well and tasty!
5	best best best! been there a few times and it's always the best i've ever had :)
5	eat nothing but an eclair... best in the country!
4	Anytime of the year I visit, Jean Philippe Patiserie never ceases to amaze me! They are brilliant at what they do, and their ideas are so exciting and new..they are constantly "wowing" people taking pictures with their cake designs, and scrumptious desserts. I always find myself strolling in here "just to look" at what they have to offer, but end up leaving with bag fulls..they look too good to pass up!Below are a list of things I've gotten from here (Some multiple times.. too irresistible!)Medium Box of Chocolates $56.25 without tax included (25 pieces)  It's assorted, so "Flavors may include:Anise, amaretto, banana, caramel, cinnamon, coconut, coffee praline, crispy chocolate, dark chocolate, gianduya, lemon, mint, orange, peanut orange, pistachio, praline, and vanilla rum."  Honestly, do yourself a favor and get a box of chocolates! They come in a nice package so it'll also make for a perfect gift for yourself or a loved one! -Raspberry Candies $15 (6.3 oz.) "These hard candies are as refreshing as they are tasty. The bright, slightly tart flavor of raspberry is blended with sugar to create a candy that is delicate yet tangy. These raspberry candies are the perfect balance of tart and sweet." Artisan Jam -Strawberry $12 (8 oz.)"Each one of these flavorful jams are handmade in small batches ensuring the ultimate in freshness.... Using a high-ratio of fruit, and a low amount of sugar results in a jam that is high in flavor and low on fillers."Pure Wild Flower Honey $12 (8.5 oz.)"These honeys' are carefully hand-packed to ensure the utmost in flavor preservation. Aromatic wild flower hone is a delightful addition to any baked good or cup of tea."Caramel Popcorn $9.95 (7 oz.)"This classic American snack is the perfect compliment of sweet and salty. Light, fluffy kernels of popcorn are covered with a thin caramelized sugar coating..."-Key Lime $7.57 w. tax includedKey Lime Emulsion, Almond Dough, Whipped Cream -Rose MacaroonRaspberry Macaroon, Rose Infused Cream, Fresh Raspberries$7.57 w. tax included-Raspberry TartRaspberry, Pistachio Cream $7.57 w. tax included-Strawberry Tart Mousseline Cream, Almond Macaroon, Almond Biscuit $7.57 w. tax included-Raspberry Napoleon Fresh Raspberries, Vanilla Cream, Puff Pastry Dough $7.57 w. tax included*We've also gotten a box of French Macaron's to enjoy when we got back home... but they were quite brittle so I'm not sure if maybe we waited too long? I don't recall the price but I believe it was roughly $16 for the box if my memory serves me right. On a side note, the JPP at the Bellagio has a floor-to-ceiling chocolate fountain that's been certified by the Guiness World Records as the worlds largest chocolate fountain! (But sorry, before you bring your own strawberries... it's glass enclosed!)
5	OMG!!!  Best sticky buns ever.  Everything we ate there was delicious.  I cant wait to come back.  The oatmeal cookie was really yummy too.  Next time I want to get some chocolate.  King Sugar Showcase Supreme!!!
5	When I first saw this place I knew I had to eat here. The decor itself is gorgeous. The rotating layer cakes around the store and special Zarkana display, which are decorated extravagantly, are simply works of art. I was only able to try the Triple Chocolate dessert which is a chocolate mousse with dark chocolate ganache-like coating, white chocolate cremeux inside, and a chocolate filled macaron on top. Needles to say I was in chocolate heaven! The chocolate is so light and smooth with just the right amount of sweetness. If I lived in Las Vegas I would probably come every day. Sadly I will have to wait until next time I visit to try more of Jean Phillipe's creations.
4	Hello!?! It's JEAN PHILLIPE!!! My eyes were just going bonkers looking at all the different chocolates that were available. The desserts were so eye catching and tons of souvenirs!!! They have food such as salads, sandwiches, etc. Along with coffee and tea selections. The staff was EXTREMELY helpful and so kind. I had the Opera (chocolate mousse type cake) and a vanilla eclair. THE VANILLA ECLAIR IS SO GOOD!!!!!!!!! The cream is on the thicker side and it's the perfect size for your buck! The cafe latte is very good too, smooth and creamy and perfect with the sweet desserts. Souvenir wise I got the coconut and chocolate macaroons, white chocolate covered pistachios, and coconut tuilles. Every single one of them was so good! The chocolate is such high quality and not too sweet. Gotta stop by whether you buy something or not!
4	So flawless.So fancy.So modern.So delicious.So creative. So expensive. So worth it.
4	If delicious food and great dessert is your cup of tea, then you're in for a real treat. If you've eaten macarons (macaroons as most would spell it) from Laduree, Pierre Herme, Bottega Louie or 'Lette (just to name a few), then you understand what a good quality macaron is! Jean Philippe's macarons are up to par with all of those!Get their rose macaron with custard and fresh raspberries. It's an oversized macaron and not overly sweet as the rose flavored custard and raspberries complement each other very well (I know you're mouth is watering now). Shoot, grab yourself two while you're at it!Their sandwiches and wraps are damn tasty too! If you're not super hungry and want something that isn't so heavy, grab yourself a croissant sandwich or wrap (I opted for the chicken pesto wrap). Though not necessarily cheap (we spent more than $40 for 2 sandwiches, a cup coffee, another cup of OJ and a macaron), it's well worth your money for some damn good eats! Have someone get in line to order while one of you grab a seat first as this place gets pretty damn packed. The line is always a good 20 minute wait. And there are 2 lines, one for their food and one just for the chocolates and smaller sized desserts, just a FYI!P.S. - Aria offers free valet parking. But don't come here just for this place if you don't plan on gambling and hanging around Aria.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.  I love everything about it. It's casual but the food is of the highest quality. The line moved rather quickly and they have everything you can think of....... Pastries, chocolates, coffee, sandwiches, gelato.  It's all amazing.  Today I ordered a croissant sandwich, coffee, cinnamon roll and later in the day I made another stop and got some gelato.The croissant sandwich was filled with generous portions of fresh turkey and sharp cheddar cheese.  I loved the cranberry relish and the sprouts gave it that crunch.  They have mayo and mustard in packets... I just add mayo to make it more decadent and rich.  WHY NOT!OK.......You must get their cinnamon roll.  It's huge and has great cinnamon flavor.... It's buttery, flakey and moist all at the same time.....The cream cheese frosting is where it's really at though.  I could prolly just eat batches of that icing.... Good thing I don't work there..... I would be swiping my finger across the top of a cinnamon roll on "accident" every 15 minutes....Coffee at Jean Philippe is pretty pricy... Espically if you add any flavors or an add shot..... An Iced latte with some vanilla and an add shot could be upwards of $7/$8. But hey, you're in Vegas.... Starbucks is just as pricy!Last but certainly not least is their gelato.  It's rich, creamy and tastes all natural... Like it was just made in back with love and care. It probably was! The oreo cookie and espresso gelato was the perfect way to end my day of pure spa bliss at ARIA.One of the great things about Jean Philippe is that it's in prime people watching territory..... Just don't let them see you shoving a cinnamon roll in your face, they will stare.
5	Excellent pastries!Their croissants are amazing. This place and Bouchon Bakery are two of my favorite patisseries on the strip.It's located near the north valet entrance facing Vdara, which makes it more approachable for residents in Panorama Towers and The Martin. It's a five-minute walk using Harmon Bypass Bridge over I-15.
5	everything here is incredible....  that is all.
3	I think by the sheer number of different pastries, I can see why people get excited here.  Presentation is unmatched other dessert places on the strip.  But presentation is half the story.  Even though it is good, it doesn't leave me with that must come back attitude.  My group all order different cool looking pastries, so I had a chance to try a little of each.  Nothing to write home about.  Great photograph moments, but the taste is what will make me come back.  No home runs.  If I"m in the Aria and want a pastry, I would come back.  But I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  Go get a Red Velvet Cake at the Grand Lux or a Coconut Cream Pie at Carnegie Deli for a go out of my way dessert.
4	Coffee here was aiiite! about 3 bucks for a small cup.The macarons and lil dessert pieces were delicious! I recommend the hazelnut square.
2	The coffee was excellent but unfortunately the pastry I got was quite stale. It was a honey roll with pecans and was totally unacceptable for a reputedly good pastry shop. I won't be back.
4	On our most recent visit, my wife and I each ordered the mixed berry crepes which were topped with a generous scoop of whipped cream and a variety of fresh berries. The crepes were executed to perfection and delicious, but I believe these would have been even a notch better if I had remembered to order the souffle style like we did on our previous visit.
4	Delicious paninis! We tried a prosciutto/mozzarella and the tandoori chicken. The sandwiches could have been a tad lighter on sauce but overall had a good ratio of fillings to bread. The top layer of bread was crispy but the bottom was kind of soggy due to the heavy saucing.The desserts looked yummy but we were too stuffed. Maybe next time!
2	Based off the service alone, this would have gotten a one star, but the pastries are pretty stellar, so in order to do justice to that, I settled for a two. After a long night in Vegas (just walking, eating and watching a show - Jabawokeez rock!) we landed up at John Phillipes for a dessert around 12:15am. Note to Patisserie: I know it's late at night and even though you don't close until 2, you have run out of most of your pastries... but please, please take the signs out of the window for the ones that are missing! The longer I stood in line, (total 15 minutes), the more disappointed I got because of viewing the pasty item tags that weren't there that I was actually in the mood for! Anyway, we finally got to the man taking the orders and he just looked at us and grunted with a pen and pad in his hand. I stared back at him until he finally spoke and said in a rude tone, "know what you want yet?" (No, I have been waiting in line for 15 minutes staring at me feet the whole time. A little, "Hello. How can I help you?",  would have made all the difference - and by the way, when did we get off the plane in the east coast?) So I told him our Oder and I was debating on coffee, but before I could tell him, without asking if "that was all", he went on to the next person. I decided not to say anything and went to the cashier instead.No hello from her either, or smile. She looked like she wanted to commit suicide and that being there was the last place in the world that she wanted to be. My hubby ordered a bottled soda and I asked her politely for a glass of ice water. She never acknowledged me or my hubby and went to get our drinks. She wasn't the brightest crayon in the box, because she came back with a glass of ice. I looked at my hubby and he shrugged. So I took the glass of ice, figuring that he could use it for his not-that-cold soda and asked her again for a cup of ice with water. She looked at me like she was about to murder me, than turned around to get it. I was pretty pissed. It takes a lot for me not to say anything, but I decided against it.We got to our table with our desserts. The caramel chocolate thing was excellent, the fruit tart, not so much. I've had better at Portos Bakery in Los Angeles (my home). I would have returned here to try some other desserts later on, but won't, simply for the inadequacy of their employees. I don't excuse the lack of customer service for the late hour. I work for the airline as an agent. When you have a delayed flight with an original 10pm departure that's delayed and delayed, then finally cancels at 1am, passengers don't give a crap how tired you are and don't want your attitude. It's your job as a CUSTOMER SERVICE PERSON to provide excellent customer service at all times. If you can't do that, get a different job.You know, Airline agents are rumored to be some of the most horrible customer service personnel ever (with the exclusion of myself). So Mr. John Phillipe, thanks for giving us a run for our money.
5	Yummy! I headed here straight from the airport for breakfast. Lines were busy, but moving. Excellent food and especially great dessert.
5	Tons of options!!!! Love it and what a great dessert display! Like the fact that they had a mini dessert sampler too! So delicious!!
5	This place is dessert heaven!! Seriously dangerous for people trying to watch their diet, like me! Everytime my bf and I stay at Aria, I always have to stop by here several times. Sometimes we grab lunch here, they offer pretty good sandwiches and pasta. I tried their tandoori chicken sandwich and lobster pasta. Pretty good! And of course for sweets, plenty of desserts to choose from. They also have a section specifically for crepes too. I ordered their berry crepe once and omg... Devoured that thing in less than a min. So delicious! It's always usually very crowded. Never really open seating. It's defInitely very  convenient esp if you're staying at Aria hotel. I'm addicted to this place!
3	The food and pastries here were fantastic. The service was very friendly. Their pricing is extremely high and not locals friendly.
4	Service can be slow and indifferent due to the huge crowds.  However, the pastries are top notch.  Add an overpriced coffee and enjoy yourself.
4	I feel bad.  I've passed by this Jean Philippe Patisserie inside ARIA countless times, but I had never tried tried them until this last trip to Vegas.  I always knew they had some awesome sweets and desserts, and that they sold various types of pastries and croissants.  However, if I had known their paninis were so good, I would have come here so much sooner!Although they aren't always busy, there's usually a crowd on Sunday mornings.  Like my friends and I, a lot of people drop in to grab something relatively quick before heading to the airport.  However, don't be scared off by the line; it may look bad, but it actually moves rather steadily.  Finding seats when they're busy, on the other hand, can be a little tough.While a couple of us secured a table, my buddy helped me order the PROSCIUTTO PANINI (~$11).  It looked good on the menu (Cured Italian Ham, Basil Aioli, Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, and Tomatoes), but it tasted even better.  Prosciutto and mozzarella are two of my favorites, but I really liked the aioli and how the bread was perfectly buttered and toasted.  It's a little messy to eat (it drips), but it's delicious!Based on my sandwich alone, Jean Philippe Patisserie is easily worth FOUR AND A HALF STARS, but I rounded down because of price.  As good as it was, the portion was just a little too light for the money.  Still, it beats the food prices at the airport though.  Now I just have to make my way back to try some of their sweeter treats!
4	Delicious!!! Ended up eating there twice in two days. The first day I ordered the key lime tart which was very good. The second day I ordered the white chocolate , chocolate, Oreo cheesecake which was AMAZING!!!! I want to try everything!!!
5	Yet another awesome establishment inside the Aria.  I didn't try the food, but I did indulge in the pastries and coffee.  Be prepared to pay tourist prices here... it's not cheap by any means. The quality is very high and the service is great.  I particularly enjoyed this place because they allowed me to grab and go without me having to worry about how I'm dressed.  Their cheesecake and gelatos are a no brainer.
5	I was in heaven with the almond croissant, apple brioche and bold, rich coffee served at Jean Phillippe Patisserie!Wow, the croissants couldn't have been any more buttery or flaky, with just the right amount of sweetness ---very authentic to French style for sure!There are two locations...one in Aria and the other in Bellagio...I visited the one in Aria which was underground right near the casino...I wonder if the Bellagio location has more natural light. The only thing is that it feels like a dark dungeon eating in this patisserie...the patio overlooks all the slot machines...which isn't ideal.THe crepes are supposed to be very good, so next time i come to Vegas I will check out the Bellagio location. Try the croissants for sure, they know what they're doing if you like French food.
3	It's a little on the lower side of ratings. Maybe less than three stars. I thought lemon would be great and mango would be horrible, but it was quite the opposite.Consistency: can lack, not overall smooth (for both flavors)Lemon: bitter as hellMango: deliciousPrice point: Kind of cheap for what I gotScoop size: your second scoop is smaller, kind of meh.People in my group liked this place, I've had better. -I don't like how they bill you in a restaurant tab though, kind of annoying in hassle way, kind of absurd. (this does not reflect my rating).
5	Definitely the best french bakery I've experienced yet! Everything I tried here was very delicious and perfectly made. The macarons were very light and fresh and had very accurate flavor interpretations. There are so many pastries, cakes and tarts to choose from that it will make your head spin! I didn't have the opportunity, nor the stomach capacity to sample everything I wanted to, but I did try the ones that stood out the most to me. Yummay!I decided to try one of their many lunch options on one of my visits here. They offer about four types of paninis as well as various sandwiches on Croissants. I believe they also have a few salad options to choose from that would satisfy your appetite. For anyone who doesn't want to indulge in the various cakes or pastries, they have a large variety of Gelato flavors to choose from which can also be made into shakes if you'd like. They have various flavors of chocolate Bon Bons as well! The Banana was my favorite flavor And I recommend everyone try at least one.Overall, I would stop in here everyday that I'm in Vegas again in the future. There were a bunch of other items that I still would love to try. One thing that kinda bothered me but didn't ruin my experience here, was that some of the employees, working the registers n such, are not very friendly and have this miserable demeanor about them, as if they don't really care for dealing with customers. Put a smile on your face and at least look as if you are happy to be there for goodness sake! lol.
5	I LOVE this place! I easily spend over $200 here every time I come to Vegas. I can't keep myself out of this place and buy a little here and there every single day.  Doesn't help that I see this place before going up to my room at Aria.Berry crepe - marinated berries over their sweet crepe and served with whipped cream. The raspberries are added on fresh though. Berries are lightly sweet and tart. I don't like cooked strawberries so I will order it with fresh berries next time. As always, the crepe texture is perfect, slightly chewy, flavorful, and thin.Smoke salmon sandwich - after reading on Yelp this is THE sandwich to get, I tried it and it lived up to its reputation. This is a cold sandwich (why wouldn't it be with the cold smoked salmon?). The bread is a dill infused bread; inside is a sliced boiled egg, smoked salmon of course, dill spread, red onions which I believe are marinated in some kind of vinegar mix. It's soooo good, the bread is so fresh, but beware and have gum or something after eating it - it's loaded with onions in a good way.Chocolate nougat - my favorite candy from this place. I prefer it over their vanilla nougat as the texture of more chewy. He never skimps on the nuts. Surprisingly, it is not too sweet considering nougat is really just pure sugar.Pistachio nougat - these are individually wrapped and has pistachio paste to bump up the pistachio flavor. They tasted really good, but I prefer the texture of their chocolate nougat.Marshmallows - they taste like those valentine heart candies from back in elementary. I'm guessing the alcohol in the vanilla extract lent a hand in this. I liked the raspberry flavor best. They are rolled in powdered sugar which creates a little crust all around. It's softer than commercial marshmallows and moist. Nice to try, but won't buy it again.I noticed this time they offer omelettes now, cooked on the crepe machine, but I didn't try it.If there is one sweet thing you try from here, get a crepe. Savory - go for the smoked salmon sandwich.
2	Ordered 2 cakes for my girlfriend's birthday. 2 separate parties. The guest cake was great but the second was wrong everything. Wrong flavor, wrong color, and just a huge disappointment. I placed the order 3 days in advance and picked up the second cake on the way to her private party with just friends. It was obviously too late to fix their mistake and to make it worse they didn't offer even an apology. At over $60 a cake I say go elsewhere.
4	Come here as much I can for take out I usually get salmon or ham sandwich awesome desserts ice mocha and blue berry Danish .... Always check your take out bag. Never miss it's always wrong ask for 2 Danish I get muffin or 1 Danish. If not for this it's a 5 star... But it's all good !
4	I only had two items here, a chocolate croissant and a powerade (to help restore some electrolytes lost from the night before). The chocolate croissant was awesome, with a fluffy inside, chocolate bits scattered around, and a nice crust on the outside. The powerade was... well... powerade. Oh, by the way, why a 20oz powerade costs $5.25? I have no idea.
5	This is my new go to place for lunch, while staying at the Aria. Their tuna melt is amazing! I passed by this place several times thinking it was just a pastry shop but they have several lunch options available from quiche to ham and cheese croissants. Their desserts are beautiful. I had the snickers mousse tart and it was delicious.
5	We stayed at Aria on a trip to Vegas and this place was mine and my fiance's go to spot. We had lunch here and their salads are excellent. The flavor and freshness was the best I'd ever had at any restaurant or lunch spot. I am not a huge fan of gelato but their gelato is spot on. It was by far the best I'd ever had. I tried the cheesecake and tiramisu gelatos and they both tasted the like the actual desserts. The only thing I did not enjoy was their actual white chocolate covered cheesecake which I felt lacked flavor. However, my palate may have been jaded by all of the other sweets I had that weekend. Their biscotti was also the best I'd ever had. It was chocolate with white chocolate covering it and almonds baked in. I sound like I should have diabetes with all of the stuff we tried but we couldn't help it, it was SO good!
5	Oh my word. My mouth waters when I think of this place. Dessert heaven. Every morning I'd have their plain sugared brioche with an OJ. Simple but simply delish. Pretty much every dessert or chocolate or macaroon I tried was wonderful. I only tried one candy that I didn't care for (they were white chocolate covered pistachios and I bought them for the hubs - underwhelming, but they looked pretty!)!
2	My first experience with Jean Phiippe was at the Bellagio. Beautiful giant chocolate flowing fountain, and an abundance of variety of sweet treats. What caught my attention was their mini wedding cakes that we considered as an extra novelty gift for some friends of our who are getting married next month. The sell by date was 5/22/14 but the employees stated that they couldn't sell them (which I thought was admirable) but then soon after said that the label was a mistake as they quickly removed all of the packaged mini decorated wedding cakes off of the display shelf. They encouraged us to check out the Aria's Jean Phillipe Patisserie for a possible different variety of mini wedding cakes. NOTE #1 - the JPP retail store at the Bellagio was packed with customers!Arriving at the Aria, I forgot my reading glasses in the room so I needed help in the microscopic labeling on almost all of their packaging - the font is the tiniest that I have ever seen. Our server was Andrea R. Though my wife and I were loading up our arms with products from their counters one at a time, I asked Andrea three different times to read the title only of the unique candies & cookies that I had never seen before. Andrea was getting increasingly bored and annoyed with my desire for CUSTOMER SERVICE so after the 3rd question of mine she literally walked away from my wife and I and walked around to the other side of the store to chit chat with the server who was the crepe maker. NOTE #2 - the JPP at the Aria had zero customers in the retail store side! When Andrea was finally even more bored with her conversation with her counterpart in lackluster customer service (sorry I didn't get her name) she came over and asked if we were ready to pay! I replied with "No, I'm still trying to figure out what these things are". And I went all the way around to the complete other side of the almost circle to the only girl of the three who was actually smiling to ask one last question.The complete antithesis to what customer service is - and in a visually nice and hopefully quality tasting store - WHILE THEY HAD NO OTHER CUSTOMERS - and while we spent $129 on gifts!! I so thought of asking for a manager but knew that their couldn't be one managing these three young ladies and hoped and prayed that one of the three of them did not carry that title! And then of course, thank God for Yelp! SO sweat not need to ask for a manger!
4	Yes, it's  a bit pricey for what it is, but for a Vegas establishment, this is consider cheap eats!I always come here whenever I stay on the strip.  I just love looking at the dessert display while my super hearty chicken crepe is getting made (by the same girl every time!).  The key lime pie dessert was so good, I finished it before my crepe was done cooking.  The sandwiches on the other hand are a bit pricey for what it is, I'd rather go across to Earl's.Oh I almost forgot about the coconut gelato....just...get it.
5	Amazing breakfast crepes!  The salmon crepe is HUGE!  You could easily share it with another person and still be stuffed.
5	you get what you pay for....high end pastries from a high end pastry chef.  No wonder Aria stole this guy from the Bellagio.  Ever since, the Bellagio's pastries have gone down hill fast....morning time business too.  Get the Sugar Brioche....delicious!  Best in Vegas by far......great almond croissants too!Can't go wrong with this place....only downfall is that word is out and this place will be crowded.  So be prepared to wait in line!  The Cafe Mocha awaits you!
5	Absolutely amazing... Worth every penny!!! This is the first time I've been here and I gotta say I'm definitely coming back!!
5	This is my must have every time we come to Las Vegas! Desserts here are amazingly beautiful and equally delicious. I would recommend anything chocolate and the raspberry tart. Recently my boyfriend ordered the Snickers and it was so great, way better than the candy bar so much more decadent.
5	Walked past this place and had to stop by. Me and my friend shared the triple chocolate mousse cake. The best mousse cake ever! It had white chocolate mousse, milk chocolate mousse and dark chocolate covering half of it. With a tiny green macaron on top. THE BEST EVER. highly recommend this place! :)
5	Although I did not taste the food at this shop, it was well worth the walk to Aria to just walk around and view all the stunning artwork that this staff has created from chocolate and sugar.
5	Best sweetest place ever!!!!! My friends kids always love to have their gelato!!! And I love to get Togo coconut tuiles. Decoration is very unique and looks very nice! ^^
5	"My Go-To place when visiting Vegas and staying at the Aria or Vdara for my morning or late afternoon coffee and pastry. The quality is superb and love the almond croissants which are always flaky and moist" highly recommend this place if you need a moment to relax after shopping or gambling"
5	Favorite sandwich spot in Vegas! Have not tried the one in Bellagio but I always end up at this one at Aria. It's like a little sandwich shop that serves their paninis and sandwiches on clear plastic plates but it still feels fancy in here lolTheir smoked salmon sammich is a MUST TRY! Honestly I never ever thought that sliced onion and smoked salmon could go so well together! Well, they smack your palate like no other. OMG. It is the epitome of savory.Basil chicken panini is also a good choice! Everything was sooo flavorful and their sub/panini is perfectly heated and chewy and not overly dry or crunchy.One thing I didn't order myself that I had a bite of was the caprese panini. It was nothing out of ordinary, can't remember much of it but I recommend that you get a caprese sandwich at Earl's rather than here. Til next time :)
2	The desserts are great (that's why 2 stars),  but every other thing on the menu is premade and microwaved and tastes awful. For $10???  McDonalds does it better and higher quality for $1...  Been to the Aria for 3 years now and this resturant still sucks. Plenty of better places to eat.
4	Always a pleasure coming here. You can order a crepe either sweet or savory. Either choice is delicious. The pastries are out of this world. My personal favorite is the fruit tart. Simple, deliciously. Simply delicious!Their displays are always amazing and the food is fresh. Whether you order a ready made sandwich, salad, pastry, crepe, coffee or anything in between, you won't be let down.
2	I only gave it 2* because the food and pastries actually taste good. I would have given it 1* for product availability and service.Here's our experience: a bit before 2pm we tried to get some croissants.  They were out of both plain and chocolate croissants. Then, we thought we should get some real food and tried to get some omelettes. Guess what? They were "out of omelettes". But the worst thing came when my husband ordered a crepe without whipped cream. He really hates that stuff so he mentioned it twice. He was offered a crepe with whipped cream, but when the crepe preparer saw his face, she realized what the problem was. So, IN FRONT OF US, she took the whipped cream from the crepe WITH HER HAND (gloved, thank God!) and rhetorically asked "Is it ok?" My huband said "no" so she took the plate, wiped a bit more of whipped cream and added some sugar on top, then gave it to him. In the mean time, I'm getting us some coffee and tea. I asked for honey, and, you guessed,  they were out. I asked them to make the coffee less hot; it was stil hot. The manager was nice, apologized for everything and found some honey for me. We are still very disappointed!
4	Got the exotic sweet crepe.   Mango and pineapple chunks in a sugary sauce drizzle on top with a scoop of coconut ice cream on the side.  The crepe was pretty thin.  Buttery.  The fruity topping was not too sweet.  The coconut ice cream was delicious!  Very creamy.  Rich coconut flavor and I can actually taste the coconut flakes. There's a nice seating area for you to eat at.  Next day came back to get the vanilla Napoleon.  Good.  The puff pastry was thin and crispy.  The vanilla custard filling was creamy and the right amount of sweetness.  Enjoy it!
4	When you think decadent, over the top, spectacular looking desserts, this kind of sweet spot comes to mind. The choice were overwhelming (next time will try gelato). It's a patisserie first so I focused my attention to the pretty looking baked goods. I'm a key lime fanatic so this was my selection. Happy to share it's the best rendition I've ever had. Despite the green coloring (I know it's for show, but real key limes are yellow looking), the texture, flavor notes and execution were spot on.I also got a bite of the opera cake, though not a chocolate fan, I found this quite tasty since it was layered and assembled beautifully.The location is tucked away in the casino in Aria, but it's worth finding. A sure win while in Vegas.
5	In love with their gelato! Best gelato of my life. This place lights up my day and leaves me with a smile. It was a hot day and I really needed something sweet!I got the coconut and hazelnut gelato in a white chocolate cone. Craving satisfied! I think bc they actually give you huge scoops it got too sweet. I was better off getting 1 scoop but I wanted 2 flavors!I wish this place opened up in California! I guess this gives me a reason to come back to Vegas bc of their gelato!
2	Ordered a banana nut muffin, received a blueberry muffin. When I spoke with the manager, she rudely asked me if I wanted blue berry or banana, when clearly I'm returning to exchange the blue berry muffin. Food was decent, just poor attitude/service when confronted about the issue of an error on their part.Probably would not come back to this specific location.
5	The dessert here was out of this world! I ordered the rose macaroon and it was so good that every time I took a bite, it was like I forgot how good it was and was impressed all over again. I also bought the marshmallows to take home. I had food allergies and this was the first time I've seen marshmallows without corn syrup -- they were so light, airy, heavenly, and unlike any "marshmallow" I remember having 10+ years ago. My friend got the chocolate gelato, which was also amazing. On top of this, the service was stellar and the store had beautiful displays. I wish they would open a location in NYC!
4	It's always a treat to stay at Aria what with their modern and chic rooms to all their amazing dining options.  Jean Phillippe Patisserie is amongst another great reason to stay at Aria!JPP serves up and sells some of the most decadent treats ever.  From little pastries like cinnamon buns and cake pops to boxes of gourmet and fancy chocolates, what can't you get here?  They have delicious crepes, a wide selection of gelato, sandwiches, salads, et cetera.  After a night of drinking and such, it's always an amazing treat to buy yourself a sweet and devour it in the comfort of your room.The lines are ridiculously long here especially on weekends at breakfast.  If you're smart, buy your pastries the day before and hide it in your room because the wait can be pretty ridiculous.  If you got to have their quiche though, brave the wait.  It's worth it!Also, don't forget to check out their display/exhibit at the side of their store.  It's always changing and always huge, detailed, and made from chocolate!  Their Bellagio location features the "world's largest  chocolate fountain" as well so hop onto that monorail and head over to Bellagio for a peek.
5	I was at the aria for 2 days and i ate lunch and dinner there for two days. Great sandwiches, convenient to the room locations. The best coffee is the americano, if you like strong coffee with a pick me up, da best!!!
5	Disclaimer: I was NOT HAPPY with the service at all, but the delicious dessert made up for it.Definitely Try:1. White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake - OH MY HEAVEN, BEST WHITE CHOCOLATE CHEESECAKE OF MY LIFE. The raspberries are delightfully fresh, the white chocolate is not overly sweet, and the graham cracker center is DEEEEELICIOUS (I am drooling as I type)2. Banana Nut Breakfast Muffin - NOM NOM NOM with real pieces of Banana which are soft and delicious when the muffin is toasted!Good, but skip1. Granola and Yogurt - this was really good, but I didn't think it was worth the price because I've had yummy homemade granola and yogurt for half the price ($7.50 or $8.50 - I don't remember exactly)
2	I had a rose water macroon. It was nothin outta this world i made better ones in culinary school. The pastry cream didnt have much flavor. Its definately over priced i dont think its cause its vegas more like you put a french name on it and it magically doubles in price. Its a pretty cute place to just hang out have a coffee or somethin. Maybe other things are delish i just wouldnt recommend the macroon. Hopefully you get somethin delicious.Shouldve tried there muffins they were size of jupiter n looked scruptious. But im too fluffy to have more then one dessert. :/
4	talk about luxury plastic utensils!! i secretly stashed a handful in my bag because they were so pretty. now onto the crepe, i got the chicken breast one!! yummm!! make sure to eat it all while it's still hot or else it gets a little nauseating. i also shared it with my sister because i knew i couldn't finish one by myself. the whole place is so chic and modern. lurv it
4	A fun place to buy pastries and chocolate treats as you're perusing through Aria.
4	This is a very nice patisserie at the Aria in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed everything I ate here very much. The sandwiches and pastries are fantastic, fresh and delicious. The coffee and cappuccino is near perfect.
5	The almond croissants are everything! I would weigh 400 lbs if I lived near this bakery.
4	Cheesecake was okay but not the best. I had the dessert trio and the raspberry macaroon was my favorite out of the three.
1	My husband and I just got back from staying at the Aria. On our last day I went down to get us some food from this place, to bring back up to our hotel room. After waiting almost half an hour, dealing with the rude obnoxious people behind the counter, and the highly overpriced food that was not worth it, I would never eat here again. The girl behind the counter was so rude to customers while I was waiting. One lady was circling just to peek at what was in the containers, and she was barked at to get back, there's is a line. I heard the woman explain to her husband how rude that was. She was right. Another man was just peeking, and wasn't sure where the line was, because it is not clearly marked, and she barked at him too. For how much we have to spend per night to stay at this hotel, I was appalled at the service here. Completely unprofessional and rude. Your food isn't worth half the price you are charging, and your service ruins everything for everyone. We have a lot of friends that are planning on staying at the Aria, and I will make sure each and every one of them knows about how terrible the service was here.
2	The store is amazing and the chocolate fountain is awesome. This review is for the customer service. I have never been here before and asked the cashier "how sweet are your iced mochas?" The response "well it's chocolate." Great! I know that. Are we talking one pump? Two pumps? Am I going to walk away diabetic?! I know you are hating your life as every child in Vegas wants a gelato but for those of us who want coffee, AND don't want to drink a milkshake, put on a smile and pretend to give a sh*t about customer service. Thanks!
5	This location is better than the one in Bellagio. Better seating, more space to browse their goods, and they have heir different stations separated out more clearly. Basically it's not as congested in there. I can always count on them to have at least 10 different pastries I want to try and chocolates I want to buy!
5	The peanut lollipop is amazing! I highly recommend it. This restaurant also has a great view of the casino!
5	Writing this for my wife.  She has a serious sweet tooth.We had breakfast here too.  I didn't care for their crepes, but my wife had a ham & cheese crossiant and said it was amazing.
3	I'll start by saying the food is probably worth 5 stars. The chocolate was great as expected. For 2.25 a piece, they better be. I had the Gringo (dark chocolate coffee with caramel), Chiquita (banana, milk chocolate), and Earl Grey. All were smooth and tasted exactly as they were made to be tasted. I also had their Cafe Latte and Americano. Great coffees. Very pricey. About 6 dollars for a small of each. Here's where the bad part comes in: the service. The cashiers are EXTREMELY rude. Yes, I get that you must be tired and whatnot, but this is your job. I'm a waitress and I know how shitty food service is, but it really isn't that hard to smile and hand food out behind a counter. One female cashier was just yelling at people that the line was whatever way... The store layout is straight up terrible. Very confusing and MADE to make people look like idiots. Not the customer's faults. Great food without the service to match.
2	Too touristy for me-its in all the right locations and they have the beautiful chocolate fountain to draw you in but nothing I had here (chocolate or crepe) really impressed me too much. I'd have to say it's overrated!
2	This place is like a dried up watering hole in the oasis that is Aria, like a cold sore on the mouth of a beautiful woman, like a....you get the point. The food and drinks are ehhhhh. Expensive and subpar is never a good start but here's the biggest issue: this place is *always* understaffed. This leads to both unnecessarily long waits for the aforementioned subpar expensive eats/drinks AND a forever scrambling staff that doesn't have time to be friendly.Aria, I love you (Vegas love, not real love, just trashy temporary love) please put some Abreva on the cold sore that is this place and hire some more people. Oh and improving the quality of the food and drink wouldn't hurt either.
2	Food, drinks and dessert selection are pretty decent, if not slightly overpriced for what it's worth, but having to wait there for 10 minute in front of the counter before placing an order while the clerk leisurely made a smoothie for someone who cut in line left little to desire.Wait, lemme rephrase, there isn't any line system at all, very disorganized. Clerks merely call out "who's next" and proceed to randomly choose a customer they *felt* like was next, even if there were other customers standing in front of them idly waiting for ages.Service:1, actual food:4
5	this place is amazing, it's pricey but worth every $. I got the brulee w/mixed berries and a Stracciatella gelato. Hands down best gelato i've ever had
3	Really fancy desserts. I had a strawberry croissant. It was okay.
4	Crepes!!!If you are here, try the crepes with Ice-Cream. The pastries are all good and french authentic.Lots of candies and pick a box of your tasteNot to miss
4	Fresh chocolates, chocolate muffin, regular palmier and croissant were delicious. Being a coffee lover, I really enjoyed the milk chocolate coffee truffle! Visited here three times during our stay in Vegas and the customer service was bad every time.
3	Be warned - these crepes are not handheld crepes.  They are so large, they are in a full takeaway container! I had expected to be able to carry my crepe from the Bellagio to the Cosmopolitan.  Whoops!I got the Italian crepe - which had proscuitto, mozzarella cheese, and pesto.  It was good - hell, I was starving, so anything would have been good - but there wasn't too much to it.  Since the crepe was so large, I got sick of the taste after a while.  The BF got the Exotic Sweet Crepe, which had mango and pineapple pieces in a sauce on top of the crepe.  The crepe was finished off with coconut ice cream.  It was delicious and definitely much better than the "savory" crepe.This is definitely the place for a quick coffee and breakfast if you don't want to head to Starbucks, which I do in addition to my patisserie stop!  They also have gelato too and the famous chocolate fountain!
4	The chocolate at jean philippe is amazing.  This location has different boxes than at bellagio.  The ones here are blue.  When I was there they had some unique chocolate sculptures on display.  Near this hotel are a couple of art galleries worth checking out - sculptures and glass.
5	I ordered a cake for my husband's birthday and it totally exceeded my expectations. I ordered a custom cake on a Monday for that Friday and they got it done! I emailed back and forth with a gentleman named Duke and he was on point. I sent him a photo of the cake I wanted with some minor changes and it looked even better than I imagine. More importantly, it tasted amazing. Vanilla cake with strawerry brulee and fresh strawberries. Everyone loved it! I would recommend Jean Phillipe anytime you need a special occasion cake in Vegas. Bravo!
5	The baked goods are outstanding! We had a cinnamon roll warmed up.  Went there both mornings we were at the aria! A little pricey, but worth every penny!
5	Came here last night after having an early dinner at the other end of the strip and yet again, despite the fact that my favorite croissant was sold out, I ordered a cheese Danish and the taste was still fantastic even though it had been made earlier in the day.OAN - I passed by JP's other location in the Bellagio which is much smaller although they do have a nice flowing chocolate fall display. If you have never been to the JP locations, I recommend going to the one in the Aria to get the full "sweets" experience!In closing, for those of you who live in the San Francisco area, this particular location probably rivals Belinda Leong's patisserie in the Upper Fillmore area of the city.
5	Pretty expensive for just dessert and pastries, but hey everything is expensive in Vegas. This location is better than the one at the Bellagio, that one is hard to find and hidden near where all the conference rooms are at. This one is bigger and much easier to find.  Love how they have different stations for everything. I have to admit the pastries, Macarons and other treats are to die for, you can get a crazy sugar rush from just standing in this sugar store. Will definitely be back for more deliciousness.
3	Jean Philippe Patisserie is such an exquisite store that a sweets lover cannot help but stop in his or her track and go in and see what wonders await. I am a sweets lover and was drawn by their beautiful chocolate creations. Unfortunately, this stop occurred during an afternoon stroll along the Strip. I so wanted to get a box of chocolates, but I was practical enough to know that the desserts will not have a chance against the desert. I will be back next time I am in town and satisfy my want for those chocolates.With that in mind, this review is really just for the gelato. Perhaps after the visual treat, my expectations were very high, but I found their gelato to be just alright. The dulce de leche was too sweet, and almost cloying. The liquor-soaked pastry in the tiramisu would have made it an instant winner had the gelato it came with been able to hold its own, but it did not.I will go back to try the other exquisite things I saw in the shelves.
5	For my birthday had them deliver 4 pastries to my room to share with my friends and they where all A++
4	Located close to the elevators at the aria casino. A nice place to relax with your favorite pastry, coffee, or crepe. Or just cool and people watch. The chicken crepe was on, the chicken was dry, but the filling made up for it. The menu is slightly over priced for the quality. I expected better, but probably crepe in not their specialty. I prefer the crepe at Paris casino.
5	The best french pastries I've ever had. I went here twice for breakfast during my stay at the Aria since everything looked so good. It does get very crowded in the morning's, but it's worth the wait. I tried the ham and cheese croissant, which was amazing. The bechemel sauce makes this dish. I also had the pain au chocolat, which was really rich and filling. On the last day, I had to try one of the cakes, so we tried the nutella napolean. It might be one of the best things I've ever tried. The filling was creamy and the crust perfectly flaky and chocolatey. I would go back and have this again if I could. It was very filling, so even though I had maybe two-third's, I was stuffed.
5	Holy Crap, can I just move in here?Stayed at the Aria for a few nights and needed a light breakfast. The patisserie is right next to the guest room elevators so it was quite and convenient and I decided to give it a try. I ordered the ham and cheese croissant which was hands down the best ham and cheese croissant I have ever had. I also had to get something called the Chocolate Intense. Wow! Just wow! It was amazing and very well named.Later in the day I was checking my bill at the front desk and discussed a couple of the Aria's restaurants with him. When Jean Philippe Patisserie came up he recommended the almond croissant. One guess what I had for breakfast the next day? And it was equally awesome. I also bought a muffin and cookie for the road home. Both were massively yummy.Also, there is plenty of seating. Considering the number of people there, I thought I would have a hard time finding a place to sit, but I quickly found a seat and despite the constant flow of people, I didn't see anyone struggle to find a seat.Okay, now the downside. It is a little expensive, but what do you expect, you are in a 5-star Vegas resort. The ham and cheese croissant, chocolate intense and large soda cost over $20. I had a resort credit so I didn't care. Had I not had the credit I might have docked them a star, but considering the location and how good it was, I'm not complaining.Also, the service leaves a little to be desired. While fast enough, they weren't friendly at all and when people asked questions they seemed more than a little put out to be answering them.Still, with food this good I have to give them 5 stars.
2	Jean Phillippe is best known pastry shop at Vegas.  The patisseries are located at Bellagio & Aria. I used to go Bellagio location, I loved their chocolate and crepes!  This is must eat items at Vegas!Since I stayed at Aria, it just next to the elevators to the hotel rooms.  Of coz, I wouldn't miss it.What a big disappointment!! We spent $30 to get crappy cakes and coffee! Just felt like just a waste of $$$$ this time!  We only ate half of it and trashed the half.Almond Croissant - I totally missed Thomas Hass double baked almond croissant, it fresh n warm! This one just ok.Opera cake - So soaky and too sweet!  The worst opera cake I had at Vegas!Tiramisu - Mediocre tiramisu! Some of Vancouver's pastry shops can make better Tiramisu than them!Coffee - OMG! Coffee so mild even tasteless!  Starbucks coffee even better than them!I should only stick with chocolates and crepes next time.
2	I have been to Jean Philippe on several occasions and think they have some of the best croissants in town. On this occasion, I came in for a crepe. The crepe area was a complete mess. The ingredients were spilled all over the place, mint was browning, and raspberries appeared mushy. I brought this to the attention of the "manager" Duke and he said that it was not up to standard but he did not try to right his wrong by offering a solution. I left empty handed. For how empty Jean Philippe was I could not believe how untidy and unappetizing the crepe station was.
5	Good stuff! Going to stop by this place  every time I'm in the area and also for all holidays!
1	Not impressed with the red velvet cupcake.  Wonder if anything else would have been better. Overpriced and too much frosting.  The people that waited on me not the friendliest people
5	I love all things breakfast and all things sweet so I am severely biased. Things you have to try! -Almond croissant -Ham & cheese croissant -forest crepeThings you can skip...-Chocolate croissant (very very little chocolate)-the coffee (very meh) Overall delicious and I visited this place 4 times over 3 days :)
4	I love this location in the aria rather than the bellagio . Their crepes are delicious freshly made in front of you. My all time favorite is Nutella strawberry crepe. They do charge extra for strawberry which is annoying. I have tried their savory crepes as well which are delicious too. Highly recommended.
5	I loved it. Everything, I loved it. But on my last day I placed an order for pastries to go and while I paid for all of them....two were missing. Tisk tisk.
4	After I spent a few hours at the blackjack table, I decided to go look for my friend. He texted me saying he was by the "Walking Dead" slot machines. So I went and tried to go find him.  While looking for him, I had a craving for some gelato and at Jean Phillppe they had a very good selection.  The first time I got a waffle cone with two scoops of lemon gelato. It was really good. Wonderful lemon flavor. The second time I got a waffle cone but with one scoop of cheesecake and one scoop of lemon. OMG that was so yummy! Both of those flavors along with the waffle cone went very well together. Try out that combo, I am sure its a winner winner chicken dinner! LOL
4	So it is not France. It is nowhere near France. I simply do not like Vegas. Have been here a dozen or so times for varies reasons and I can't stand it. But...I've grown older and my taste in food has changed. I chase Michelin star restaurants and chefs around the globe. Apparently Vegas is great for that. I find food that reminded me of adopted home from time to time here now. This patisserie reminded me of Eric Roy in Auxerre, near my adopted home in the same region of Burgundy. And while I don't generally care for sweets, I have my eyes set on a pain au chocolat. Quiche Lorraine for breakfast. Coffee to go. It beats the convention center conference food. Must endure the gambling crowd while standing in line for your quiche to be heated up. Think this would be a much less expensive flight than to Charles De Gaulle. Don't miss.
4	During my 5-day stay at the Aria, it was only the time when I allowed myself to go all out and indulge in pastries and desserts twice a day, e-v-e-r-y-d-a-y. Located right next to the hotel elevators, I walked by it everyday and it's almost a crime not to indulge. Among the items tried: almond croissant, nutella brioche, sugar doughnut, vanille eclaire, macaron, crepe. There's a crepe stand on the side of the patisserie. The ready-packaged biscotti are also very good. My weight may have tipped the weighing scale over a little in the wrong direction, but it was worth it!
4	Jean Philippe is fairly tasty, but expensive. I stopped here for a cheese danish, which was pretty good. I also ordered one of their croissant sandwiches (turkey and cheese) and their famous opera cake - the turkey croissant was ok, but the opera cake was awesome. If you're a chocolate lover, I would give the opera cake a try. Service was good.
5	AHHHHHH this place is incredible!I did quite a bit of exploring during my time in Vegas, and I must say that Jean Philippe is one of the only places I would say is a must stop location in this city. It got to the point where I was considering skipping some really wonderful meals and just eating here instead. I'll keep it short and sweet. Every patisserie I tried was beautiful and delicious, wonderfully light and delicious, creamy and (in most cases) the perfect little crunch. This is the ONLY place you need to go to satisfy your sweet tooth.Ugh, I would do anything to be back at Jean Philippe right now. I'm done with this review.
5	Must try the macarons. Super cute store. They were getting set up for Halloween. And the lines moved pretty quickly. They were pretty busy at 7am already.
4	I would give it 5 stars except for the price..which really isn't a shocker since most establishments along the Strip are pretty pricey. Anyways, overall the dessert and crepe are sinfully decadent..The chocolate truffles are so good and the crepe that I got was pretty big. You can share one to lessen the guilt. The coffee was ok nothing to really rave about. I like to stop by once in awhile but because of the price I wouldn't go here on a regular basis.
5	The opera, creme bulee, coconut truffles, etc. are just a few of the items I splurged in purchasing because I won a gift certificate to this magical place. I am not a huge dessert person but I could buy just about anything from here and be very happy with my purchase.
5	This place was so delicious, I actually had double-breakfast. Come for the crepes, stay for the delectable sandwiches. I had the tandoori chicken panini and it was incredible.
5	Love this place!! Great place for a crepe, the desserts taste great and are amazing to look at as well.  I usually stay at the Aria and I eat here each day for something different whether its a snack, breakfast item, coffee, Gelato, or some candy.
4	Amazing desserts.. Service wasn't all that. The desserts are beautiful and tastes so good. The store is right in the casino.. We got a bit confused and thought it was in the shopping center next door. The selection was slim but we didn't get there till after 9pm. Totally worth the walk. Was looking forward to some French macaroon but they didn't have any.
4	Opens at 6am, great breakfast choices. I had a croissant that shattered as I ate it with little shards of buttery flakes - soooo good. They rival the ones at La Boulange. The cafe au lait was wonderful although the coffee could have been a bit stronger for me, but that's just me. My husband got the croque monsieur which wasn't the nicest I've seen but he enjoyed it. He had a bit of a time wrestling with the ham. He said he wouldn't order it again. Everything is pricey but like everyone says, it is Vegas...
5	Very cute place to go! I ordered a delicious sandwich that I wish I could remember the name of, but the alcohol made this difficult to do... Anyway, delicious! Great late night snack.
4	Gelato is heaven.  Every.single.time.  Cannot go to the Aria w/out stopping by here.  I love the seasonal items, too.  Chocolate pumpkin lollipops are a must for the babies.  4 Stars because they never seem to have enough people working there.  Worth the wait, tho.
2	Pastries were pretty good, but 5 dollar coffee and you don't have any cream or half and half right now or for the next 3 hours?  I don't mean to seem needy, but it doesn't seem like too much to ask to have something thicker than milk to put in my coffee.  Especially when they leave you two and a half fingers of room for cream .  Sorry, I mean milk.Did I mention they didn't have cream?
4	I had a pair of MyVegas dessert rewards.  We are not impressed by the patisseries overpriced desserts so we took a chance and ordered berry souffle-style crepes.  The ordering process is inefficient and time consuming because the cashiers are also responsible for filling coffee orders as well as taking orders for both the crepperie and dessert sections.  Fortunately, our long wait was rewarded with a pair of delicious crepes.
4	It's over the top, pricey, and the wait in line can be lengthy but once you order, it's so worth it.  I don't think you can go wrong with any selection but when I stop by, it's always the same thing-chocolate croissant with a cafe au lait.  You will almost believe you are in Paris until you turn around and see the mass of humanity all playing slots behind you.
5	Indulge in the best chocolate flavors, surrounded by extravagant cakes and over the top pastries. Everything at Jean Philip looks out of magazine spread or a tv show. From macarons to personal cakes, sandwiches to crepes, hot chocolates or a simple cupcake. If you are in Vegas you have to take time and check out the place. The variety of chocolate is huge. There's almost anything you can think of and the prices are not bad. The flavors are strong though and if you get a few pastries you won't be able to finish them unless you have something salty to neutralize your taste buds from the sweet.
5	This is no average bakery! This is high end, good quality, excellent presentation patisserie! Every bite is just so deciduous, you can taste the amazing flavors, just perfect! You have to spot by here whenever in Vegas!  And come back on your last day in town go take some home!!!!!
5	This is a must!!!!!!!!!! The must delicious desserts abc sandwiches ever!!!! I ordered a tiramisu delicious!!! I ordered turkey and salmon sandwich both were great. Pricey but worth it. I wish they had a shop in LA.
5	I am absolutely in love with this place!  When I left Vegas, I wished I could pack it up and take it home with me! Everything from the modern decor to the location, presentation of desserts, flavors and quality of all including: chocolate candy, truffles, gelato, pastries, cakes and more are all made to perfection! Rich, creamy, delicious and absolutely worth the visit! A great place to stop by for after dinner desserts, date night while in town or to simply satisfy that sweet tooth, it's just one of those places that will make you wish you could try it all, and make you want to make return visits for more! A must return to for me the next time I'm in town! So if in Vegas, or visiting soon... I urge you to try it! I know you will return to this review later and thank me!
4	I came here while I was staying at the Aria for couple of days.I have tried the chocolate croissant and the Nutella brioche. Both of them were delicious the brioche was too much for one person to finish on their own but it's amazing.This place has some of the most beautiful looking pastries I have ever seen.It is a little expensive but I will recommend trying them out.
2	$4.00 for an espresso that tastes stale and burnt. I believe next time I'll take my money elsewhere.
4	I can't rave enough about their crepes! We stayed at the Aria for 3 nights, 4 days.....I literally had two crepes a day my entire stay. They have sweet and savory options - I tried most of them and have to say they were ALL excellent! They make them fresh while you wait, all fresh ingredients. The gelato here is pretty great too. The desserts are all rich and ascetically pleasing. There is always a long line for this fantastic little shop. My one and only complain is their sandwiches are not made fresh. Make sure to stop here when you are in Vegas, the crepes are an absolute MUST!
1	No..just no..no no noLet me count the ways.Service..not friendly..not Vegas like..not righr..theae people need to smile onceLines. .long long long..very longPrices. .expected ly highy..7 dollars for pastry..Seating..tight..rushed..exposed...Now Flavir...poor..these gorgious deliciously decorated little pieces of eye candy need to taste more than the promise they offer..Imagine..a well dressed woman..high heals.keller dress..smooth skin..lips from heaven..eyes from the jungle. .hair like a movie star.and ...... e5cYou take your first kiss and its an ice cube..terrible. .disappointing. .a shameThe pastries were..I tried five..was just super hungry..none enticed a secobd bite...Ok...but..I am a pastry snob
4	Chicken tandoori panini! Right before watching Cirque du Soleil's show Zarakana, my cousins and I stopped by for a quick bite at Jean Philippe Patisserie. On a normal foodie occasion, I would've gotten some of their beauiful looking pretty sweets but we hadn't eaten anything solid yet so we all chose to get sandwiches. My sandwich of choice was the chicken tandoori panini!They make their paninis fresh to order and my panini came out fresh and hot! I was in love at first bite. This was one tasty sandwich! It had tender chicken breast, curry mayo and veggies. The curry flavor was so good. It wasn't too overwheming but just had the right kind of kick. The panini itself was pretty big and definitely fulfilling.The chicken tandoori panini here is deifnitely one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
3	Croissant wasn't that good. I like bouchon bakery croissant better. The red velvet taste like chocolate, but the presentation decor of each cupcake is amazing. My fave is the fruit tart.
4	The mocha smoothie is so good. And also they have varieties of dessert which looks so nice and delicious.
4	One of the best patisserie in Vegas. We had chocolate croissant, basil chicken panini and roasted beef sandwich. I do recommend them all.
1	The food was food but the cashier and the other team members weren't nice!! I ordered a nutella strawberry crepe, but they gave me a strawberry crepe without nutella! And I told the lady who made it that it was supposed have a nutella but she told me I have to pay more for that! I think thats stupid! Theyre the one who made mistakes! I dont care about paying more, they just have to be friendly!!
5	Awesome!
5	Had my first pastry of the trip today and the almond brioche didn't disappoint.  Likewise with my mocha.   Lunch will be a wonderful pannini sandwich.
4	Pretty expensive but it's pretty good deserts. Looks pretty as well and tastes good. $6.25 for coffee? Well this is Vegas after all.
3	I think the bakery here is just a hype. This place is located in Aria and a plus side is it opens from 6am-2am, super fit for the vegas scene. Like all vegas places, this place has a long line. Really hate when you have to wait for 20 min to get a pastry... Taste wise, I tried the brioche, the muffin. I should say they taste good, but there are many pastries in LA that taste same good, or better, but no need for such a long a line and pay such a high price. It's so vegas. I feel like if I were not staying in Aria, I would not come just to get a bite. But it is convenient if you live in the hotel.
5	The employees here have French accents!!!! I know, right??? But seriously, this place was great! I was waiting for my boyfriend to cash out and was craving something sweet. Look to the left and there was Dessert galore!! Such a hard choice to make with the many options... But went safe with the cheesecake. Oh wowsers!!!! Definitely going to try more than the cheesecake next visit.
4	This is a very cute and convenient little shop in the beautiful aria hotel lobby. The chicken pesto panini and chocolate gelato were good, but not great. My sister had the coconut gelato and really enjoyed it. Both the almond and chocolate croissants were delicious-highly recommend those! I would go back, but only for the croissants. Prices were on par with the usual elevated prices of vegas.
5	OK so here's an update.Because the almighty yelper Nelson Q is not allowed to post his own review for his employer (understandable due to the conflict of interest but... what a shame considering how passionate he is about his work!), I'm going to pass what I heard from him here.The Nutella Napoleon and Opera Slice are his personal faves in the dessert case, and on the retail side, the World Champion cookies (Hazelnut and Gianduja cookies), and the Exotic Crepe for tropical flavors. in the gelato section, Pistachio and Hazelnut.Also, the best time to go there is between 9-10am as they fill the dessert case around that time.Next week, JPP will get two kinds of Christmas Logs (Buche De Noel) - they just finished assembling one which has orange confit, almond nougatine, exotic cremeux, and vanilla mousse inside. There is also a chocolate variation assembled over the new few days.Sounds amazing, no??
4	Some of the Best Desserts on earth.  The selection is 2nd to none.  The Chocolates melt in your mouth.  Coffees are typical. The torts and sticky buns are just ok.  If your looking for a chocolate fix. This is the place.  The gelato is fresh and the variety is good.
3	Long lines, a so so coffee, ok sandwiches and a very very high bill. The place looks like million $$$ (actually it looks way more than that) but the food is not as good as it looks. I miss Stumptown coffee
4	This review is for the gelato. One scoop $3.75, two scoops $5.75, additional scoops $2 each. However each scoop was about the equivalent of two scoops, so at least we experienced a generously portioned two scoop order that we could barely finish. Not only that but the per scoop price was 50 cents less than what we'd seen at the Bellagio.We tried the hazelnut and the pistachio. I would recommend the hazelnut and the chocolate! None were the best gelato we'd ever had, but it hit the spot after hoofing it for a few hours. Seating can be a bit tight given they have so many things to offer there but once seated it was comfortable. Very recommended! We'll be back.
4	Some of the best desserts Iv'e had outside of Paris. The passion fruit tart and key lime were the best and had such a unique flavor. The dessert are quite pricey so if you're coming to have breakfast for 2 you're looking to spend around $50.The crepes are also very good and you can get sweet or savory ones (nutella and salmon were good), the salmon sandwich wasn't anything special but the turkey and cranberry croissant sandwich was good. The lines here are always long and it's always packed so you won't always be able to find a seat. You can skip the sandwiches and stick to the dessert crepes and pastries.
3	had a pricey cheesecake it was rich and sweet the oreo crust was goodordered a white chocolate mocha as well, used too much syrup way too sweet..service was slow, they had my order ready sitting on a tray on their counter and i couldn't get it because not one employee has enough initiative to hand it to me so i stood there for a few minutes food paid for just waiting for nothing....
3	Honestly this place is  3 at most. Sure the food is a 5 but the service is truly lacking. The employees don't seem to be engaged with the customer. They're just in their own worlds, ignoring the customer. We had to remind them just to give us water and we had to tell them to change the cake because they gave us the wrong order. But otherwise the cakes were good.
1	I found a disgusting piece of hair in my breakfast sandwich (which btw is really not that good. They use kraft singles for the cheese!!!). Anyway, I told an employee about the hair; she insisted that there is no way and that I should "prove it to her."  And then I told the manager...who also asked me to find the hair...and after trying to look for it for a minute (while people just stared), she asked me to sit down and find the hair. WHAT THE HECK????Finally my husband spoke to her and complained and she finally said she would replace it (with a lot of attitude). And even then , she never gave us an actual sandwich, even after waiting 20 minutes. Another employee gave us one and said to enjoy. This manager needs to be fired. Her name is Anna Karinana (sp?).
4	We were passing through the Aria and smelled the delicious crepes that were being made. I decided to stop and peruse through their vast amount of chocolates. I decided on some chocolates to take home to some friends. My biggest gripe about this place is the check out process. I stood in line for a good 15 mins before anyone came to help. They may have been understaffed the employee who was in charge of the cash register was also making crepes. It seemed very inefficient. The chocolates themselves where amazing, you definitely get what you pay for as these chocolates were not made by Hershey. If you are in the Aria or general area, give this place a shot.
4	This is the best quick breakfast place in Aria, but is a bit expensive just like everything else here.  If you want a breakfast sandwich and cappucino, be ready to drop a twenty.  The display of desserts is impressive, colorful, and beautiful - you will probably want to take a picture.  Willa Wonka would be proud.  Their ordering line system seems a bit inefficient and you are never quite sure if you are actually going to get what you ordered when it makes its way past the cashier, but you do.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the inflated price and the ordering process.
4	Located in the beautiful Aria hotel, Jean Philippe Patisserie offers an array of desserts, pastries, chocolates, gelato and so much more. Everything is so beautiful to look at, each little treat looks like a piece or art, and the gelato is amazing. Definitely make sure you stop in for a treat if you are passing the Aria hotel.
3	I went two years ago and went again this past trip and noticed that their standards have dropped a bit.  I don't know if they've been consumed with pride because of their chocolate fountain (that everyone oogles over and impedes traffic at the Bellagio) or if they started more mass production.  In any case, two years ago, the croissants were superb but I've gotta say that Bouchon Bakery trumps them this time.  It's not that they weren't edible - they were quite good, but the wow factor was just missing.  Their meringues were okay and I got these thin chocolate wafer cookies and I'm not sure what to think of them because the taste of cinnamon overpowers everything.  Overall, come hither and admire that fountain - please let others pass through that pathway though.
