5	Lali J. and I took a road trip to Tokyo Lobby last night. We'd heard about it through excellent reviews in the New Times and the Republic (a positive review in the Republic is often a neon sign that says "stay away," but we decided to risk it). As a transplanted New Yorker/San Franciscan/Los Angeleno, I have to say Tokyo Lobby has been my favorite sushi experience in the valley. If you're used to Ra or any of the other McSushi places, it's worth the schlep up to North Glendale (which is almost as far as the Yukon from where we live) to check this place out.T.L. is a small, 10 table joint, but it's crowded in a vibrant, fun way. Service is fast and friendly. It's in a strip mall, but if you keep your eyes left of center as you approach from the parking lot, you won't see the WalMart on your right. The usual/traditional suspects are brilliant -- stunning unagi, maguro, tobiko, etc. The sides and appetizers were fab, too: great seaweed salad and gyoza. Tokyo Lobby is creative with the specialty rolls -- the Marilyn Mon-Roll (not kidding) was terrific: a spicy tuna roll wrapped in albacore with an elegant topping of crispy/crunchy onion.There's also a full menu of earthbound flesh and assorted other goodies. Everything looked great. Really -- check this place out!
5	Awsome little sushi place! I recommend the Glendale roll but it fills you up fast so leave some room for a few saki bombs!
5	It's been a few months since I first tried Tokyo Lobby, so I will do my best to remember the highlights. It's a bit out of my way so I've only yet to go one time. But I could only take so much nagging and prodding and pushing from my coworker who kept whining "I want Tokyo Lobby!" until I finally said "OK SHUT UP WE ARE GOING THIS INSTANT"The thing that stood out the most was the friendly staff. When my friends and I walked in, the employees all greeted us with a friendly shout. Suddenly I'm Norm from "Cheers"The sushi was excellent! I'm still kind of a sushi noob, but as a person who doesn't really care for fish I have to say it was quite impressive. The texture was just right; not too chewy and not too squishy.I believe what I had was called a Glendale Roll. Baby lobster and... stuff, rolled up, battered and fried to a crisp. Delicious! Nothing like good sushi cooked to order! (Yes, it's ironic on purpose) I think all food should be battered and fried. If you see a restaurant in the future called The Battery, then odds are I'll be running the place.At the time of my last visit, there was a new location being built closer to the road on the opposite end of the parking lot. I'm assuming this is to accomodate more customers as Tokyo Lobby was teeny tiny inside. Maybe it's to further distance the restaurant from the WalMart a few doors down. I say good on you, Tokyo Lobby. WalMart sucks. As of right now I don't know if it's open yet, but hopefully it will be soon. Excellent place, and I would recommend it to anyone with an appetite for sushi.Edit! I asked my coworker today about the status of the new building and he says it's open! I like exclamation points!
4	I'm always encouraged when sushi chefs have no idea what I'm saying and when other Asians patronize the place.   So when the Tokyo Lobby sushi chef stared at me blankly when I asked a question, I thought, oh my gosh, that must mean that he's like really Japanese or something.   And when the Sun City Asian ladies rolled in for lunch - its fate was sealed.  My sushi confidence shot straight up.  Nice!For the past 3 years I avoided this place.  Why would any respectable sushi place locate itself in an aging dumpy Walmart strip mall?  I peeked inside way back when and wasn't impressed.  But after reviews of this place, I knew I had to check it out.Wow, was I wrong.  This place holds its own against any Scottsdale sushi joint, without the flash.  It moved into its new location within the strip mall last week, and it's a bit bigger, more modern, but still modest.My second visit (today) I tried the bento box - a steal at only $7 that comes with teriyaki beef, rice, spicy tuna, california roll, salad and miso soup.   And I've been stuffed all day. The highlights here clearly are the inventive rolls - reminds me a bit of Blue Wasabi with cutesie names like the Glendale roll and the Monkeyface roll (crab, fried mushrooms and avocados).  Mmmm.This has definite 5 star potential, I'm just waiting for my next visit.
4	Great and fun place.  The owner is super nice and yes, they do shout "welcome" to you when you walk in, he he he.  I like that they have a LOT of specialty rolls, that keeps things new and exciting.  Try some of their deep fried rolls, freaking awesome!  The place is always packed.  You can easily get stuffed here.
5	I will admit that I was a late sushi convert, but since being converted I have become addicted.  I have tried out a number of places throughout the valley and this is my biggest addiction!Tokyo Lobby is amazing.  Their spicy sauce is to die for and I love Kelvin and Jennifer; they are both fantastic!  I tell everyone I can about my once hidden sushi stop, and everyone ends up amazed.  I can't tell you how great they are in words.  I have even convinced my teacher friends to spend their half days here whenever there is time.  Excellent food, great staff, and now more room!  This is my Cheers!
5	One of my fiance and I's favorite restaurants, Tokyo Lobby has a great atmosphere and even better food...we always start out with the gyoza...the dumplings come out hot and steaming, with the perfect, slightly crisped skin...last time we were there around lunchtime, and my fiance ordered a teriyaki chicken bento box for his meal--tempura veggies, teriyaki chicken, rice, 4 rolls of sushi, and a salad with some sweet dressing, all for $7...incredible!...I ordered my usual--the Glendale Roll(lobster-filled sushi rolls, deep-fried and drizzled with a sweet, slightly spicy sauce)--the most incredible thing you'll ever taste, and my favorite food on the planet!Tokyo Lobby has the atmosphere and service of a fine-dining restaurant without the priceyness...a great place to have fun eating!
4	I think this is maybe 4.2 Stars.Good Sushi, CLEAN place.  Turnover?  I ventured to Tokyo Lobby based on good YELP reviews.It is in a nice strip mall in Glendale with plenty of parking, a nice patio, clean clear windows and signage.   Greeted quickly when we walked in and quickly seated at the sushi bar.  The place is clean.  The have GOLD STARS from the Health Department and it shows.  Yes, I check.  Regularly.  They have a good record and it shows.  The bathroom was clean too, no issues.  Not bad for late on a Friday night.Sushi:  I am a fairly experienced sushi person.I found the sushi to be fresh, well cut and tasty.Seared Albacore with scallions - YUM.Fresh Salmon - YUM.Also had tasty Uni, A very nice Albacore Sashimi Presentation and some other yummy stuff including a surprise Jalapeno Popper type thing.THE PROBLEM??Starter salad - Dressing good, Lettuce Old (wilted).  Somewhat hard to communicate with the sushi chef because the sushi bar seats are low and it is a little noisy.  The regular clients are probably more into simple sushi (rolls) than fine sushi / sashimi.  Our patricular sushi chef was very experienced, and very creative.  However he made it clear that he has worked at better sushi bars in is life, and was soon moving out of town.  NOTE to PROfessionals of all types:  ALWAYS be a pro.  You are "on-stage" at all times.  Be a PRO or go home.For a small local spot, I was impressed.
5	I love, love, love Tokyo Lobby!  I go there at least once a week for lunch or dinner.  It is a little jewel in a strip mall that I though was my little secret :)The restaurant was introduced to us about 2 years ago through a friend's ex, but that's another story.  At that time it was in a much smaller space, but within the last year they have relocated to a much nicer location.  The sushi is phenomenal!  The best I have had in the valley, and I have tried many.  The rolls are to die for - large, flavorful, fresh and they never skimp on portion size or taste.  The staff is attentive and friendly.  Good sake, many flavors and sake bombers - hey why not? Must try: baby lobster roll, crunch roll, monkey brains and heart attack(mmmm...i'm salivating just thinking about it!)
5	Wow...Wow.  If only I'd found this place sooner, I wouldn't have spent so much time and money in lesser establishments.Dead on with the food.  amazing.
4	We've been to Tokoyo lobby twice. Both times were great. I'll start by saying I gave it four stars instead of five because it is small, small, small inside and the ambiance isn't fantastic. But the things you must do for good sushi! I can't recall for certain the name of our favorite roll, but I believe it was the Glendale roll. Deep fried goodness is all I can say! I know, it isn't traditional sushi, but I just can't do raw fish! Nuff said. We tried two other kinds which were good as well, but the deep fried goodness overshadowed the other ones and I have erased them from my memory. The pot stickers were ok, not fabulous. The green tea was great and came in cute little tea pots. I haven't had sake here and I don't know why, since I usually get sake. Guess I'd better head back for some more sake and sushi!
4	I think the previous reviews pretty much covered everything. I just wanted to add that the octopus salad was really tasty and tender. Of course, the ahi sushi was top grade as well. I will be back, for sure!
4	After reading the reviews, I decided to take my brother here who was in town for my birthday. He and I are fans for this uncooked cuisine. We have to say that this place did not disappoint. We tried the seaweed salad (my first time to try this, very good) to start. We then ordered a couple different rolls and some nigri. All was very tasty and melted in my mouth. I will be going back soon.
5	Absolutely fantabulous.This is the place that I judge every other sushi place up against because this place is 100% awesome.Small mom and pop place, Kelvin and Jennifer are always welcoming with their Japanese greeting as soon as any customer walks thru the door.  You then walk in to a very modern looking eastern asian decor and sit down.  Drinks are served very quickly, my favorite being the sake special, where you get two large Kirins with a small sake for $10.There are two menus.  The paper menu with a great variety of nigiri, sashimi, traditional rolls and the largest menu of specialty rolls I've seen so far.I have tried everything save two items on that menu, and that's only because I have my favorites that I always go back to, considering I go weekly to this place.Sashimi is excellent, although pricier than most places, but they are thick steaks.  NO fishy taste.Nigiri is awsome, with the correct amount of wasabi on the pieces that are appropriate for wasabi and the sticky rice is exactly the way sticky rice should be: STICKY.  And again, no fishy taste. Unless you get mackerel, but anybody who likes mackerel knows that's what you're asking for when you order that fish.Now the traditional rolls in your traditional sushi place tend to be pretty bland, forcing people to go with the specialty rolls.Not with TL.Any spicyness accentuates the flavor of the fish, without any fishy taste.  And if it's not spicy, he uses the eel sauce, or ponzu. Awesome.The specialty rolls are effectively named and the plating is beautiful with many colors. Kelvin especially likes to play around with his plates, making little figures for you out of wasabi if you are one of the regulars and goofing off.  My favorite... the Alaska Roll.  California roll with salmon on the outside, topped with spicy tuna and scallop... it's just beautiful.In the book menu, there are many things... the best chicken teriaki I've ever had, and a shrimp fried rice that is TO DIE FOR.  There are also a couple of "boats" that are very convenient... the Kyoto and the Osaka are packages of nigiri, sashimi and 2 or 3 chef's choice specialty rolls.  Very good value. Service is great and they will let you just sit and hang out if you wanted to and I find I usually have to ask for the check, which is ok for me.  I don't like feeling hurried.You can order take out, and recently they started offering delivery.The best part... the 80's music. Brings back memories and many times I hear customers singing along with Madonna or Prince.All in all... it's nice to go to a place and tell the head sushi chef "just make me something" and be able to trust that he will make you something he knows you will like.
5	Ever since I received severe food poisoning from Kyoto Bowl sushi I never wanted to eat the stuff again. (Yes, it was a Kyoto Bowl, I know that now. Leave me alone, I was 14!!) I was introduced to Tokyo Lobby many moons ago by a good friend when I was 18 and working in retail. Tokyo Lobby was still located in the strip mall next to the Wal-Mart and the restaurant was the size of my bedroom. My first taste of Heaven on earth was the Glendale roll! Sweet, sweet sushi! I just couldn't get enough! The prices were so reasonable and the food quality so well done this was my new favorite place! Any excuse to go here was all I needed! Then I heard that they were moving! My heart started to drop; was I going to have to say goodbye to my favorite hidden gem? NO! They moved across the parking lot to a bigger better place! Tokyo Lobby is even more amazing now. Reasons I am giving Tokyo Lobby 5 Stars: 1. I have NEVER gotten sick from the sushi. 2. The prices are AMAZING (I do think they raised them a bit in the past couple of months, but who can blame them?) 3. The new place has more room, a bigger sushi bar and an outdoor patio! 4. The service has ALWAYS, ALWAYS been top notch. 5. They have a yummy Sake selection!
5	im a big fan of  sushi.this place is great, although small inside. The fried california rolls are to die for.
5	I was introduced to Tokyo Lobby about 3 months ago and I have been coming back on average about twice a month ever since.  I absolutely love this Sushi Restaurant.  I prefer to sit at the bar and not at a table.  Very small establishment, but the food is deliscious.  Everytime I order I get a Sapporo Japanese Beer, some warm saki on the side and food I order the Eel roll and a Vegas roll.  Both rolls are partially deep fried with tempura and are extremely good!  I can't get away from them.  I have been anxious to try other things on the menu but I just can't get away from those 2 rolls.  My girlfriend usually gets one of hte boxes that comes with rice, soup, meat, sushi and a house salad.  Prices are great!  Its like having scottsdale sushi in glendale with great prices.
5	I am a sushi fanatic. I could eat it everyday if I could afford it. It does get expensive. With that said, I have to say that Tokyo Lobby is the best sushi restaurant I have been to. The prices are very fair for sushi. You can go to the VERY expensive places in Scottsdale, spend twice as much, and not get better sushi. I have eaten here more times than I can count and would recommend it to any sushi lover.
4	What a treat.  We sure were surprised at the quality of the sushi here.  This is a small joint so come early or be prepared to wait.  The place right off of bell road which was nice and the parking was good.  We went to Tokyo Lobby at around 8pm and lucky for us there was a table open right when we got there.  The hostess sat as after the bus boy/server/bus boy cleaned the table.  It took about ten minutes before we could place our order and it seemed that way because one waitress was taking orders in the entire place.  We also had to ask for her to take our order also.  She seemed a little over whelmed with the amount of tables she had so we said here we go have a little patience.  We ordered all of our food at once knowing that if we ordered drinks and waited to order when the drinks came it would take forever.  Our Sushi was excellent! Very Very Very good and fresh.  The Edamame was so fresh and good and huge portion.  Our beers cold you cant go wrong with kirin!  But my favorite had to be the phoenix roll it was so amazing.  The spicy tuna role was very much the same as most places except they put this awesome sauce on it and it is actually spicy! go figure spicy to a phoenix resident!Overall I say go and go again! They have bento bowls for those who want a combo but the Sushi A+++++I would give 5 stars if the service was a little bit better2 large kirin beers,Edamame,2 miso soups,2 rolls of sushi phoenix and tuna, and 2 sashimi plates with yellowfin tuna and octopus = 61 bucks.  Not too bad!
4	I'll be honest. Before going to Tokyo Grill, I was a 'fake' sushi lover. I liked sushi as long as there wasn't any raw fish. That being said my first visit there included a Bento box with spicy tuna. One little bite and I was hooked.This last time I stuck to rolls spicy tuna and avocado, and 2 pieces of blue fin. The blue fin was a big step for me since up to this point, I really haven't liked the texture of raw tuna, but this was like butter. My partner ordered the heart attack roll and a bento box. All were excellent.We seem to keep ending up there on Friday nights, and previous posters are right, there is only one person taking orders, so on busy nights, be prepared to take your time. But it definitely worth it.Only drawback for the evening is they forgot my Edamame. It wasn't on the bill either, but it bumps them down to 4.5 stars for the evening.
5	Where do I start... I have been going to this place for about 4 years and the quality is consistently phenomenal. If you love sushi you wont find better than this. It is family owned and I think that's key. Most of these sushi places in AZ try to make up for their crap sushi by putting on a show. Or the music is so loud you can't even think strait. You wont find that here. They are focused on one thing and that is the food. If you aren't a sushi lover or tried it and didn't like it. This is the place that will change your mind forever.
5	I LOVE sushi! And I love it even more when it is from Tokyo Lobby.  I eat here at least once a week, budget be damned.  I can't help it. I'm addicted.  I probably need some kind of support group. I'm all about the soft shell crab and the blue fin. I am also a big fan of their bento boxes.  You get a lot for your buck.  And for appetizers, the Heart Attack is great (never in a million years would I have thought I would be paying for a heart attack).  I usually go as they are opening, because once lunch hour hits, an available seat will be impossible. You should really give this place a try, it is a real treat.
5	We have eaten there twice and it is yummy.  The rolls are superb and there are lots of choices.  We ordered the "What is that" roll and it was perfect!  The spicy tuna roll is good.  My husband likes the "cooked" sushi so sticks with the spider roll, shrimp tempura roll, and spicy california roll  - all were great.  Lots of beer and saki drink specials on Friday evening if you are into that.  The service was awesome and by 6:15 on a Friday night it is packed.
4	There isn't much more I can say that everyone else already has.  But I am happy that the west side has such a great sushi restaurant, b/c I am tired of driving all the way out to Scottsdale for the right sushi.  A friend and I shared the Spicy Tuna Rolls and the Fiesta Salmon Roll.  Both were delicious and just the right amount of spicy.  We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef recommended we order the Fiesta Salmon Roll, especially if we liked spicy sushi.  He was right...it was very good, but definitely more spicy than the regular ol' spicy tuna roll, and it was very colorful!  Just like others have already posted, it is in a very non-sushi type location stuck next to a Payless Shoe Source.  Don't be fooled by the exterior.  We went on a Monday afternoon during lunch and there was a steady wave of people coming in and out...always a great sign!
5	I've tried at least a dozen sushi spots in the Valley and Tokyo Lobby is by far the best.  No "pre-cut" fish here like some other sushi bars.  The fish is incredibly fresh, in fact, certain items can be difficult to get if you don't show up on day they received it (mirugai and uni in particular).  The nigiri and sashimi are always generous slices of fish, and the rolls have a flair that sets Tokyo Lobby a cut above the others.  Some of my favorites are the Fiesta roll, Alaska roll, and the Playboy roll.   Also highly recommend the "kama" which is a steamed fish cheek (lots of meat) served hot. Presentation is quite neat, with a simple elegance rather than the showiness of some other trendy spots.  It's a family-owned restaurant, and can be quite busy on the weekends as it's relatively small and often packed.  However, I generally stop by once a week during the middle of the week, and rarely have trouble getting a seat around 6:30pm.  The staff is friendly and polite, and you can quickly become a "regular" there between the excellent service and top-notch quality sushi.  The prices are reasonable, in fact, cheaper than many other sushi restaurants I've visited in Phoenix.  I've never felt rushed sitting at the bar.  It's a great place to bring a few friends and just sit and enjoy fantastic Japanese food.  They play an 80's station most of the time and it isn't too loud so you can chat comfortably with pals.
4	This place is solid.  Not amazing, but solid.  Its actually owned by a Korean family and not a Japanese family - and you'll notice it in the details but overall we had a good experience here.   We ordered a lot of things which ranged in flavor and quality.  Here is the skinny...Rice:fish ratio (sushi only) - perfectFish quality - ok to excellent; salmon and yellowtail were ok - yellowtail belly, large scallops and  mirugai were excellent.  Rolls were ok  - we had two specialty rolls; most of them come as "spicy" which I personally don't enjoy. Tempura veggies:  excellent.The service was great.  The restaurant was clean...will most likely become our new neighborhood sushi joint.  Glad to have found this place with the help of my fellow yelpers.
4	Came here for dinner on a Tuesday night with another couple.  I was excited to come here because this place has been on my list since I moved to Glendale.  The restaurant is located in a boring strip mall, but you would never know that by the looks on the inside.  I had the Las Vegas roll, spicy tuna roll, edamame, and miso soup.  The sushi was great like most others are saying here on yelp.  The miso soup was very delightful and had some good flavor to it.  The only reason I'm giving this place four stars instead of five is the fact that the edamame came out soggy and seemed to be cooked well before I ordered it.I will definitely try this place again to see if I can bump it up a notch in my opinion.  This place should not be overlooked!
3	this place is good but i think its over hyped...
4	Tokyo lobby is an overall good choice. The fish is fresh and basically nothing else on the menu has every disappointed me. Having said that there are some things that I'm gonna complain about.....I can't give it 5 stars because 1. Service blows- If you're planning on having dinner there on the weekend, don't. I swear they have maybe two waitresses who are running around all over the place. They need to hire more people. 2. It's expensive- I like to get sashimi and the prices are outrageous. I guess I'll give them some compliments since I just tore them a new a-hole. Go for lunch-it's way worth it. The lunch menu is cheap and really good, there aren't too many people there so the service is good and the staff is really friendly.
5	The BEST sushi in the state. Try the Lobster Roll.
4	One of the better places on the West-side, and arguably the best sushi in the valley of the sun.Like many others have said, most people probably drive by this place a couple times a day and don't think twice about it. It's in a very unassuming strip mall straddling the side of a Payless shoes.Since the sushi has been covered by just about everyone else,  let me try to expand on some of their other dishes. The miso soup is great and has just the right amount of flavor. Occasionally it can be a bit on the salty side, but that occurrence is rare and shouldn't stop you from giving it a try. I've been addicted to Teriyaki dishes since living in Seattle and have to say this is about as good as it gets in Arizona.  The meat is usually tender and not over saturated with sauce. My only qualm would be with the rice. It's actually perfect, but I just wish they gave you more of it.Overall though it's still one of my favorite places here in the valley. No reason you shouldn't stop by, especially if your on the west side.
4	YUMMY...went here for dinner. It was packed, but what do you expect on a Saturday? I sat down, and no one greeted me for a drink order till the rest of the family arrived. So for a good 15 minutes I sat  with my ID in my hand and some major puppy eyes. I really needed a drink BAD. Long day at work and I showed up early just so that I can order it before everyone got there. For some reason I just can't order booze in front of my grandma. Luckily my dad ordered sake so I was brave enough to order my large sapporo. It was really busy so service was slow, I didn't get my water till after we had already got our food. Boy, did we get a lot of food. My grandma is a garbage disposal, she is a true champ. What did we get.......calamari salad, veg. tempura, heart attack roll, lady special roll, salmon skin roll, edamame, 2 orders spicy tuna roll, eel roll, salmon roll, and himachi kama. I think that's it? I only had some of the heart attack roll which was FABOLOUS!!! Spicy tuna roll is always good and some veggie tempura which was good except the zuccinni it was really mushy and gooey. End of it all, the check was a bill...but it was a ton of food and OOOOO so good. I'd give it 5 stars, but California has way better sushi bars.
5	Consistantly delicious! Have been going to this joint since it was actually in the now renovated WalMart section of this corner. Can not go in without having at least one vegas roll. Their rainbow roll is also a classic and fresh staple. Their Glendale roll is amazing as well! The cucumber salad is a nice starter. Although it ain't as good as it used to be their miso soup is still pretty darn good!Great sake/beer specials! They also have special rolls for the day; a great place to go have your favorites or try something new!
5	This place is great whether you like sushi or not. I am not a fish eater, but my boyfriend is. I always order their chicken teriyaki with vegetable tempura and miso soup. All of it is always excellent. My boyfriend orders the California roll (either regular or tempura coated), the spicy tuna roll, and many others. He says it's very good as well. The service is always great and the atmosphere is nice. It's a small place, maybe 15 tables plus the sushi bar. It's not fancy, but it's a nice weekly dining experience that's affordable and great food. Be advised though, they do close from 3-5pm to prepare for dinner service.
4	Se-pe-cee-altee Loll-suh (Specialty Rolls). I can just hear my Korean parents saying this and commenting that is not real sushi. Tokyo Lobby has various specialty rolls that will blow your mind! Besides the usual Philly, Las Vegas, rainbow, and caterpillar roll, they have several additional unique rolls. They have a Marilyn Mon roll that has Spicy tuna wrapped w/ albacore and tempura onion, ichi roll that has tempura on shrimp tempura, and fiesta salmon roll with Spicy salmon w/ jalapeno on spicy crab, extra spicy. These are just a few yummy rolls that I have tried. I also had to have my hamachi (yellowtail) fix and ordered a sashimi plate of hamachi and it was absolutely delightful. Tokyo Lobby is one of the better sushi restaurants in AZ. I miss fresh sushi and find it difficult to for great sushi in AZ but Tokyo Lobby did not disappoint me.
5	After reading the reviews for Tokyo Lobby, I decided that I had to try it. It was hands-down the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. Mostly because the rolls were so unique. We had 6 rolls and the sashimi platter and nothing disappointed us. My favorite was the Vegas Roll... it confused the crap out of my tastebuds... was it sweet, was it savory? I don't know. It was just amazing. Oh, and the prices were pretty phenomenal as well!
4	I've been trying to eat here for months but only end up getting there on a Sunday which sucks because they are closed on sunday!  Either way I got to go yesterday and it really lived up to the hype!  Playboy roll 1st off is amazing, the freshness and quality is something I've never experienced in the "avenues" ironically good food is usually found in the "streets" ( that's funny to me) but really food was great from the rolls to the miso soup all great.  Another plus is the price which is low for the high quality food you get, this is def in my top 3 sushi places.  Only complaint was the creepy waiter who stood behind us the whole time and wouldn't speak to me he handed both waters to my girlfriend as well as was unable to answer questions about rolls and stuff but was with her which is just odd, food was amazing service needs some work :)
2	I...do not...get...it. Why is this place so hyped up? Did I go on an off day? I went here to see what all the buzz was about and I guess I'm still looking for it.I tried the maguro, shrimp tempura, and the tempura eel roll. It was okay, didn't take me on a mind blowing sushi adventure like I was expecting... and I even had a few sake bombs to start with! Not even that could lift my expectations. While it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, it wasn't the worst so I'll give Tokyo Lobby that. I also wasn't too happy that I left still hungry and paid around $40 for my meal. *siiigh* I promise I'll come back and update my review, I don't want one experience to ruin my opinion of a place that fellow yelpers hold in such high regard...
3	I'm not a sushi-holic, and Tokyo Lobby met my needs.  Ahi Tuna was excellent, nice selection of nagiri, shashimi, and rolls.  Average pricing for sushi and the service was quick.  It's in a strip mall parking lot, so there's not a ton of space and nothing special for an atmosphere, but I'd go back.
3	After reading all the reviews for this sushi place I was so excited to go. We went there late in the evening, about an hour before close and service was prompt and friendly enough. I was unimpressed with the sushi itself though. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad. I am a purest when it come to ordering the nagiri pieces. If I order salmon or octopus I prefer they not come with wasabi and sauces on it already because I really do enjoy the taste of the fish. The rolls I got were good and my husband who doesn't eat sushi got the beef udon. Just as we were finishing up this small group came in about 20 minutes to close and the (I assume)manager turned them away telling them they were closing soon and didn't want to have to stay late. After they argued and promised to be quick they were given a seat in the corner and then harassed about any request they had. I was so shocked by the way they treated these people and so unimpressed by their sushi I can honestly say I don't think I will go back.So I went back and put a big "No Wasabi" on the top of order. The fish was good quality and they only put wasabi on one of the pieces I ordered.
2	I feel awkward giving this restrauant the lowest score it's received but I came here based on Yelp! reviews.  The rolls were all specialty rolls so I went crazy and ordered 5 of them. The heart attack roll was weak and the jalepenos were not stuffed at all... The fire and volcano rolls which are supposed to be baked came out cold and tasted extremely bland... And the Mama Mia roll was somewhat decent.It's a small place and although we got there later in the night I did not expect to be stared at to finish and feel uncomfortable with 10 minutes until close still while they turned all lights off. I won't be going back.
1	If I could, I would give this place a zero because that's what I got from this place; nothing. Here's why.I don't plan what I'm going to eat so when Japanese come into my mind, I think about the few places in town I can go to.Recently, my party came inside some time after lunch on a workday and we were told the place is closing and schedule to be re-open later. I was like What? , on a work  hour?On another prior visit last year, I step in and ordered 2 dishes to-go on a worknight but later another waiter girl came back to me saying "because we are so full of (other) customers, we won't take to-go order". That was the whole point of my to-go order because there lines waiting outside. Totally illogical, they could have said it would be a 30 minute wait and I would be fine with that. They didn't even try at recourse or more politically correct; they were not properly trained.  I think they've added outdoor seats to mitigate this.I felt priveledge to have patron them a few times, and my review of  the food is typical Japanese; clean and fresh. But, You can get that down the street  on Bell Rd too.Never have I felt similar to being discriminated and these waiters are northern Asian!  At least if  I got something from them even bad food, it was a purchase the merchant supposively should be happy to pocket and there's a chance I come back.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise. Great selection of rolls and the Heart Attack appetizer may be the best appetizer in town. They have a bunch of new twists on old favorites and their Mexican roll is great. Also very impressed that they use a lot of halibut. Service is alright but they have great sake bomb prices to help you forget.
5	I rarely ever bite my tounge but in this case I will.  After trying out many sushi places in the area, this is by far the best.  I have yet to eat something at Tokyo Lobby I do not like.  Well worth the price and wait, at times.  The Fiesta roll has become one of my favorites.  I also really like the Heart Attack.  Its like playing Russian Roulette.  Sometimes you get a mild one and sometimes you feel the burn.  This place well deserves the 5 stars.  I completely believe the Hype now...
5	After reading some rave reviews on Yelp and sampling some other not so good sushi bars in the area (Kabuki & Ah-So) I decided to take a nice drive down to Tokyo Lobby.  I was AMAZED!  Finally a traditional authentic Japanese sushi bar!  With nice heaping pieces of (melt in your mouth) sushi on small pieces of fresh sushi rice glued together by fresh wasabi (a detail i did not see at the other two bars) I was immediately wooed!  Followed by a shrimp asparagus roll and some decent sake to start off with I was in beginning to see the light. Then came the shrimp shumai which brought me back to the days in chinatown when my great grandmother used to take us to the Emperor's Palace in the deep heart of California.  I must admit the shumai was small and I was expecting something a bit more traditional dim-sum like nice big pieces but beware, the small pieces packed big flavor and brought me back to my childhood and great memories of my great grandmother regardless of size.After having the usual yellowtail, salmon, and tuna, we opted for some snapper.  The snapper was absolutely on point, a little stiff at the first bite but then slowly melt in your mouth after that.  Then while sitting at the bar as soon as my first round of sake was done the waitress was soon to come around and ask me for another which i pleasantly replied for the higher end original plum wine sake, so sweet and a great balance for my heavy wasabi intake.While sitting at the bar and feeling very good courtesy of my plum wine sake I couldn't help eyeing a mouthwatering piece of fresh fish. The chef noticed me eyeing that delicious piece of filet and overheard me asking my dad what it was, he kindly butted in and told me it was albacore, I said can you get us an order of that??  He proceeded to cut up two slices of albacore and handed it over the bar.  I was smitten, this was a fish I have never tried at sushi joint before and after that one bite, I am sure to add it to the regular orders. So sweet and so soft, but still managed to maintain it's firm qualities. A contradictory of course, but what would the Japanese be without contradictions?!  A delicate balance I would rather call it.After a beautiful appetizer and entree my father and I were ready to tackle dessert.  A gorgeous Dragon Roll lay before us; a 69 roll but instead of crab inside it's shrimp tempura, and if I said the nigiri sushi was melt in your mouth, this was MELT IN YOUR MOUTH!!  Decadently followed by freshwater eel by itself....this was truly a night to remember!So to summarize - great sushi and excellent service.  Authentic Japanese sushi and did I mention the price??  The best value for your money guaranteed!  If you love sushi you will not leave disappointed!
5	I have to start by saying I love this restaurant! I've been going here for two years and have yet to be disappointed. Kelvin and Casey are great at the sushi bar. My friends and I always order the Beauty Roll, then experiment with the rest of our order.We've had birthday parties, wedding dinners, and other celebrations here because they have food that a wide spectrum of people enjoy, not just sushi. It's also a great place for the sushi-newbie. Once you start here, you'll never go back!
5	It's been a while, so I'm going to update. So... I've been going here since 2004... on average, at least 3 times a month.  I swear that when I win the lottery, I am stealing Kelvin and Jennifer from all of you so they can be my personal chefs.  Sorry ya'll. :-)The food quality hasn't changed (which is absolutely THE BEST... and I've tried a lot of sushi places to compare it to)... Kelvin and Jennifer haven't changed... they have a massive TV to check out either an Iron Chef competition or the local ballgame.They are now open ALL DAY.  YAY!!!!What's cool is that recently they updated their happy hour special... special priced rolls from 11:00am to 2:30pm every single day... and they have a special where you can get a large beer and a small sake for $5!  NICE.  Bring that on.  I mentioned that to a friend recently... and he said, "That's a great deal... and a whole lotta trouble!"If there's anywhere where I want to get in trouble... it's at Tokyo Lobby. They are my sushi family. :-)
5	This is by far the best sushi in the west valley.  I have eaten here for the past 3 years and love it.  Only once was the sushi a little sub par but it was a very busy night and I think the sushi guys were overworked.  99% of the time its PERFECT!   My all time favorite is the yummy roll... the sauce is amazing.
1	Came here for dinner based on the many positive Yelp reviews and I'm sorry to say this was the worst sushi I have ever had.  The portions were TINY and the sushi was, well, fishy. It didn't taste like the high quality sushi that I was expecting.  Plus the prices were extremely high for the quality and quantity of food received.I guess RA and Kabuki are the only decent sushi restaurants in the Phoenix metro area.  Avoid this place and go to either of those instead!
5	Tokyo Lobby is hands down my favorite sushi bar in Phoenix area. I've been there countless times and have never been let down.I usually start with the miso soup and monkey brains for appetizers.Always get their mackerel saba sashimi (amazing).For rolls:Caterpillar Roll or any of their eel is amazing.Las Vegas RollSpicy scallop rollRainbow Roll (always fresh)Shrimp Tempura Rolland will alternate between tuna roll and yellowtail rolls.Their service is fantastic, their food is amazing, and I never hesitate to bring my little brothers because they always have suggestions for kids. Five stars!
5	I have a friend who has been a long time champion of this place for several years now. He swore to me up and down that it was amazing; so my wife and I made the long journey from south phoenix to glendale to see what this place was all about, and I have to say, I'm happy we did. We tried a wide variety of their rolls, and while I know sushi is typically expensive, this place was well priced for the quality we received. We tried the volcano roll, which was amazing. The combination of flavors was superb, it was a bit much to take in. My only criticism of it would be that it was a little too saucy, but still good. Then we moved onto the jalepno poppers, not sure what they were called, they were delicious! And just the right amount of spice. The las vegas roll was good, exactly what you would expect. The dragon roll, which is just eel on top of a california roll was great. We got a roll that had shrimp tempura in it as well and it was delicious, crunchy on the inside, not soggy like some places you go to. Overall, I would say this is my favorite sushi place in the valley, with a very close second being Sushi Eye (they're just too expensive, and the quality doesn't justify the price). If you go here, you will love it.
5	I remember eating here years ago when they were connected to the Wal-Mart building. It was a tiny place with not much room but it was very good. After saying a million times that I need to eat there again, my wife and I go for my birthday dinner. When we got there there wasn't much going on so we sat down right away. Looking at the menu, I see that the large beers are $5, and then I take a look at the little sign on the table. "Sake Bombs $5, includes large beer and sake". SOLD! We both get one, and got WAY more sake then I thought we would, and before I could even get halfway done with my beer, our sushi arrived, it was really fast. I think we got two rolls and pot stickers. All of the food was really good, the only thing I would change is that the roll sizes are a little large, it takes a really big bite to get a piece in. Not that I'm complaining cause I like my portions, but just a slightly smaller roll would be perfect. Summary: YOU DON'T NEED TO GO TO SCOTTSDALE TO EAT GOOD SUSHI!! Support the north side and help the little guys out, you'll be glad you did!
5	I was looking for a good sushi bar and this place popped up. Boy am I glad it did too. Nice cozy place, service was excellent, sushi was amazing, I could not believe how FAST they were! I was actually a little nervous because I didn't think it could be fresh coming out that fast but it was delicious. Also how do you beat 5 dollar sake bombers! thanks Tokyo Lobby, I will be back soon!
2	It was okay, but "Meh, I've experienced better." We were a party of 6 on a Thursday night. They made it clear that they close by 9:30pm and that they were ready for us to go. However,the server was pretty friendly and fast.The food was just okay. The rolls were very average at best, not tightly rolled. The Catepillar roll had a very sweet eel sauce (more like a maple flavored sauce) and it was hard to eat. We had to remind them that our order was not all complete...perhaps in the rush to get our food out so we could leave by the time they closed, they may have overlooked or order. I'm confused about how this place got such high reviews, since they didn't even come close in my experience.
4	For some reason, sushi brings out the snob in Americans. Unfortunately, it has been less of an opportunity to dine on high quality uncooked seafood, and more of a showcasing of who can look trendiest or appear to have the best taste.When I'm done making fun of newbies who prefer California rolls, and tired of gaudy decorations, I need a place that gets down to business. A place where you can chill out and and stuff some salmon in peace.Tokyo Lobby is that place.The traditional rolls are always tasty, and I don't recall any individual item being more than about $10. What really shines here are the specialty rolls. I tried the 'Orgasm' and the flavor blew my mind. I really wanted the Sex on the Beach, but to my dismay the chef was out of the bananas for the tempura. Curses, but you knew I'd be back anyway!My only problem is that I feel the eel sauce is too sweet...reminded me of an allspice flavor as opposed to the more savory sauces I've sampled elsewhere. Also, the seating is a bit crowded and they're closed on Sunday! That alone has lost them several visits from me. STILL WORTH IT.Next time you're on Bell Road craving sushi, visit Tokyo Lobby and get a quality product without seeing swarms of snobs. You'll thank me later.
5	Mmmm.... Volcano roll.....I ordered several rolls to go, and like always, wasn't disappointed. My brother in law always requests that we eat here when he comes to town to visit. Yum yum!
5	"I've cut a bitch for less..."This is the response I received from my Partner in Culinary Crime after demonstrating my mad chopstick skills to scoop up a wayward spicy scallop.   You see, the creations at Tokyo Lobby are worth fighting for.  Every last morsel.  Of course I am going to risk life and limb!!   :)Before moving AZ, I was told by friends who were familiar with my sushi-loving ways that I had to try Tokyo Lobby.  Nearly two years later, it was finally time to take their advice - we headed west into the uncharted territory of... Glendale!That first visit was spectacular, and since then we have been back multiple times for both lunch and dinner.  Sometimes twice in the same week - it is really that good. We have tried a variety of items, but so far the favorites are:- Hamachi Toro - yellowtail belly sashimi- Spicy Scallops- Chicago Roll - salmon on spicy crab and scallops- What the Heck Roll - I can only describe this as spicy tuna heaven, with some jalapeno tossed in just because it is fun...Try any and all of these with their fresh wasabi and citrus-infused ponzu.  Amazing!!Top this off with a large beer (Ichiban, please!) and hot sake for only $5.From the fresh and perfectly prepared fish to the friendly and attentive owners and staff, a visit to Tokyo Lobby is really a pleasure.  If Glendale is not what immediately comes to mind when you think of sushi, it will be soon!  Tanoshinde!!
4	My boyfriend J introduced me to Tokyo Lobby almost two years ago.  Ever since, we eat there almost every week, both of us being unlikely fans of sushi.Service is typically fast and with a smile, and with us, as we come in often, they always have our drinks and miso soup waiting.  The miso itself is pretty tasty - I've had a fair variety, and TL's is by far the most preferred for me.While the rolls are a bit on the expensive side, they are typically very hearty, and can fill you quite nicely.  Ordering is done, typically, via a very simple system - a printed out spreadsheet with a quick description of the rolls, and a space to mark how many you want.  The names are giggle-worthy on occasion, and often give rise to a small smile for me as we pore over what to order.Some of the things not to miss:The Aloha roll - tuna with pineapple and a sweet yogurt sauce.  Believe it or not, it makes a FANTASTIC dessert roll, leaving just the right amount of sweet on your lips.The Fire roll - Wish I were awesome enough to remember everything in this, but I'm not.  All I know is it's tasty, the sauce they put on it is delish, and they bring it to your table ON FIRE.  Come on, that's some pretty awesome stuff.The Las Vegas roll - Deep fried, yes.  Oily, no.  It's fried just enough to melt the cream cheese that makes part of the core of the roll, giving a smooth texture that mixes well with the initial crunch when you bite.There are a few downsides to this restaurant - seating is pretty limited, and if you come in at certain times, it can get pretty noisy.  Also, if you're in after about 9:15 at night, they make it clear that they close at 9:30, and will rush you a bit to get your order in.  Not always the best, but the food is worth it.One word of warning - don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach.  J & I did that one night, and ended up with 1 1/2 rolls that we just couldn't finish.  We took them home, figuring we'd snack on them when we got hungry again in an hour or so.  The sauces they use don't take well to staying on a roll for long, and tend to disintegrate it.As far as the eel sauce, which some have mentioned, it is a bit on the sweet side, but I've found asking for a reduction in the amount of eel sauce tends to level the issue fairly well.By all means, go and enjoy - the food is truly worth it.  And hey, if you see a hippy looking fellow and a fat girl happily munching away at something that's on fire, say hi!
5	THE ABSOLUTE BEST!I have been here probably over 15 times in the past 3 years, ever since it was across the parking lot!I have no clue what others are saying bad about this place, it is the best I've had, and they don't Americanize the cuisine! Well worth the price and very friendly service.
4	The sushi here is exceptional.My friend, Mason P., and I went here for lunch today because we were in a sushi mood.We ordered the Vegas Roll, the Hawaiian roll, and the Chicago roll. The last of which was not my favorite thing in the world because it was pretty bland. On the other hand, the Vegas and the Hawaiian rolls were both great.One major complaint that I have... I want a straw with my beverage next time, please. Another thing, the staff is nice, but not really personable. It was pretty busy, though.
5	Hands down the best sushi in north Phoenix - the sushi is exceptionally fresh.
3	3.5 stars. Its good and consistent. Its not my favorite sushi place but my wife and daughter enjoy it and its conveniently located for us.
4	Great food in the crappiest suburb of Phoenix.  Shoot me if I ever say I am moving to Phoenix.  I see old people...I came here for dinner both nights last weekend, sat at the bar, drank Asahi and ate specialty rolls.Friday night: Sex on the Beach (apparently not just a girly cocktail) and sea weed salad.  Very non-traditional: tasty tuna served in quarters of fried banana with spikes of seaweed. Nice julienned white radish in the center. Served without ginger or wasabi. Good sea weed salad. Went at 7 pm and place was full of 20 something trendy, trashy bar types, plus some families. Was immediately sat a the bar, otherwise would have waited for a table.Saturday night: Fewer people at 8pm. Sat next to nice guy who had dropped his kids at the Free Zone. Specialty roll: Very spicy tuna roll with mango and it was. Came with wasabi only, but I did  not need it lol.  Again with the spiky seaweed. Side of cucumber salad good contrast to spiciness of roll. Fair green tea icecream afterward.Such a pleasure to find this place.  Thank you local Yelpers, you did not fail me.  Nice patio seating, even if in a parking lot next to Payless (great landmark).
4	I've been going here for a couple years. I stuff myself silly. I recommend the orgasm roll. All their specialty rolls are very good and fresh. I wasn't too fond of the tofu appetizer. The miso soup is delicious. Bento lunch boxes have a lot of food too. I've heard that the chicken is dry but the beef isn't that bad, just a little dry.They have a pretty good happy hour from 11 - 3 as well...they switch up what's on the happy hour menu every week or two which helps with the variety.
4	Great place and staff!  Monkey brains is the best!
1	GREAT SUSHI.  But I won't go back because the CHEF is a CONDESCDENDING JACKAZZ.  He was bragging about his knives and his style of cooking, so I asked him if he HAD EVER BEEN to JAPAN.  He said,  I am American, I am not Japanese,  I am from California......giving me the evil eye, ASSUMING that I thought he was Japanese.  NO,  I just asked if YOU HAD EVER BEEN TO JAPAN.  YOU OWN A JAPANESE RESTAURANT and YOU COOK JAPANESE cuisine and I thought that MAYYYYYBE,  you may have BEEN TO JAPAN.  SORRY DUDE, better brush up on your AMERICAN English!!   Also, he doesn't like baseball.  Refered to it as a STUPID GAME.  BAM!!  I never stepped foot back in there, and I was a regular customer.  A little niceness goes a long way.
2	After an exhaustive search for good sushi with good prices in the West Valley, I decided to take hubby here for lunch after reading recent Yelpers' glowing reviews of the place. We are hard-core sushi lovers.I SO WANTED this to replace our 2 favorite Scottsdale sushi restaurants (RA and Sapporo), because, frankly, while we are ALWAYS in the mood for good sushi, we would prefer not to deal with the crowds and noise or the 40 mins. travel time one way.    The good news is that I got my sushi fix. We got there at 2:00 p.m. which was considered Happy Hour, so we paid $19 for 2 spicy tuna rolls, a shrimp tempura roll, and a spicy crab and shrimp roll. I needed to pick up some things at Sprouts Farmers Market, so the location was also convenient. I will say that the sushi is slightly better than any other West Valley sushi restaurant we've been to including: 3 different Ah-So Sushi and Steak Restaurants (friends love the teppanyaki there), where the sushi is so bland and over-priced. K Sushi, where the rolls were overstuffed with rice, Yen Sushi & Sake Bar where EVERY roll was very warm (kinda gross for spicy tuna rolls), and Fresh Wasabi, where the sushi was nondescript. Sushi review: spicy tuna rolls were in NO WAY spicy. We actually asked if they were the right order. The gal who answered said, "Yes. Some people think it is VERRY spicy." At the same time, both my husband and I looked at each other like "What?? You gotta be kidding!!" We have to think those poor souls either have no or defective taste buds or they've never had sushi before. We were a bit disappointed as we were both craving SPICY tuna, not just tuna. It tasted just okay. Shrimp tempura roll was decent. Spicy crab and shrimp roll? Again, in NO WAY did it have ANY heat level to it. It was pretty, and again, tasted okay. They provided a big mound of wasabi - they could have put 1/2 the amount and it would have been enough, and a big beautiful pile of sliced ginger (I love that stuff).Staff was a bit aloof. As soon as we sat down we were told the restaurant was closing at 2:30 p.m. We immediately ordered, received our food, and were never asked how our food was or if we needed anything else. The bill was left, we paid, and there was no "thank you" or "come again." The search for the elusive good tasting and good priced sushi in the West Valley continues...
4	Me and my husband love Tokyo Lobby! We always receive good service and fresh sushi. I think my favorite thing about Tokyo Lobby is that their non sushi sushi is as great as the rolls with raw fish. My hubby is not a fan of real sushi so this is a place we can both go and enjoy our food. Favs? Monkey Brain (sounds way worse, it is quite tasty). Also the Chicago Roll. Best sushi on the west side for the price you pay. I would much rather give Tokyo Lobby my business than a chain restaurant that wants to charge me double for food and have less quality.
2	Been here a few times, I guess I go for convenience since its close by.  It's an OK place but I had better.  Service is good and the product is like I said OK.  I've had Mr. Sushi on Black Canyon HWY which is better.
1	Sushi did not taste fresh.  And whatever sauce they used on my not-fresh dragon roll almost made me puke.  Service was decent though.  That deserves the one star I am forced to put on here.
3	I am still on a quest to find decent sushi in the Northwest valley. Came to this restaurant based upon the reviews and was hoping that THIS TIME the reviews would be right. Some thoughts.....I have tried Sushi all over the world and have a favorite spot in Tucson I compare everything to, Sachiko Sushi. At Tokyo Lobby the fish was decent (yellow tail, tuna, and salmon) but a little on the small side and maybe a bit overpriced. I am surprised at how much more sushi is here compared to Tucson. I figured it would be as cheap if not cheaper due to more competition...oh well.Had two rolls, a California and a Spicy Yellow Tail. Let me start with the California roll. This seemed to have mayo in it. I have found this to be the norm up here. I don't get that...mayo adds nothing except maybe to reduce the restaurants cost. Don't get me wrong, I like mayo just not in my California roll. The Spicy Yellow Tail tasted good but seemed small. We rounded out the meal with Edamame and a Dinner salad. My wife said the Dinner salad was the best plate she had in the whole meal. I think that pretty much sums it up. Total cost $32 without drinks. I think in Tucson I would have paid about $20. Oh well my quest continues.
5	Great place.Service was great!Had some nigiri and two rolls.Everything was good and it all tasted fresh. One of the rolls I liked was the PlayGirl.Friend ordered the Playboy and said the salmon was perfect.The place is clean and the play 80's rock at just the right volume.
4	Kind of a cool joint in an unexpected place.The appetizers were GREAT! The monkey brains in particular were memorable. The sushi was decent, nothing to write home about, as were the other main dishes.The service was good. We came with a party of about 12 and they accommodated us right away for an early dinner. When all our rolls came out, it was rather confusing, but everyone eventually got their food.I would love to come back next time I'm in the neighborhood!
5	Tokyo Lobby is by far my FAVORITE sushi joint in the Phoenix area. I have tried a ton of other sushi places and so far nothing even compares to the quality of the food or the service I have received at Tokyo Lobby.They have a huge selection of specialty rolls and really great drink specials.Try the orgasm roll! It's the roll that keeps me coming back. I could seriously eat like 5 plates of that thing it is so good!I've had a number of their sashimi plates and have never been disappointed. Try the red snapper or yellowtail. Also, try out their baked baby lobster roll. It's the most expensive thing on their specialty sushi menu (at 12.95 you're not gonna break the bank) but it is totally worth it. It's also a great place to take someone who likes Japanese but maybe isn't a huge fan of sushi. They have a pretty good sized menu filled with things other than rolls. I took my mother and daughter here once and they got HUGE bento boxes with grilled chicken and fresh veggies that came with a cup of soup for only around $12. I have been here for countless birthdays and special occasions and each and every time I was satisfied with both my food and the service we received.  I highly recommend this place.
4	For a NYC guy visiting Phoenix for the first time, i gotta say i was imressed. Try the unagi or spicy tuna. Both are excellent.
4	great sushi, reasonably priced, and they also offer other entrees as well.  try the grilled whitefish or the teryaki salmon!  One of my favorite places to eat!
5	Yeah...this place is pretty awesome. Excellent, attentive service and great food. Everything I've ordered has been fresh and tasty.Not much more to say except, GO THERE! It's good stuff.
5	Can never say enough about this place.  Service is always top notch. Sushi & sashimi are always fresh and tasty.  Great place for lunch or dinner.  Highly recommend for the picky sushi eater!
1	I will never darken their doorstep again. I've had sub-par sushi before, but I have never, EVER left an establishment feeling ill after eating there. Couple that with their lazy service, lackluster flavor combinations (what is that gross sauce that they put on EVERYTHING??), and borderline microscopic portion sizes, it was absolutely NOT worth how much I paid. Never again. Ew.
5	Im a big sushi fan and this past Wed we had to find a place to eat, our friend recommended Tokyo Lobby.   I've driven past it before, but never thought to eat.  The back of the building faces Bell Rd., so you dont actually see anything but the name.When walking inside, it has the decor and feel like a small well lit sushi bar. They have a patio outside that is covered for small parties and people to hang out at.  Inside they have about 10 or so tables.  Plenty of room for anyone.We ordered our drinks and some edemame and then it was time to order the sushi..  We tried some of the signature rolls like "Orgasm" and "Monkeybrains."  Let me tell you... some of the best sushi I have had.  The Orgasm was so unusual, but delicious.  It had a sweet crunch to it and then just melted in your mouth.  I know that can sound a bit much.. but it was amazing.For three people.. we ordered six rolls..Yes.. 6.   When I was done, I was literally thinking "Umm. more please?"I can't wait to go back!  The service was awesome, the food was great and I had no clue this place was this good!
4	Really creative sushi and you gotta love a place that has the bento box.
1	The sushi was not at all good. The service was on the poor side. Our one and only visit was not enjoyable.
5	As soon as you walk in you immediately get the feeling as though you are in Tokyo; the atmosphere is great! I went for lunch and their lunch specials offer a lot of very high quality and tastefull food and a very fair cost. I highly reccamend it to anyone who enjoys Great Japanese Cuisine!
5	My husband and I discovered Tokyo Lobby last month (thanks to Yelp!) and we've been five times so far. The service is great, the atmosphere is inviting, and the food is amazing. I highly recommend the miso soup and the Philly roll (though the "salmon cream cheese roll" is almost the same thing and is half the price of the Philly if you go during happy hour).
4	I've been here a few times. I've tried a variety of their rolls and have to say the sushi is just okay. What I keep coming back for is specifically for their Glendale and Volcano rolls which are rich and flavorful.  Their bento boxes were surprisingly good sized.
2	OKAY. It's official. I went here for lunch yesterday to give this place another try. I don't like to completely write off a place unless I get extremely bad service, but never again Tokyo Lobby! I must be living in crazy town or have the best luck ever going on the two crappiest days for Tokyo Lobby. I'm seriously not understanding what there is to like here. I ordered a few rolls, one of them were so big in diameter I thought it was a frisbee (not very conducive for dipping or eating for that matter since one bite made everything fall apart) and the sauces on the rolls were way too sweet...I thought maybe they were glazed with candy. And probably the worst roll was one that had too much cream cheese in it! The salmon to cream cheese ratio was out of control! I literally bit into a chunk of cream cheese. I had to drown everything out with wasabi because the water I had tasted weird too. The sad part is I couldn't even finish the meal, not because I was full but because I didn't want to. The meal was also very overpriced, especially for the quality of food. It's not like I blindly ordered without knowing what I was going to have to pay, but I don't mind paying a bit more for good food -  however this was the nail in the coffin. $45 for a subpar lunch for two people? They can have my money for the last time.
5	It's about time I write a review for this wonderful sushi place. My wife and I have eaten there about a half dozen times and we've yet to be disappointed. Yes there are rolls I wont order again because I don't like them but, there are also rolls I will order every time I walk into Tokyo Lobby. The fish is fresh, delicious and overall great. The owner obviously takes great care in procuring his product. The yellowtail scallion roll is my favorite on the menu. Chunky pieces of yellowtail are mixed with spicy mayo in side with slices of yellow tail and scallions on the top. The sushi is so good here that my 40 weeks pregnant wife decided to end her caring about food rules when it came to sushi here. As long as we live in this area this tiny little find will be our sushi joint.
5	By far one of my favorite sushi restaurants.  Their Vegas rolls are to die for. Nice environment, great service, and an awesome happy hour.
5	Since we have found Tokyo Lobby we have stopped going anywhere else.  Our favorites are Monkey Brains and the Playboy Roll.  The Playboy Roll is one of those rolls that you can't stop thinking about until you get it again.  It is really that good.The restaurant is small but we have never had to wait to get in.  The owner is usually there and very attentive.I highly recommend this place!!
5	Definitely has some very unique rolls for people to experiment with. Love coming here, and wish it was closer so I could frequent more often.The food is fresh, everything is prepared where you can watch them work. Very flavorful, very tender. Definitely the place to go for the the sushi lover.
5	This is one of my favorite sushi places. I have been coming here for almost 5 years with friends, my bf, and occasionally, just me. It's small and cozy on the inside. It's on Bell Road but faces away from the street, in front of Wal Mart. They offer happy hour during lunch, which is aweome. The rolls featured rotate every so often, and it's always generous choices. I get miso soup or squid salad with a side of sriracha sometimes, and always sushi rolls. My favorites are the Mexican (crab with sushi shrimp), Philly, spicy crab, Vegas (deep fried goodness) and Yummy roll. (it is!!!) I also get the monkey brains appetizer on occasion. Not the healthiest but its delicious. The rolls are always fresh tasting and they have amazing sauces. I was with friends once who ordered teriyaki chicken, and that is also delicious for the non sushi people out there.The owner is often there and always says hello.I love their iced green tea (as you read my reviews, you'll understand I'm really big on tea). It has to be the quality stuff. So refreshing! Hot green tea is really good, too.Oh, and they have mochi for dessert! What are you waiting for? Go to Tokyo Lobby!
3	Tokyo lobby is just OK.We went around 8pm on a Saturday, there was no wait, but it was close to full. The portion sizes are good and they have some interesting rolls that I'd never seen before, like the "what the heck" roll, which is pretty spicy and pretty good.I am a seaweed salad junkie. Unfortunately here its lacking, the seaweed was really hard and tough, instead of a crisp/squishy texture that it usually has. It was really disappointing because I think its a pretty hard thing to mess up. I also got a spicy tuna roll, which was not good. It tasted like nothing. Not spicy, or any other flavor at all. It was really weird and I ended up just not eating it which is UNHEARD of when it comes to me and sushi.I think that my boyfriend would probably come back here because their nigiri and specialty rolls are pretty good, but I need my seaweed salad fix when I get sushi, so I don't think I'll be going back. The prices are what I consider average.
2	Nothing special, really.  The prices were great, especially the $5 Sake Bomber special.  But overall, the food was just not sexy at all.
5	My family and I have been coming here for several years now (we started going before they moved to their new location).  We like our sushi and have been to several places in the valley, as well as in CA, where I am from.  We always return to Tokyo lobby when we want consistently fresh fish (particularly Hamachi, Tuna and Salmon).  Their California Rolls are very generous in terms of portion size and the best I've ever had.  The atmosphere is modest, and they don't have a bunch of fancy rolls; but for consistently high quality sushi, particularly the fish, Tokyo Lobby is my pick.
5	Best sushi in Arizona! No matter how many other sushi places I try, I always come back to Tokyo Lobby. Great service, fair prices and always delicious!
4	Went in for Lunch and was blown away at the speed I received my sushi, too bad I wasn't on a timetable because I would have been on time.  The food was good and there was a good size crowd for lunch.  Will return for another lunch run.
5	You would be hard pressed to tell me there is another Sushi bar in the whole valley that is better than this place! The prices and quality speak for themselves. THEE BEST Las Vegas roll known to man! It will become your favorite Sushi bar after one try! Considering I forgot to check in many times I should have about 10-15 already! :)
3	Decent sushi place in glendale.
4	Fantastic service, great fish, all around a great place to grab sushi.
4	I don't eat meat/fish so my usuals are the avocado roll, cucumber roll and the seaweed salad.  It's hard to mess those up, but I've had my share of "what was that!?!?!" I've never been disappointed with Tokyo Lobby.My friends and family rave about the Las Vegas roll and baked mussels.Great service, food comes out quickly, no fuss.  I moved here from So Cal and it has been difficult to find a sushi place that comes close to the places we frequented back home.  We've stopped searching thanks to Tokyo Lobby.
4	I really like this place for the shrimp ebi I usually get 5 orders and a green tea. I love the people that work there because today i was in too much pain to get down and she brought it out to my car which was really sweet. I recommend this place for the yummy sushi and good service.
1	I've tried this restaurant twice, and it hasn't been okay.  Getting decent sushi in the Valley seems to be based on whether or not the menu has 'Krab' on it or if they call it crab, even though it's that pressed mess that's not really crab.  I've been there once before and was pretty disappointed at the disconnect between the menu and the food that's brought to the table.  The california rolls are made with the pressed mackerel that's called crab - definitely not.  There's some kind of weird sauce they bring with the tempura - which seems to be made in panko batter instead of tempura batter - that tastes like apple cider vinegar.  What's worse, though, than the Krabb and the panko tempura is the sauce that seems to be drizzled on everything.  It's an over-done mix of what tastes like Chinese Five Spice and applesauce.  I know it's tough to find sushi in Glendale, but if you're hungry and in the shopping center where this place is, you're (sadly) better off going to Taco Bell.  The service is inattentive, the food is just not sushi, and the price is a little high for a place that serves unripe avocado in their rolls, and imitation crab in their rolls.
3	Been her just once and had a good experience !
2	Tried Tokyo Lobby last night - the rolls were good - the service was HORRIBLE.  The manager was very rude and the waitress forgot to deliver the appetizer.  The Sushi Chef (KC) was great though.  I'd always recommend our favorites for Sushi - Tomo and Nakama really can't compare to any west side Sushi spot  - and we've been too many places.  Sorry Tokyo Lobby - we won't be back.
1	I have no idea why everyone's so crazy about this place.  I was craving sushi and happened to spot the sign while driving down Bell so I dropped in for takeout.  Prices were average for sushi.  The restaurant looked nice, but while I stood in a corner waiting for my food, I noticed the area I was standing in had a very sticky floor.  Not very pleasant.I got a lunch special with chef's selection of nigiri and a spicy tuna roll.  I got home and opened the container to see my spicy tuna roll smothered with sauce.  I was kinda grossed out, but it turns out the sauce was necessary because the roll itself was the blandest I've ever hard.The nigiri were also terribly bland.  It was a chore to eat them, which is really sad considering I love sushi.  One of the nigiri pieces had fish on it that tasted extremely earthy, like dirt.  Ugh!
4	Had another wonderful dinner here late Friday evening and the place was packed, but service was prompt and everything we ordered was perfect.   My husband and I  had Monkey Brain appetizer which is deep fried mushrooms w/crab & spicy tuna; Hamachi Kama, grilled yellowtail "cheek" w/ponzu sauce and one of our favorites, a Playgirl Roll, fresh salmon, jalapeno & masago on spicy crab.  We eat here at least 2-3 times a month and have only been disappointed when they were out of something we ordered.  Tokyo Lobby is consistently a great Japanese retaurant.
4	The sushi was fresh and was seasoned under the fish and didn't fall apart when handling. The Bento Box C ($12.95) comes with miso soup and is large enough to feed an army. The chicken teriyaki was a little dry but not bad and was tasty. The spicy rolls weren't spicy unless you dipped them in sauce. The wasabi is green here and the ginger is white.This place is small but casual and comfortable.
5	Fast service, Great happy hour, get there early, it gets busy.  The wait is very much worth it.
5	The best sushi I have ever had.Always fresh and excellent service.
5	This place never disappoints. Amazing happy hour and all day $5 sake bombers.
5	I'm relatively new to sushi and I felt that this was a very welcoming environment for newcomers. My favorites, avocado and California rolls, were amazing and the new ones I tried, Las Vegas and Sex-on-the-beach were delicious. So glad I came here!
3	Descent lunch hour. Bento boxes offer the most food from the items on the lunch menu but if I were to go here again, I would have just ordered rolls from the happy hour menu. Friend ordered the beef teriyaki which was pretty boring and didn't have any vegetables. Descent option for a quick lunch. I hear Sakana is a better option for lunch.
5	Best sushi I've had in Phoenix area. We eat here frequently and  Have yet to be disappointed (but I've never ordered non sushi items like teriyaki or noodles). Food is great and the service is always prompt. Good happy hour specials too.
5	This is by far our favorite sushi place... we've been to many, but the value and freshness you receive here is outstanding. Plus, it's always fast, which we love! All we order are rolls and nothing we've tried is bad.
5	Yeah, thats a 5 star....I don't hand those out like candy....XDBest happy hour than any sushi place......AND $5 bombers with large sake.They will bring you cold sake if you ask for it. IMO its better because it doesn't warm up your beer.I go here on Fridays, probably once a month, maybe more. Went 3 weeks in a row when I first found it.Owners name is Kelvin, he is cooler than cool.... -273 degrees Celsius to be exact...XDHe will take a photo of your group with his shhhweet camera and pin it to the cork board if you ask him to.New happy hour menu is good  5 or 6 different $6 rolls.My favs are the eel and vegas. Look for me if you go on a friday, we'll be the loud group in the corner drinking sake bombers hahaha
2	This place is OK. When I first met my brother here, we were seated right away which is always nice, but i kinda felt rushed to order. We were given maybe 3 minutes to decide what we wanted. As soon as the lady came up we gave her our order and she grabs the menu out of my hand before I could ask her a question. Like she was in a rush..it wasn't even busy, which puzzled me a bit. Anyways, lets get down to the sushi..I for one am a big sushi snob. I know my sushi. From the freshness to the flavor, I know what's good and what isn't. We got our rolls and mackerel. Sadly, the rolls were small and covered in sauce. Not much fish in the rolls (disappointing.)..It was like the rice was choking the fish in the roll..too much of it.  The mackerel was very dry, and didn't really have flavor. Would I come back here?..most likely not. What attracted me to this place was the price, but it goes to show you, you really do get what you pay for. For you sushi lovers out there, I would look else where. This place didn't hit the spot for me.Kind of funny, I was viewing the photos from other yelpers and my sushi looked nothing like their photos. Maybe it was just a bad night. If my rolls looked like how theirs looked then i might consider going back..
4	Authentic sushi in Arizona, loved the spicy yellowtail roll, our friends liked the Vegas roll, and miso soup. 2 couples, total bill 80.00, 40 per couple and this wasn't their happy hour as it starts at 8pm.
5	Very good sushi. The place NEEDS to get bigger, coming here on a Friday or Saturday night is out of the question!!!!!!! Also, more rolls with fruit would be nice... like some kiwi and mango.... the one with tuna and pineapple SO GOOD. :)
5	Excellent yellowtail belly sushi, tempura and gyoza!!
5	If the outside of the building was nicer, I'd probably view this Japanese Restaurant as a a high end place.  Excellent service and even better sushi/food.  Best Japanese food in the PHX market.
5	How is does this place not have 5 stars?  Moving here from the Bay Area i was so afraid to try sushi.  I stumbled across this place with a friend after 6-7 months of living here.  I have not eaten sushi anywhere else for the last 7 years.  It is seriously that good!Favorite rolls, Playboy, Mexican and Scorpion.  If you feel like splurging go for the baby lobster.  Its DELICIOUS!
4	Excellent Happy Hour prices.  Sushi was fresh, service was fast.  Very busy place, I think the word is out about this place.  I have eaten Sushi at a lot of places here in Phoenix and this place is good.
3	Went in the recommendation from a friend. Very good sushi, however the service could have been better.
5	Fantastic place to eat.  The food is good and the happy hour really makes it affordable.  The staff is very friendly and remember you when you come back.  I have been to a ton of Sushi places this is one of my favorites.
3	Miso soup has a light flavor- I do like the fresh mushrooms and green  they added...I ordered the beef bento it came wih rice, soup, salad, 2 -4 piece sushi (8.95) rolls a my daughter ordered the dragon roll (10.95)... sushi was just ok, salad was good, beef was good nothing was great except the service. Our food came out extremely fast they we're friendly, and checked often on us.
5	My first time here was a bit of a difficult experience. Not caring much for fish nor sushi didn't help. After going with a group of friends and trying different rolls greatly improved my desire for sushi. Their spring rolls are very delicious, and my favorite suhi is the Spicy Tuna. Service is awesome, they will wait for a decision if you need it. Happy Hour is perfect and its wonderful that they are open on Sundays now.  Sex on the Beach and Orgasm rolls melt in your mouth if you like a little banana with your roll ;)
1	After the first bland meal I had here I swore I would never be back. However a friend had a birthday dinner here recently and so we went back. I stayed away from the strange and flavorless veggie roll that I had last time and this time ordered the  Agedashi Tofu and Vegetable Tempura while my husband ordered Bento box chicken B. The Agedashi Tofu was another flavorless item and the ice cold sauce they provided did little to add flavor. The Vegetable Tempura was the highlight of my meal but when items that are supposed to be hot are served with ice cold sauce it ends up being a strange and unwelcome marriage. My husband's chicken teriyaki also had minimal flavor and it seemed that the teriyaki sauce had been squirted on the accompanying vegetables afterwards as apposed being added to the chicken while cooking. The spicy tuna roll was so slathered in a sauce that my husband described as tasting like thousand island dressing that they were inedible. The best thing on his plate were the spring rolls and they were clearly taken out of a package (not made at the restaurant) and fried. The service also left much to be desired. When one of our party asked a question about a menu item the (older of the working waitresses) waitress replied "I don't know, I'm not eating it.".. So when our checks arrived and we found that our bills had been first added together and then separated as we had originally asked so that the 18% large bill gratuity would be added to each bill I was floored. I am all for tipping big when it is deserved but this service in no way deserved this amount of gratuity. Being a friend's birthday party I just went with it but next time, party or not, I will never be dragged to this poor service and tasteless food restaurant again.
5	I love this place. Sushi is awesome! The place is small and comfortable for me. Never a long wait to get your food. I have to say I am a big sushi fan, this place beats RA and Benihana. I moved to Tucson and I will come here every time I can.
5	We have been coming this place since the day 1 they open, great place, good food, fresh fish... I'm one island girl knows my seafood !!! This is awesome !
5	Another great dinner at Tokyo Lobby last night.  My husband loves Sweet Shrimp, where they push the whole shrimp body onto a skewer and deep fry the whole thing.  For some reason, they don't want to do that here, but last night he talked them into cooking half of it that way and the rest was served raw.  He said it was fantastic and really showed what good quality the shrimp were.  Our favorite sushi place!
1	UNSANITARY DISGUSTING, and DISAPPOINTING!!!!  The place starts out with the waitress bringing me a tall boy Kirin with my glass upside down on the bottle!! Wow this person put their nasty hand on the nasty bottle then just plopped on my table like it's some juke joint? REALLY??? then she points out that it's happy hour-- NOTHING HAPPY ABOUT THIS PLACE!! The chef instead of saying excuse me or seeeemasen just hands over the sushi plate and to get my attention he says HELLLOOOO!!!!??? What is up with the staff? Mediocre sushi but hey it gets better the when the last morsel of food enters my mouth the waitress brings the bill- i still and half a beer left. So then she paces the floor and gives us the stink eye like I should pay and leave rudest poeple I've seen ever -then she picks up the bill o one of her 15 passes by my table sees I haven't hurried and leaves it straight up right NEXT to me so I will pay right away??? Wow how rude!! I even asked her if she had ever been to Japan or knew the customs where they alway fill your bottle again at half way and no she did not care and well REALLY???DON'T WASTE MONEY HERE!!!! drive a few more blocks to 67th and bell and see how sushi and service is done. Instead of drinking your bottle of beer like you're at the curb.
4	I've been here several times and LOVE the Baby Lobster Roll. I've eaten a lot of sushi in my day having lived in Seattle and really enjoy this place. It's small and pretty quiet too. I've always had good service.
5	When it comes to sushi, this is where I go. I've tried plenty of establishments but this one is still my favorite. The pricing is fair and the food is even better. Many times sushi is priced very high and the sushi itself is not particularly outstanding. It's usually super packed and busy here, so it is usually loud and it is a small space if that bothers some people.The service is pretty straight forward, less smiles but very quick. The bathrooms are fantastic, high end, and gorgeous, and always clean and there are tv's which usually show sports. I've seen football, baseball, and basketball playing there. The dessert menu is as good as the food menu, they haven't missed anything. Try to come during their happy hour or reversed happy hour, crazy prices for amazing food, especially sushi! Let me put it this way, I have turned 4 people that said, "I don't like sushi" into "I love sushi!" after taking them here.
4	This is my to-go-to sushi spot. Great location on bell road. The place itself is pretty small and intimate which usually is what I tend to like. They have really cute patio...by cute I mean it has a little romantic vibe to it. Great place for a date night or just to hang out with the ladies. The food here is pretty good. My usual is the spicy tuna roll and Mexican roll with miso soup of course. They just changed their happy hour which is awesome because Monday-Thursday is happy hour all day! Now who wouldn't love that?!With all that being said, the only thing I wish they would work on is customer service. For some reason the last past 3 times I've been here I tend to feel rushed. Servers are polite but I feel like they just want me to hurry up and eat then leave right after. I hope this changes because I truly like this place and wouldn't want to go else where for sushi. Till next time Tokyo Lobby!
5	This is my go to spot for sushi in the west valley and with never ending happy hour, I make the trip often. So good!
2	One of the worst sushi joints I have been a patron of.Very crowded, noisy, rushed, and the sushi just isn't that good... bland, nothing special, doesn't even look good. No Wow factor here.on top of that, it's not a cheap spot to go to. $$-$$$ based on your mood. Stay away from Phili rolls here.
5	Excellent food. ..great price. .. specially during happy hour after 8:pm.   The Mexican roll is my favorite.
5	Favorite Sushi Spot. I come here every time I go back home to visit. They have a huge variety and I love their soup! Very Friendly and great for big groups and late night sushi.
4	Dear reviewers reading,I always read reviews on places I visit before I go especially if it's a place I never been to, my friend dragged me into this place I thought he been here before turns out he has not HA! So we walk in and it's a cute little place not huge to seat like a ton of people but just the right amount, we actually walked in at 4:47pm and they open at 5pm so we were embarrassed and they told us we could have a seat and wait but we were like no we will just go to shop around come back. It was funny but so embarrassing at the same time. We heard it gets packed really quick and then when 5:20ish rolled around we went in and we were the first people there the lady came got us drinks right away and we were greeted so kindly by the sushi chiefs. Right after we got our drinks like 3 other groups showed up and we started noticing the place fills up quick. A lot of people were reviewing on how they rush you and make you hurry but I did not experience any of that, I been to higher/expensive sushi restaurants that do rush and hurry you, but here everything seemed to be more calm and relaxed. Our waitress actually took her time with everything and not rushing us to order and giving us ample time to look around and ask questions. All in all it was a very cute and charming place, a lot of people said in other reviews that the food wasn't great, it was just normal not too over the top and not too under. Very normal and settling. I ordered Gyoza and Udon very delish both were. My friends order rainbow roll and miso soup with various rolls they enjoyed there food.
5	I lived in Arizona for 20 years and have eaten at the best restaurants this state has to offer..I recently relocated to Florida and the last place I had dinner as i was driving out of town was here... I asked my wife's dad if I could marry his daughter here. I have celebrated every birthday at TL in the last ten years. I would bring kelvin music and he would come hang with me in the Dj booth at mcduffys back in the day, and I would do my very best to get him not sober..we became friends over great food and music.. He and Jen serve some of the best sushi not just in Arizona but in the country... you may go fishing in other places looking for sushi but you'll always return to Tokyo Lobby..Baby lobster, orgasm roll, hamachi kama, monkey brains..Ah, you will be missed TL, you will be missed...
4	Mom and I hit this place for the tail end of happy hour.  Great choices of happy hour items and beverages.  We pigged out on sushi and appetizers. I had never had real wasabi before and it was served with my sashimi order.  The tempura was good and greasy. Typical selection. Looks like an ok place for quick affordable sushi options.
5	You don't understand, this is the GREATEST place ever! No need to look to other reviews! I have never been so surprised of how great the food is and keep coming back when I get a craving for their amazing Mexican roll, or the HOT Vegas roll, and lets not forgrt the delicious, and my personal favorite, Scorpion roll! You can never go wrong here! The best INEXPENSIVE sushi joint ever!
3	I love to come here for their sushi and happy hour.I especially enjoy their scorpion roll but so far all their sushi is good.The service seems to vary on our visits but otherwise its definitely our favorite stop for sushi.
5	As far as it goes, you can't find a better sushi "happy hour" in the valley. And by "happy hour" I mean almost all day every day (exception is Friday and Saturday 5:00 - 8:00 PM). Included in happy hour is a $5.00 Sake Bomb special. How can you beat that?! My husband and I can both get a drink, 2 rolls each and get out of there for $35.00. It is definitely our favorite cheap date place! Not only are the prices great, the food is awesome.  Due to the fact that this place has amazing food/prices/drinks/everything it can get super busy (it's not a very large restaurant) so you may want to call ahead if you are going with a group of 4+. They do have 2 large patio areas that are very pleasant to sit at when the weather is nice Two thumbs up all around!
5	Love this sushi place ate at sakanas for awhile but I will never go back this place is the best!!
2	Please read thru:Good Happy Hour, which is basically all night. I've been here many times. Good happy hour menu and price. I'm not an "expert" on sushi but to me, the HH food is good. I have never ordered anything from the regular menu. Why pay full price. New people, just a heads up....1) The servers will not mention to check the menu for their "Happy Hour" prices, which are all day. 2) Staff is not friendly. They go about their business, which is....keep bugging you till you order. Tonight was awful. We waited for our food for a long time. I asked a server about our food and he said there was a big party they were serving. The table next to us was getting their food (dessert) before us. We had ordered way before they did. I walked into the restaurant (we were sitting outside) to check out the "big party". There were only two other tables being served. Turns out...,this "Big Party" was next to us. Big Party (7 who had already eaten) trumps table of two. Server continued to ignore us. I give this place a 2star rating only because of the service tonight and the server being rude.
5	I love that it's happy hour most of the time.  Such a great deal!  Came in one time on a Friday night and there was a loud table having a good time.  We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef apologized on their behalf for them being so obnoxious, which I didn't mind since it was the weekend but I thought it was sweet of the sushi chef haha.
5	Best sushi in town for the price. Happy hour is a bargain. Patio is nice especially during this time of year (spring)...highly recommend this place!
5	The Baby Lobster and Las Vegas rolls are absolutely amazing! Great service and staff is always friendly. I have never had a bad experience here.
5	I don't know what people are talking about when they criticize the staff for being rude or the food for being 'bland' or 'tasteless.' I have been to this little sushi place twice and I've experienced nothing negative. In fact, I found the staff quite friendly and welcoming. The sushi chefs stop to enthusiastically greet each customer who walks through the door. Waitresses promptly seat you and take your drink order. I do find it a little weird that they only provide one menu per table, which might be logistically challenging if you have a large group of people. Maybe in that case they bring you two. So far that hasn't been an issue for me since I tend to order from the sushi menu a la carte. I found the sushi itself to be pretty darned good; not stellar, but pretty tasty. If I were to rate just the quality of the food, I'd give it a solid 7. They have a fairly decent assortment of specialty rolls, which is what I like in a sushi place. I prefer variety and creativity, over the norm. I hate sitting down to sushi only to find the menu selections to be the standard caterpillar, California and dragon rolls. Boooooooor-ing! To sum up my experience... The sushi was well prepared, tasty and fresh. The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. Prices are moderate. Overall, I'm happy! So, would I recommend this place? Absolutely! Will I come back? You betcha! Just save me a seat.
5	The best and tastiest sushi on the west side!  I've been to this place so far about 6 times and always around lunch hour during the week and weekends.  The husband hates anything fish and he loves this place for the atmosphere and the teriyaki chicken (which is delicious).  This is the only place the husband will gladly take me to indulge my sushi addiction.  First, they enthusiastically greet you on coming in and the waitresses/servers immediately take your drink order.  They are super nice and happy to help the most novice of eaters.  I may love sushi but have a hard time with chopsticks and while trying to use them for the millionth time, one of the servers laughed with me and handed me these training chopsticks.  Not only hysterical but they worked!  They are nice, welcoming and the food is so good it can't be described properly.  The sushi is extremely fresh, well cut and served at just the right temperature.  The sashimi is decent sized cuts of whatever fish served with a wonderful side of green relish.  They have a ton of variety of rolls from raw fish to deep fried.  Be patient with them as some may not have perfect English although they understand perfectly.  They are very very nice and seem to enjoy their customers.  The entire place is a little small with a couple outdoor patios cooled with misters and if you have to wait, it is more than worth it.  The prices are medium not being over the top and not being the cheapest though the food is to die for delicious cooked or not.  The servers are especially gracious with my own weirdness because I don't eat rice so I wind up eating the fish and the center of the roll then moving aside the rice/seaweed.  Even doing that, the servers are gracious and understanding.  Delicious, tasty and a relaxing atmosphere that will put anyone at ease.  No clue about the happy hour or other times so this is all about the lunch hour.  For a great lunch, try Tokyo Lobby!
5	I have been coming here with my family and friends for years. We started going when it was at the older location (located in the same plaza, but a much smaller place). I've been to a lot of places for sushi in town (I love the stuff) and must say this is my resting place in the valley. Basically, I like this place because it has some of the freshest fish (in my experience) in town. They don't have a bunch of crazy novelty rolls (although they do have some), but if you're into the fish, this is the place to go! Five stars for years of great food!
5	A friend and I stopped in for lunch.  The staff was friendly and attentive. We had mostly sashimi. Everything was fresh and very well prepared.  I would highly recommend!
3	You get what you pay for here, its cheap but there is a reason.  Don't expect to be blown away, but for its price range its good.
3	Be careful when ordering! Apparently, they put roe (fish eggs) on everything but don't specific whether it comes on it. I ordered sashimi and it came out with roe.
3	Happy hour is very good! The waitresses were very friendly.  The reason of taking 2 stars off was that the Asian man (hope he is not owner). He asked us whether we are ready to go while we were enjoying the dinner.  He put the check without saying anything. We felt we were NOT welcomed & rushed to get out!
2	I went for lunch, the specials were just okay. There was nothing special about their sushi and the customer service was terrible. We needed to flag the waitresses down just to get a drink refill. I haven't been back and since found much  better sushi places in terms of taste, service, and specials.
5	Anyone knocking Tokyo Lobby registers as a sushi novice, in my book. Service is bad...blah, blah, blah...sit at the bar and enjoy the best sushi(by far) on the west side. The Tuna Tataki & the "What the Heck" roll will change your life. Ignore the haters and enjoy. You're welcome!
4	After a photoshoot in Tempe my friends and I wanted some goooood sushi. We were headed to Glendale so decided to look up some places up there. We decided on Tokyo Lobby. TL was very easy to find; you enter the plaza and its right as you drive in. There is a small parking lot for this small sushi place. They have two patio areas. On the inside, they have a small set up of tables. They definitely had enough seating areas for groups of six or more so thats a plus for big groups. You get the traditional greeting as you walk in. The service was great! They were nice and quick. The sushi prices were reasonable. They were actually proper sized bites where you don't need to take two bites to finish the whole thing.  We ordered las vegas rolls, spicy tuna, scorpion roll, california roll, shrimp tempura, musashi roll, and fresh wasabi. I enjoyed the way they made their rolls and the quantity for the price. 8 rolls for about $6. Everyday is happy hour so they have rolls starting at $4. I will definitely come back to Tokyo Lobby!
4	The sushi here is pretty good for Az. We like the orgasm roll quite a lot. They have a Midwestern discount with i.d. which is nice. We have also never had a bad experience with the sashimi. Worth a try for sure.
4	I love Tokyo Lobby! Their happy hour is fantastic. The rolls are always fresh and delicious. I love sitting on the patio during the cooler months! ;)
2	We came here one last time because I am moving out of town soon. I wanted sushi from my favorite sushi place in the valley. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. I come here for the fresh fish, but tonight the fish was anything but fresh. Spongy hamachi, and fishy (not the good kind) salmon. (The CA rolls were still good). When we spoke to the owner he responded that his fish is always fresh. lol. Well, I guess it's good that we are moving as we'll need to find a new spot anyway.
5	Love this place! It is one of my favorite places for sushi. The staff, the food all great!
5	First off I have to say, when entering this place, I felt so welcomed!.All the chefs and waitress stop what they are doing to say "Hi" to you. Almost giving you that celebrity feeling. I kept hearing great things about this place and I wanted to give it a try.The place is a little far from where I am since I reside in Tucson and this is located in North Phoenix area, but heck, it was definitely worth the travels.I ordered several rolls that sounds delicious. Starting off with a Fiesta Roll, which was labelled as "Very Spicy", I was like lets see how spicy this is! It turns out the spice was pretty hot, definitely hotter than Siracha, which most sushi restaurants uses. I couldn't quite figure out what type of spice it was but it sure did have a kick. At the same time not only was it spicy it was delicious.The spice did not over power the flavor of the salmon and tuna. My second roll was the Baby Lobster roll which was just a mountain of eyegasm. There were rolls of salmon underneath a delicious sauce called "Dynamite Sauce". Ontop of that there were baby lobster tails sitting in the center. The rolls and the flavor all combined with the dynamite sauce was just amazing. It had a sweet like caramel taste to it. Just after these two rolls I felt pretty satisfied. Usually I am able to eat more than 2 rolls but they were filling. I will definitely be returning here whenever I'm in the sushi mood and up in Phoenix again. Oh and when you leave, they always all tell you "bye" as well just like you were entering!
5	top 5 in az hands down!
4	Definitely love the sushi here.  The quality of the rolls is amazing and the amount of rolls on the menu is impressive.  Staff are always on top of your order and there is almost never a wait for a table or the check.  My drink is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious.This place can get packed during lunch but I've never had to wait for a table, ever.  Highly recommended great sushi!
2	My family and I went to eat here last night, they welcomed us in which was cool, they took our drink order as soon as we sat down which was nice. We weren't quite ready to order when they brought us our drinks and after that it took like 10 mins for them to come back to take our order... Then when our food arrived it was wrong we had to flag someone down and when they came they got an attitude that it wasn't correct. We waited forever before someone came to refill our drinks, they come and go so quick you can't even get a word in. We waited 15 mins for our bill and another 10 to get our card and receipts back! It was in all fairness busy however that doesn't entitle them to ignore tables or rush in and out without asking if everything was ok. The food was good but not great... Nothing to shout about IMO. I was more disgusted by the rudeness and the lack of giving a crap on how they treated their customers! I had been here before during lunch and it was always good this was the first time I had been in there for dinner and sadly the last time I will ever be back! Customer Service is so important! You pay yes for the food but also for great service and perhaps it was just a bad night for them...  But honestly they were too busy running around and not being careful, we witnessed them dumping a tray of drinks on a female customer, the table next to us also had the wrong order.... So bad night indeed.
1	I don't have a lot to say about this place.Sushi was okay. They put way too much sauce on the rolls and the rolls themselves are monotone in taste. Nothing spectacular, but nothing utterly disgusting at the same time. Would I recommend this place? Probably not. There are better sushi place around the area.
5	Tokyo Lobby is always consistent with fresh, well prepared and plated sushi. The staff are always prompt and kind which is another reason this place is my favorite. I encourage everyone to try this joint at least once and experience the great time you'll have.
5	Warm and welcoming atmosphere, attentive service, and GREAT food. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. We will go back again. In fact, I regret not having visited sooner.
3	Mediocre.... That's all I can say about this place. Limited drink option, ok sushi, ok service and ok price. No wait on Saturday night, I guess that was good. They have reverse happy hour from 9 pm daily with pretty limited selection.
3	We used to love this place...two years ago.  Things have changed.  The last two times I've been there...everything was just so so.  They use the same sweet sauce on almost every roll.  My deep fried Ama Ebi heads were soggy.  The garnish for one of my plates was a piece of fake crab cut on an angle....$100 and everything "tastes the same" to quote my daughter.  So three stars for an MEH dinner.  I'd rather pay the about same & drive across town to get a 5 Star meal at YASU BISTRO in PV.  BEST SUSHI IN TOWN.
5	Everytime I come here I always get a warm greeting the second I walk in the door. I always thought the sushi was great but I don't really eat at any other sushi places. Well I finally had sushi somewhere else and instantly regretted it. Freshness was nothing compared to how it is here at toyko lobby. You can tell everyone here really works hard and take time in little details to make this such a great restraunt.Keep up the good work guys! I'll definitely be back soon!
1	Service here has changed, the past two times I've been its been a bad experience sad to say. Today they charged me 3.90 for a tea? What ??? Crazy expensive !They also cleared my table away as soon as I had the last bite, then handed me the check we were there for less than thirty minutes. Normally I wouldn't mind but my husband and I were having a date night and I felt very uncomfortable like we couldn't linger and talk. Also my roll was tiny and had very little fish.Last time I came I asked for a cucumber wrapped roll and they charged me an additional 3 dollars. I'm irritated we won't be back
5	The most creative sushi rolls you will find almost anywhere. Although Korean owned, this is my favorite sushi spot in Arizona. Try the Marilyn Monroe roll, unstoppable.
