4	Very different... Pasta. Pizza. Bar.We walked in and were very kindly greeted.  Then we were handed a menu and a card.  Ummm... okay.  The hostess then explained that you go to a personal chef station and he will put your order on the card, which you then bring back when you are done to check out.  Interesting...The space is huge.  Wide open and very airy with apparently 100 year old olive trees and herb plants in terra cotta pots scattered about.  The furniture is very mod yet natural feeling for the space as well.There are several lines form at the long kitchen and they are designated with their specialty (pizza, antipasta, salad, pasta) above on the chalkboard mural.To quote Tom Petty, "the waiting is the hardest part."  If you find yourself behind someone in the pasta line, as I did, you can expect to stand there for at least fifteen minutes.  But in the waiting, you realize that this isn't just someone with a vat of noodles and a big pot of sauce.You can see into a back room just passed the kitchen that they make all their pasta in house, which they put into serving size containers that they personal chef then cooks.  And you have your choice of pasta.I chose my sauce, sausage e verdure, to add to penne.  My friend has scampi e spinach with tagliatelle.  I thought it was neat that the pasta was put into an almost timed deep frier (only with boiling water) set up to cook.We were able to stand and converse as our food cooked, occassionally answering ingredient questions.  A little garlic, throw in some spice, et cetera.  Our personal chefs were personable and quite capable.This was gourmet pasta at its best.  The vegetables and sausage were delicious and the pasta was perfect.  Jen is a what I would consider a foodie, and we were both thoroughly impressed.  They also give you some delicious bread with oils on each of the tables.Getting drinks wasn't inherently clear as far as the process.  But they have a full bar at the front which looks well appointed and is surrounded by inviting lounge seating between the bar and kitchen.I will definitely be back when I have more time.  This would be an awesome spot for dinner before an uptown show or drinks after.
3	As this place just opened 3 days ago, i need to be a little easy.  The food was good, fresh.  Almost too fresh,   we waited 10 minutes for a drink to be made as the bartender had to cut the fruit.  Lines were long for food as well, the staff seemed unprepared.  They also take the self service too far.  A staff member came by and asked how things were and I asked for water and was told to go to the bar and get a glass then go to the water station.  I will come back next time I am in Charlotte to see if the bugs have been worked out
4	Such a great concept, get a card, go to a station to order your freshly prepared meal, drink, or dessert how you like it and swipe away! Every station has a swiping device for your card to capture your order so don't lose it. The bar area is very plush and sassy.......me like! I'm a little confused on whether you actually have a waiter/waitress since everything is basically do it yourself and you take your card to the counter to swipe and pay before leaving. I tried the bolognese on this visit and although it was not as fab as Vivace's version, it was pretty good. The pasta is made on-site but it didn't taste fresh to me....I'm just saying. It was good but I think it was just way too many noodles and not enough sauce and I was only able to eat half and took the other half with me and they have neat tupperware like 'to go' containers that are microwavable.....nice! I'll have to try pizza and dessert on my next visit.
3	recently dropped by the new Vapiano to grab a salad for lunch. Usually, I get the spinach salad with chicken ($9) at D&D across the hall from Vapiano or the the Grilled Tuna Asian salad ($9) from Arthur's. Both are large, hearty lunch salads that include lots of greens and protein. When I received the strawberry spinach salad from the kind person who made it, I opened it up to make sure there was something in there. Upon further inspection, the $3 extra I paid for chicken turned out to be seven dice-sized pieces on a bed of spinach with three strawberries, some pine nuts and four chunks of goat cheese. When checking out, I almost asked if I could return the salad for something less expensive when the total for just the salad was $14.98. Alas, I learned an expensive lesson that I should not return here for a salad. Perhaps I will try the pizza or pasta next time.
3	Checked this place out after going to Alegria the other night. From the street, it draws you in with it's fun outdoor patio (reminded me of NYC) and it's bright lights and red decor. When we entered we were given a warm greeting and then instructions on how this restaurant operates. The hostess/cashier said it was created after a "German" model. That was the first thing that struck me odd...if it's created after something German, why are they serving Italian? I'm sure Italian is more popular, but I could see it working with brats and beers just the same. We walked around with the "debit" cards, but found it feeling too cafeteria style for us. Plus, if the chefs/servers are waiting for us to order, there weren't any around when we were checking out desserts to sell us on one. Plus, if it's Italian, the desserts should be overwhelming and beautiful. Instead, they looked like basic pudding you'd find at a Furr's. We also curious about the menu...where was it? I got overwhelmed with the writing above each station, that perhaps that was it and I missed it? We left feeling like it had potential, but wasn't too customer service oriented. I see how others had the same feeling of a dorm cafeteria or something...that is the impression that has stuck with us. I'll give them stars for the decor, location, and olive tree in the middle, but not sure that we'll go back to try the food though since the prices are high and they make you work for it.
4	I was kind of stalking this place before it opened...I saw the "coming soon" sign for so long that I thought it changed it's mind about coming to CLT....then low and behold it opened. My thoughts:Customer Service: I had great service from when I approached the hostess stand to leaving the establishment. Very important in my book! Even the cooks (as you watched them prepare your food) were smiling and friendly. Food: You do have to pick up a tray and grab food (think cafeteria) but nothing about the food will take you back to your high school days. It's prepared on the spot and the pizza (surprise, surprise) I had was okay. Not the best I have had but not the worse either. Atmosphere: Great for lunch. It's huge and if the set up was any different it would look almost too big and uninviting. I would love to see what this place looks like at night. It is family friendly during the day--and would be a great place for a birthday celebration--esp. if you can grab one of the huge tables with a tree planted in the middle. I think this would be a nice date spot. My rating is an overall good one because of the customer service (fab) and atmosphere (not the same ole same ol) but I would like to go back and check out different food options.
5	I LOVE this new spot - not just cause it is right by my office and I am lazy but I truly do love the food and concept!  The interior is totally zen and chic and not what you would expect for essentially a cafeteria.  Picking up the card at the door was easy, getting in line and getting a pizza was a breeze.  Getting a fab table and a water from the bar was super easy.  Just loved it.  I got the Toscana pizza and it was huge for only $8.95.  I had to take half of iit home.  I can't wait to enjoy the outside tables!  Our group is going for happy hour soon because they have good beer specials and a sexy bar.  Love it!  Such a step-up from Harry and Jeans!
3	You can't help but want to try this place out... at least for me when I drove by a few weeks ago.  The vast open space in the middle of uptown Charlotte, a spanking new bar in front of an open window.  So yesterday I went to test this place out for a late casual lunch.I heard of the European Self-Service system, but it's still a bit confusing.  The hostess could have done a better job explaining, that's after I asked them about it (what happened to "have you been here before... let me explain how this work?").  Luckily on a late Sunday afternoon this place was virtually empty, so I didn't feel as bad for my cluelessness.  Basically you are given a card, which you swipe (think key card kinda swipe) before you order so they can keep track of your tab.  We decided to split an Americana pizza.  I was interested in a side of soup, which sadly they didn't have any.  What's worse is when I asked the Pizza guy about soup, the response was something similar to "I don't know, ask her."  When I asked "her" the salad lady, it took her quite a time to acknowledge my existance, only for her to tell me not only they didn't have soup, but because they didn't have the ingredients to make soup... interesting.Speaking of missing ingredients.  When we ordered my sangria at the bar, the bartender didn't have the basil... but he was gladly going to look for some in the kitchen.  I told him to just give me the $4 house white, but he forgot to change the order on the tab.  Basically it was quite choatic for a late Sunday afternoon, I can't imagine what it would be like during lunch rush!  (FYI, Captain & Coke is $8.50)Food was decent.  $9 pizza is big enough to share if no one is starving.  The pizza was definitely fresh, I wish there were more toppings.  I glanced through the pasta menu, and I am wanting to try it next time.  I can see why some people think it's not at all impressive, but I LOVE the space!  The red seating area by the bar, the clean simple lines of the furnitures, the openness, the high ceiling... all so causal yet chic.  For its location, I think this is a great affordable place to grab a quick bite and chit chat.  To sum it up, 2-star for service (very sad for a self-serve place), 3-star for food, 5-star for atmosphere!
4	Was uptown for a Festival and just so happened to walk past "Vapiano" and thought we would try it out since it looked cool from the Outside. When we walked in the Hostess informed us about the "Cards" that track everything you order, and that we just swipe it at the stations whenever u order something, and then when we are ready to leave we just bring it back to the Hostess to cash it out and pay. I have to say I quite enjoyed this concept. I guess in a way its kind of like a fancy Cafeteria, but I liked the whole concept. I ordered a Chicken Panini with side Salad and it hit the spot. The decor of the restaurant is cool and very zen with the Trees in the middle of the table. Will definitely be back to try it out again.... this place is great for lunch or for a cheap dinner.
2	As we walked into Vapiano, the hostess greeted us by saying we were preparing to dine "at the Mercedes of cafeterias."  Um... what?  On that note, we were told to seat ourselves, and that's about where the attention and service ended (even though we told the hostess this was our first time).  The basic concept is one of cafeteria-type stations: salad, pizza, pasta.  Each diner receives a tracking card to swipe at the chosen station once the order has been placed.  The menu is fairly large, so it's easy to find something to make everyone happy, but the extras and specialties are a bit hidden.  For example, I didn't realize I could add veggies to my marinara & mozzarella pasta until I overheard someone ordering next to me; additionally, only some people at my table were offered complimentary bread when they ordered.  Drinks were self-serve from the fountain machine in the back, but we had to ask one of the servers (who were few and far between) for glasses.  On the whole, the food was pretty good, but the level of service (or lack thereof) and total concept just didn't do anything for me.
1	After you get over the beautiful layout, you will fine that it's not all that.of a good night out. If you are with friends, you go up to lines (Salad, Pizza or Pasta) individually to order. If you want a salad and pizza, then that's two lines. Your guests are in other lines unless you want the same food. This mean the only time you socialize is while you are in line waiting to place an order. Needless to say, all the food does no come ready at the same time. So you and your guests may not eat together. Oh, you want a drink, that's ANOTHER line. You get it, you spend a lot of money to wait in line. This is NOT the american way. People want to be served and have dinner and drinks TOGETHER with friends not in phases. For the price, it's not worth the poor type of service.   AND the workers want tips will you are doing the serving. Hmmm  What gives!!
5	I am going against the grain .... This was one of the greatest  food experiences I can remember the pasta is fresh food cooked to order and excellent customer service. I'll be back and bringing friends too.
5	I was a little worried based on some of the initial reviews but I must say I like the concept at this place.  Yes, you don't technically have a waiter but they do have people that come by to clear bottles and plates.  Ordering your own food actually is a refreshing approach and I kind of like it.  The food here is cooked and made to order so it's fresh.  My biggest "like" about the place is the interior.  Super chic, trendy and candy for my eyes!  It's got a very large interior that affords larger groups the ability to sit together easily.  Also they have lounge areas where you can really kick back and stay a while with a cold beer and thin pizza.  I'll always prefer eating and drinking in a comfy chair/couch.  Major brownie points here from me :)  The outdoor seating is great too, but a bit small and the bench seating just isn't as appealing to me.
4	Great Surprise!  Found this place by accident last night.  I've read the reviews though never thought I would eat here.  We were walking by and I snapped a photo when one of the employees came outside and starting talking to us and almost pulled us in - BOLD move!  Already being very skeptical (very picky about food and VERY, VERY when it comes to Italian or Pizza and Pizza)... Though as I've heard it said and agree, "Fortune Favors the Bold" - I admire those who will take a chance and be a little pushy or at least assertive to see if they can influence a "Hard Sell" like me!  So the guy shows us around and tells us how it works.  We had already been to Ri Ra, though decided to look around and were probably going back to Ri Ra, just wanted to explore more first. The big part of the pitch was "fresh, fresh, fresh", prices were right and we stayed - We had a Salami Pizza and bread.  The food and cook service was very good.  Yes we will go back!  The food and price were big pluses for us, though I'm not sure of the overall concept, especially the card swiping card part, it was no problem for us (two on one card and my friend payed for everything - Thanks if you are reading this) I'm not sure how others will accept the concept and self serve part.  The last song was Annie Lennox (Eurythmics) "Sweet Dreams" though "Who's that Girl" would have been more suited to the situation!
1	This place looks very inviting, open, and trendy, but if you call a complete lack of process and service the "latest-greatest" thing, then this place is for you.  Too bad they put so much thought on the looks and not the functionality.  They give you some crazy card with a magnetic strip on it to track your food and drink purchases, but dont tell you that there is no table service.  After a stressful day of work, the last thing that I want is to have to get up every time I want some water, beer, or food and go wait in some idiotic line that is only being serviced by one bar tender during happy hour.  And good luck trying to get drinks for other people at your table and then trying to remember who's card is whos.  If and when you finally get a drink, then you have to go wait in line again to pay!!  Give me a break with that crap.  Good luck in finding people in Charlotte that want to "dine" like Europeans on a regular basis.  At least who ever takes over that spot in a few months when this place tanks won't have too much redecorating to do.
4	Nothing quite beats hand-made pasta. That's just a fact of life. And if that isn't enough to convince you of this establishment's legitimacy, then you'll be pleased to know that EVERYthing on the menu is hand-made. Of course, freshly prepared food at a fast casual restaurant is somewhat of a double-edged sword. Yes, food always tastes better when it's made in front of you and you can customize it any way you want (I'm always adding roasted tomatoes, mushrooms and garlic to all my pastas). However, there are still a few kinks this place needs to figure out before it achieves greatness. If you go at lunch time or the dinner rush, you could be waiting upward of 20 minutes for your order. Tip? Go one hr before or after 12 pm or 6 pm to ensure you get your food in a timely manner. The system is simple. You receive a nifty little "credit card" where every purchase/order you make from any of the line cooks gets electronically added to your line of credit, which is pretty much limitless. At the end of your meal they swipe your card for the total amount and you pay as you exit. Unfortunately that leaves the onous on the customer not to misplace that shizzle. The size 6 font on the back of the card will inform you that it can cost $50 to replace if lost :PWhat's particularly superlative about this place though is the FRESHNESS of ingredients. You can see the ripened juicy cherry tomatoes before they're sliced and put into your pomodoro, and the pieces of meat aren't pre-cooked, so they're tender when served. The pizzas are hand-tossed, with fresh basil growing in the back and homemade tomato sauce. Their oven also crisps the edges nicely. They even have other more authentic dishes like beef carpaccio and bruschetta, which are definitely worth ordering. Interestingly, you don't have to come here just to eat, you can also just chill at the bar, which has great happy hour specials, genuine and kind staff, and a diverse selection of premium liquors. Fresh tiramisu is on display in a glass cabinet :PI go here everyday and it's great to know a place that can cater to my Italian cravings and carb-heavy diet. Shout out to Sim and Maurice :)Don't forget the gummy bears on your way out!4/5
2	Considering how nicely decorated and *huge* Vapiano is, it has some major potential. I've seen reviews across the board and while I definitely gave Vapiano a fair shot, I was very underwhelmed. The Good: It really is a beautiful place with a gorgeous bar, low key dining tables with fresh potted herbs and a super convenient location if you live/work Uptown. The host and cooks were friendly and informative overall. I didn't have a problem with the swipe cards, although I kept a close eye on my own! The Meh: The prices were a tad bit high in my opinion, but I'd be fine with them if the quality matched the price tag. I'm not a huge fan of this concept, in general. If I am going to shell out $30 for pizza and salad, I'd at least like a bit of table service. The Bad: The food. Sorry. I didn't really enjoy anything that I ordered/tasted - details below. Also, I was a bit peeved when I couldn't get a tiramisu (stationed at the bar) to go. I understand they are made in rocks glasses, but please offer a bit of customer service and check if they can be made in a transportable vessel. I imagine they'd sell a ton more, too. -Pomodoro e mozzarella pizza: 2/5: Total snoozefest. The pizza was lukewarm, limp, a bit soggy and lacking in flavor. The mozzarella wasn't melted at all and there was zero crisp to the crust. Even the basil looked sad. I had to pile on the crushed red pepper and parmesan to get through it. -Side house salad: 1/5: Looks like bagged salad mix and the house dressing had a super funky aftertaste to it.-Side Caesar salad: 3/5: This broke my heart because the dressing, croutons, parm shards, and romaine had major potential. Taste was spot on, if a bit thick. However, my poor lettuce was positively drowning in dressing. The best part of my meal here? The gummy bears on the way out.
5	Love this restaurant.   Restaurant is a European style self serve cafeteria but in a very comfortable modern eatery.  Getting use to self serve aspect gets a little to get use to but the staff was very friendly and food was great.  I can't wait to eat here next time I'm uptown.
4	I ate there for the first time last week. VERY cool concept. Relatively casual dining and very fast. Lovely bar facing out to Tryon. You'll need a tray, so it's a cafeteria-style, with a twist. What I liked: They give you an e-card and menu at the door. Then, at the stations where you order your food, the cost is loaded onto your card and you pay at a central register. Speeds up ordering. Easy for separate checks, couples in a party of four or more or easy for one person to pick up the entire tab by grabbing all cards. Food was really good! LOVE the open "air" wall to Tryon Street. We sat on the patio in the middle of the Tryon Street sidewalk. Fun! Only minor complaint: I felt pressured to order fast (like on Seinfeld). Advice: hang back and decide what you want before stepping up to the counter to avoid that issue. Lots of stations, so look it all over first.
2	I had lunch here with a coworker who had been there before and recommended it.  Neat concept, explained by many other reviewers so I won't rehash it.The prices are reasonable, nothing over $9.95 on the menu unless you add extras.  I ordered the Verdure which has Roasted Eggplant, Zucchini, Red & Yellow Peppers,  Mozzarella Cheese, Pesto, Spinach.My coworker ordered Pasta, the Ravioli Ricotta e Spinaci which is Ravioli With Spinach And Ricotta Filling, Tomato Sauce.  His Pasta was made before my Panini, but only by a minute or two.  The Panini seemed a little on the small side, but was enough fill me up.  The house salad was nothing special.  Iceburg lettuce with shredded carrots and some tomatoes.  The didn't ask about dressing, so I am assuming there is only the house dressing which is an Italian. My Panini tasted OK, but it was not grilled long enough.  There were light brown grill marks on the bread and the veggies inside were cold to luke warm and the mozzarella wasn't melted at all.  I should have taken it back and had them grill it more, but since my coworker already had his meal I decided not to because he would probably be done with his meal by the time I got my sandwich re-grilled.I probably will give Vapiano's one more try and get the pasta or pizza next time to see it is better.  If you are heading here for a Panini, skip it and try somewhere else.
2	This place is unsettling. The decor is incredibly Asian-bistro, but the food is Italian. Also, the space is so incredibly huge, it feels like some sort of high school cafe mixed with a dance club....it's so strange! The whole "walk up to counter and order for yourself" thing wasn't too bad, but for an Italian restaurant, I tend to think comfortable, noisy, boisterous, homey, warm, inviting....Vapiano is none of those things. But anyway, onto what really matters, the food. I went with the Toscana pizza. It was perfectly meh. Hailing from Chicago, I guess I'm spoiled with pizza that makes my brain want to explode with every bite. Vapiano's pizza was pretty okay. As a pizza connoisseur, pretty okay doesn't really cut it for me....so Vapiano's really didn't cut it for me. I suppose it's worth a try though, just because it's so different.
4	This is the Ikea of italian food. An entire dinner with a cocktail for $14- awesome! The place is super modern looking with potted herbs as decor. I felt more like I was in a modern day cafeteria than a restaurant. I liked it - but perhaps dim the lights a tad in the evening. I started with a super/fresh delicious strawberry mojito. Since it took a few minutes to serve us, the bartender served us up a complimentary shot -which was a great touch. He was one of the friendliest bartenders I've come across in awhile. I went with pizza  for dinner- the salame, which was good not great. It tasted like regular peperoni  (not a favorite of mine) and needed a little more sauce. My friend had the bruschetta pizza which looked killer, so I'd get that next time. The portion was huge and at a little over $7 it was a steal! Some people do not like the cards, but I felt like it was great. They definitely passed the savings onto the diner without skimping on quality ingredients. I'll definitely be back!
4	It a nice spot to grab lunch, dinner. Solo or with someone. The Americano pizza is what I've gotten the last 2 times there. You are greeted at the door by a host. He/She will ask if you've been there before, if yes.. then a menu and a "pay card" is handed to you to proceed.If NOT... he/she will go through a brief info session (20sec or so) on how everything works. Go try it out.... the place is nice and roomy. Cheers
3	I am major wary of anything cafeteria-esque.  That may make me a brat, but the idea of too many people having access to the food I will eat just doesn't sit with me.  I had heard that Vapiano was self-serve and had some assumptions that it wouldn't be for me, but the super fantastic daily wine special drew me in (I think $3 glasses until 7pm or something lovely like that).The space is clean and nicely lit.  It definitely has a nice balance between modern and cozy.  You walk in and the hostess gives you a card, you pick a station (salad, pasta, pizza), tell the friendly people what you want, and it's made for you right there.  You just tap your card on the station and, viola! Good to go!I've tried the goat cheese pizza and orange and fennel salad...both delicious.  It's a European concept restaurant so no tipping necessary and the prices are very reasonable.  I left a major fan.
1	A friend and i decided to stop by Vapiano after watching "The Nutcracker" ballet. The interior is well designed with modern decor, creating a pretty trendy atmosphere. This is about the only good thing I can say about the place.The concept seemed interesting. When you walk in, you are greeted by the host that hands you a card (much like a credit card) and a menu. Once you decide what you want, you go to the appropriate station to order. It reminded me of being in elementary all over again, standing in cafeteria lines.Since the concept is new, I think it would make sense if there were some form of an info-graphic to inform customers on how the restaurant operates. During our visit, two other customers questioned us on how to order. Furthermore, we were not sure if we were suppose to wait for our food or if someone would bring it to us. Once we got the food (by the way, you go back up to get your food), it was a huge disappoint. It was so BLAND, absolutely flavorless! My friend got the Primavera Specialty Pasta, with added shrimp, and I got the Chicken Pesto Panini. Both dishes were flavorless. The pasta was basically boiled noodles with veggies. No spices. No sauces. No flavor. We had to ask the cook for some sauce (which was basically some form of tomato soup). My chicken was completely dry. We both added balsamic vinegar (A LOT) to our dishes to have.. oh what's it called... flavor! It was probably the worst "Italian" "food" I have ever had in my life.The food is very inexpensive for uptown, but it is also of very poor quality for uptown. Sorry, can't say that we will be coming back =/
3	I like the concept. These cook to order places have really gained some traction. Watch everything made fresh to order with or without a smile. Pizza's decent, the pasta is fresh and they even grow their own herbs. While the food surely isn't sit down quality, it does the job. Prices are a little bit high though, but hey I guess we're paying for the show.
3	How very trendy this place is. So basically you walk in and they give you a card to just scan at any station you're ordering from and then you get a pager and wait to be buzzed whenever it's ready. It's a neat if confusing concept.The problem I have with this place is that it's almost impossible to get the attention of one of the cooks making whatever you want to order. Really my friends and I were the only ones in line standing around for a good 3-4 minutes waiting to order a pizza. Which brings me to another point, the pizza here is nothing special to write home about. I jazzed it up with some of the herbs in the pots which I thought was a great idea(that's what they're there for right?), and a healthy dose of olive oil to liven it up. If I was paying regular prices for the pizza I would have said no sir, especially since you are pretty much doing everything but the cooking yourself! But seeing as they have a $5 special on pizza almost every day, I think it's just fine to pop in for a carb loaded snack before you set off to do something else in uptown.Cheap, quick, not easy to get rung up. Will come again for cheap pizza to pig out on.
4	This place get's 4 stars.Why?3 seems kind of Harsh... Things I like about it:It's great for lunch.The pasta is the thing to get - its made from scratch on premise.The price for the pasta (skipping the meat) is pretty good.It's actually pretty fast.Things I don't like:The pizza... It takes too long and its not worth the cost or the wait.The card system is a bit irritating.The way they make you wait in line.I would not recommend this place for dinner - unless its a weeknight and you know what you are buying.Some facts about me:I can't comment on the salad because I haven't tried it.I have been here 3 times. 1st i tried the Pizza - then I switched to the pasta and haven't looked back.I love home made pasta with any sort of fresh made from scratch sauce.Cheers!
4	Love this place, any time of day. Food is delish, just stay away from the desserts, always leave me wondering.
1	The people who gave this place good reviews either had one too many drink special or have no taste buds. This food is bland as all get out. A jar of sauce is preferable, at least then there might be some kind of seasoning and nothing undercooked. This place is the restaurant equivalent of Kraft cheese - yes, it's technically edible, but why would you want to when there are so many better options?
4	This place was just down the street from the Financial District; it looks fairly new and I am a little curious why it wasn't more crowded, but it was just 5:30 on a Friday night.  It seems like the downtown needs a shot in the arm, and I would suggest Vapiano as a great place to come down to start your evening.The pasta is build your own or select from the suggestions.  I had the tagliatelle with bolognese and a side caesar salad.  Everything was really tasty but I think I will order a little differently next time.  Not quite Calzone's but a good fast Italian.  They claim the pasta is made on site daily, and you can tell; the taste is much better and the pasta isn't slimy like packaged pasta.I liked the "credit card" style of paying for the meal and being able to go to the stations.  Real plates and flatware, and a very stylish (and large) interior seating area.
4	Let's be clear, this is a pizza chain. That being said the food was excellent. The pizza was fresh, thin crust Italian style. The insalata mista was delish and fresh. In fact they grow their own herbs right in the middle of the restaurant. A great place for lunch Uptown.
3	Imagine a modern-day spin on your traditional cafeteria and add a decidedly Italian take on the cuisine.  Now then, you've got the concept for Vapiano.  In fairness, the food is cooked or prepared to order and you do pay at the end by basically tabbing out on the credit card you are given upon entry.  But, you do end up standing in line during busier times and everything is basically self-serve- from drinks to re-orders.As mentioned by others, the space is quite open and expensive with chic modern lines and pops of color- from the red fabrics at the bar to the green herbs growing in small pots at both the tables and a middle display rack.  The high tables are nice, but I found the marble condiment and lamp holders cemented to the middle of the tables quite an impediment to speaking with your companions across the table or trying to share a plate.  My wife did, though, appreciate the purse hooks attached to the table sides.  On a weekend visit, the wife and I shared a roasted garlic pizza and an order of whole wheat spaghetti with arribiata sauce.  We both also had Cesar salads to start.  Salads were appropriately sized and priced for side items.  Lettuce was fresh and the croutons were plenty crunchy.  I'll agree that the Cesar dressing, while good, was a tad bit much for the portion served.  A little less would have been perfect.Pasta was cooked to perfection and I give them bonus points for the wholewheat offering, especially since it is all made in-house.  The arribiata sauce was spicy and our "cook" offered to customize it to our preference.  Maybe it was the season, but a little basil or extra parsley could be used to balance it out a bit more.  Parmesan was available upon request.  One order is enough to feed a single person, but not so large as to be shared by itself.  Pizza was certainly large and likely could have been a meal enough for us both with our side salads.  Crust was thin and had a good tooth, but not wafer crispy- I like that, personally.  Again, the roasted garlic and cheeses were fine, but a bit of basil could have made this guy shine.  Prices were certainly not cafeteria range, but not so high as to shock the conscience.  The pizza seemed perfectly priced at about $9.00.  Almost the same for pasta and sauce seemed a bit out of range.In all, this would be a fine place for a quick meal without all the formality of table service.  Certainly that has a nitch in uptown.  All the Italian standards are here, but, aside from a few pizzas, there is nothing new or creative here.  As the stars above say, it's A-OK.
4	When I looked this restaurant up on yelp, I was surprised that they only had 3 stars. I hope I can give people a different perspective on this restaurant.Upon entry, you are given a card and this card is basically your bill. I thought it was pretty neat, being able to self serve and getting whatever you want while charging this card (I found it very dangerous as you can easily rack your bill, just like a credit card, without knowing how much was ordered). At first, I was a little confused because I didn't really know how it worked, but I went to the bar got a drink and gave them the card.Inside, it was very decorative and lots of places to sit. I took a picture of one of the neat tables with the tree in the middle. It gave a feeling of zen within the restaurant. The surrounding tables are a little small, but its nothing to worry about because there are big tables as well. I can see how it could be busy during the day, but I went on a Friday night and there wasn't that many people. I ordered the Pasta Cognac which I believe was a special that night. It was pretty tasty, but I wished the portion was a little bit bigger. I believe that was my fault because I got the Linguini instead of the other style of pasta, and there were cheaper options with more food. They have a wok and they cook it right in front of you. They also give you free bread, so make sure to get some. Swipe your card and you're off to eat!I didn't get to try the pizza, however I did drink. Nice 3 long islands as well as a couple of shots for the birthday girl. And, major props to the bartender as he made my long islands pretty strong and tasty. They tend to put a lot of ice in them, so for the second and third one I told them not to put so much ice and a little more of the sour mix and coke.On an off topic, in the bathroom there are some awesome hand drying machines. And they have a schedule of the artists that come in every Thursday and Friday night that play live music. If you come, come on one of those nights to enjoy nice music to go along with your food and drink.
4	Go to happy hour here, $5 pizzas, enough said.  Right when you walk in you get a card, that card is used to purchase any food you want, it is pretty sweet.  This location is legit because when you walk in, you feel like you are going into the lounge area of a club, beautiful wood seating, high chairs, elegant chairs, high ceilings and some shrubbery.  Best part about the ambiance is the high ceilings, makes you feel like you have a lot of open air and space to think your best ideas.  As for the food, definitely think the hh $5 pizza is fantastic.  It is thin crust and flat pizza, so not overloaded on the toppings, and is great for one person.  Got the meat pizza on this occasion, and eating in this atmosphere was great.  Bottom-line, go in with a nice blazer and get the pizza.
2	Okay, so for ambience-  I gave this place stars.  BUT,  if this were just based on the food-  I would give no starts.  My husband is Italian and his father owned to traditional Italian restaurants in our home town.  That being said,  we still appreciate the modern twist to Italian too; however, this was neither.  They make their own pasta-  but it's is sticky, tastless and chewy.  It was aweful.  My husband and I both got pasta dishes and on both-  they cook forgot things that were supposed to be cooked into the pasta.  My huband got a spinach pasta,  the guy forgot to cook it in-  so his thought-  put the pasta from the plate back in the skillet,  add in the spinach and mix it around a couple of times.  Needless to say,  it was like cold raw spinach leaves with your hot pasta-- didn't really go.  The other thing-  no one is coming around and refilling drinks or taking your plates or bringing you your food-  so why would you have that massive clear box for tip money (right where the hostess is) when you go up to pay.  It just seemed tacky. You can't have it both ways-  either you are like a deli where you order at the counter and get your food- or have someone come around and at least refill your drinks, bus your tables (which was not done) and making sure everything is okay. I think this place has potential - but it just totally misses the mark.  The other thing-  if you want a drink-  you've go to go to the bar to order it,  then you have to go to this line for this,  then this line for that-  just doesnt make that much sense to me.
5	This place is super fun. It's like a "choose-your-own-adventure" book. The main difference is you're writing the story each time you dine there. You can go there with a big group, a friend you're catching up with, or just by yourself -- it doesn't matter. When you arrive at Vapiano's the hostess/cashier will give you a swipe card. It looks like a credit card or a room key at a hotel. You use this card to order food, grab a drink at the bar, and pay at the end of your experience. The first time I dined here, my impression of the place from beginning to end was constantly changing. I went from thinking this was a uber hip bar, to a super casual place to meet a friend ... to learning at the end of my experience that Vapiano's is a place where it can be can become a different experience every single time you visit. IT'S REALLY KIND OF COOL!There's no "wallet pressure" if you come with a big group to order a dish within the same price range because you pay for "ONLY" what you order. If you're feeling casual and want an individual margarita pizza with a side salad you can get that. AND, it's made for you right there-and-then on the spot. If you want a fancy pasta dish they have that as well. The sauces are yummy and the seating is fun. You can sit by the bar and take in the "hipster" vibe, or sit outside and soak in the small city skyline, or you can sit inside at a table with fresh herbs as a centerpiece.It's really just a fun, no pressure atmosphere, with a really great bonus which is --- REALLY GOOD FOOD. You'll actually crave it a few days or weeks later. AND, since you're paying only for what you've ordered, you choose if you break the bank during the meal or not. I say go to Vapiano's not just for the food, or great drinks at the bar ... but also for the fun experience you'll have each time you go there. I hope you enjoy your experience there as much as I have! Good luck on your Vapiano's adventure!
4	I have mixed feeling about Vapiano.  I had been to a different location in DC and really enjoyed it, but that might have been because I had my boyfriend wait in all the lines while I lounged, ha. We recently visited the Charlotte Uptown location using a Groupon.I really don't mind the concept of cafeteria style and using the swipe card to tally your bill. It's the waiting in line I loathe. So, it was probably a mistake to come here on a Friday night at 8pm... it was PACKED. I waited in line over 10 minutes just to order a salad. Okay, so not too crazy, but my boyfriend was in the pasta line ordering for both of us, it had to have been at least 25 minutes. I was pretty pissed at the restaurant at this point, having to wait by myself at our table.On a positive note, this atmosphere is super cool. I love the decor, chalk board art, trees, red accents. And even though the wait was extremely too long, the food was delish!  Pasta is made fresh daily. I ordered PESTO E SPINACI, very very good. My favorite however was the STRAWBERRY SPINACH SALAD. I'm all about the FCN salads (fruit, cheese, nut)! I highly recommend this salad to anyone! We ordered the BRUSCHETTA TRIO as an appetizer, very good. Super hearty bread, fresh tomatoes, and fresh shaved cheese. You definitely get a good deal for the quality of the food.I will come back here, but ONLY on a weekday. Props for vegetarian friendly food. Parking sucks, but that goes with anywhere uptown I guess.UPDATE: This place is sooooooo much better on a weekday or very early on the weekend. I love the quality and the freshness of the food. Holla!
5	5 stars! Going back! Great place definitely worth checking out! I first went to Vapiano's with my roommate and her mom on her visit here. My first impression was great- a sign outside the place announcing their special of $3.50 OMB drafts. Upon arrival the hostess greeted us with a big smile, asked if we had been there before and offered an explanation of how to swipe and dine! She gave us each our own cards to use, we grabbed up our own menus and headed to the table of our choice. Above the food stations there is a huge chalkboard with fun sayings and drawings- nice touch! My roommate loved that each table has its own herbs you can pick off and use to add to your meal. Cases holding the herbs double as decor in this updated interior space. I've been back several times since that first visit and have not been with anyone who has had a disappointing meal. Vapiano menu ranges in price from $3.95-$9.95! 5 main selections on the menu including: antipasti, insalate, pizza dela casa, pasta, and panini.  3/4 times I have visited, live acoustic guitar with great jams accompanied the already fun, inviting and laid back atmosphere. Yay Vapiano!
4	This place is great. It's a fabulous idea, but the self-service could be trouble if it was extremely crowded. When we were there there was some event and the bar was extremely crowded. Still, the food was very good and we enjoyed the experience. They have an excellent selection of food and drinks, which should satisfy anyone. We tried the spicy orange salad, which was fine for a salad, but nothing special. The carbonara and pizza were excellent, and the prices were unexpectedly cheap. Coo. atmosphere too. Deserts are pre-made, at the bar, and we tried the white chocolate mouse, which was very good. Overall a great experience and highly recommended. However, if you are in the mood for a relaxing meal, this might not be the right place. Ordering and picking up your own food might not be good if you've had a rough day. 3/22/12
2	After hearing buzz about this place for sometime, decided to finally pony up to the bar and see what the fuss was about!Walking into this place, you can tell it's ideally set up to handle the uptown lunch rush.  Plenty of space between the tables, is a great plus.  Even at the peak times, you can have a meal without being jostled and still be able to hear yourself think!This is where it went downhill.  First timers here will be confused when they are handed a card, menu and wished the best of luck.  Good thing I was lunching it with two veterans.  They showed me the ropes behind the self-service concept (I assume this was supposed to be the charge of the girl at the register, but she wasn't interested).  I ordered a special off the board.  It was billed as pasta with pan fried ham, french blue cheese, arugula, and garlic. What I got was a bit different.The chef started out by pan frying the ham.  All 4 little cubes of it.  Added the blue cheese (again, missed the portion of cheese I was supposed to get by a WIDE margin).  In what I can only assume was a little kitchen creative liberty, he then substituted spinach for the arugula (spinach = inferior greenery to the almighty arugula).  Finished off the pan sauce with not even enough of a ladle of cream to get the spinach wet!  That's OK though, because his plan all along, I guess, was to add the requisite moisture by not completely straining the pasta from the water before adding it to the pan.  End result was a bland, underseasoned bowl of pasta (and little else) sitting in water.  No bueno.  Accompanying this disappointment was bread (VERY good and fresh baked, actually) and a side salad which was served in a dish big enough to hold 4 pieces of lettuce and one crouton.  $20 out the door (whaaaaa?).  This place is like a hibachi grill.  You aren't paying for good food.  You're paying for the entertainment of cook to order and ambiance.  Except no one juggles knives in this place.  Luce still reigns supreme for Uptown Italian, both in quality and value, by a country mile.
4	Had heard about it around town but I didn't try it out until I made use of it's convenient location while on my way to a show at the Knight Theater. My sister and I were greeted and given the low down on how the place operates... A meal card gets you what you want from whatever station you go to. We were mainly there for drinks, service was nice, as were the wine specials. They carried OMB and fat tire, in addition to the usual suspects. My sister got the greek salad, pretty typical but good. We sat outside, which is always nice to have downtown on balmy nights. Nice picnic table style seating, so not tripping over chairs and tables. The ordering/paying process turned  out to be not as complicated as I thought. I was also amused to see how casual everyone was considering it was during dinner on Saturday. Like jogging shorts, t-shirt, and flip flops were being sported by both sexes. Definitely not an uptight dining destination.
3	Vapiano's is inconsistent.  Great food most of the time (Chicken Alfredo pasta and pizza are delicious most of the time - look for Pierre as he is the best chef I've had and always consistent), good prices, especially for Uptown Charlotte, large portion sizes.  When you leave, Gummy Bears are handed out - the unfortunate thing is for some reason they do not have gummy bears every day.  On one visit I asked a server why the gummy bears are so inconsistent and he replied "we just didn't have time to make them".  In my opinion, such a unique and great ending to a meal should not be overlooked - especially when the quality of food or attitudes of the servers can be so inconsistent.
3	I had actually passed by this place several times without any consideration before going with a group of my gal pals.  A rather large group (there were about 20 of us).  When I walked in the door I was pleasantly surprised.  The place is really contemporary and modern looking.  As a result I thought the prices would be a little on the high side but man I was I wrong.  As you enter you are given a card which keeps track of all that you order.  Instead of having to wait for a server to take your order you simply head over to your station of choice (pizza, pasta or salad) and place your order.  Be amazed as your food is prepared right before your very eyes.  You can order drinks from the bar or the food stations.  Once your food is ready you can take it back to your table and dive in.  I wasn't overwhelmed by the taste of my food but it's definitely some place that I would revisit.  The meal prices ranged from $7-$11 and for the portion size that I received it can't be beat.  This is also a great place for large groups.  Thanks to the order cards you never have to worry about splitting the bill.  Another great thing is that the evening I went there was live music.  A couple of my friends were even asked to join the musician in song and dance.  That made for a pretty entertaining few minutes.  Thankfully they didn't torture the other patrons for too long.So, if you're looking for a place to eat with a bunch of your friends and you're just looking to relax in an aesthetically cool, chill environment with cheap eats this is the place for you!
2	Food:Sandwiches are great! Pizzas are pretty good. Pasta is gummy and undercooked.Atmosphere:Fun, loud, casual.Service:Standing in lines is kind of fun and different and you get to watch your items as they are prepared. Self seating, self pick up of food.
2	Has potential to be much more than it is. Too much of a factory feel given how many people visit for lunch during weekdays - I wonder if they all like it or take it to be what good food is?I had the pesto basil pasta. Turned out very dry, not spicy despite the cook telling me that its spicy already when I asked her to add more green chilis. Reviews were pretty much the same across the table for the 6-7 of us who had lunch there.
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! I don't think I have ever enjoyed pasta this much in my whole life!The restaurant is spacious with a bar, outside seating, lounge area and food court style dining area. The design and very fresh and new, they have little plants and lamps on each table. My first time there was on a Thursday night around 8:30 and they had a live DJ. The restaurant has an interesting business model - each person is given a card to keep track of how much you spend and you just swipe your card at each station. Due to this, I thought each plate would be small and you just get multiple dishes and keep track on the card as you go. But it is not the case. There are many different kinds of pasta on the menu, so I just told the chef I would like a pasta with basil, garlic, tomato, and some chicken. The chef told me that it would be the tomato pasta, which was not the regular spaghetti sauce, but pasta with tomatoes, and he can add whatever ingredient I want, and I can choose one of their many pasta choices. The chef started cutting the tomatoes, Basil, garlic-- everything was made fresh, and he cooked it right in front of me! I was drooling as I watched him cook. The food was just amazing! The fresh-cut ingredients with home-made pasta cooked in olive oil, and the taste of basil, garlic and a touch of parmesan cheese on top that just melted your taste buds. The best part? it was only $7 for such a fine dish! It comes with homemade bread as well! I wasn't that impressed with the bread though. In the end, I was a happy customer and I would strongly recommend it!
3	Inconsistent, aggravated employees! I only get the insalata mista salad there and it is pretty good. I have decided not to order it with chicken since it cost $3 for literally 5 small chunks. The bar is cool and they have outdoor seating. I really like the concept, because it is hassel- free, but they need to work on retaining good employees to make sure their customers get the best possible experience.
3	(2.5/3) For first timers, this 'restaurant' is organized a lot like a high-tech, italian-only food court. Walk in and an employee will hand you a handy, dandy card which you use to swipe and accumulate expenses at various food stations (pasta, salad, antipasto, pizza, bar, dessert). It's convenient and not too crowded. Apparently the pasta is made fresh daily and they actually cook the dish in front of you--note, this significantly increases your wait time. I ordered the Pasta Vongole (one of the specials listed in front of the pasta station - $9.95). It was supposed to have white wine, clams, garlic, capers, and anchovies. However, upon closer inspection, my capers and anchovies must have vanished in thin air. The pasta is good, but the dish as a whole lacked flavor. LIke past reviewers, I also found my pasta dry (however, one of my friends had pasta that looked like it was sauced in soup). Serving sizes are huge though (considering how filling pasta can be). My friend who got the carbonara said the sauce was much too heavy but he really enjoyed his side caesar salad. "The anchovy flavor was great." I also got the trio of bruschetta ($4.50) and white chocolate mousse ($2.75) to go. Finally, I had some issues with the card they provided in that it charged me almost $10 more than it should have when I went to check out. Fortunately, the cashiers were understanding and removed the mysteriously appearing dishes from my check. Overall, I would give this place a second chance since the fresh-made pasta actually has a great texture and the employees are friendly. It's also a great alternative to fast food and traditional sit-down restaurants.
3	I don't love the card system that Vapiano uses; it can be a little confusing as to where you're supposed to order, and a few time there have been issues with the charges on my card (they'll charge me twice or forget to charge me). The atomosphere feels a little hectic since there are people trying to stay and eat there and a lot of people getting food to-go, and it's a mixed crowd because it's not a su[er nice restaurant, but it's clearly trying to attract a higher-end clientelle that will spend $ at the bar. The food is decent; I like that they make everything in front of you so you have control over how much of each ingredient goes into your dish. I wasn't ever blown away with the quality though, and my meals haven't been consistent (sometimes they drown my pasta in sauce and other times there hardly any toppings, which is why I started watching them make it and ask for more/less sauce/toppings). Overall, not too expensive, but not somewhere I'd want to sit-down to eat.
1	You can read the other reviews to understand how the service works (or doesn't work as the case may be..) Let me just give you my highlights:   Stood in line for 55 min for a bowl of pasta - you only get a beeper if your ordering pizza - the pasta was very good. But not worth standing in line for 55 min.   Went to the bar for a glass of wine - bartender's opening words were NOT "hi, what can I get you.." instead: "When you tip your bartendar, please put the money on the bar and not in the cannister. Tips in the cannister have to be shared with all the employees.."  Seriously. Really.  I then got served a warm glass of mediocre wine. Needless to say, no tipping took place.  Then had to wait in-line to pay the bill for this miserable experience.  Not a manager in sight. No one cared.  Me neither - won't go back.
4	Vapiano's is designed and laid out like a stylish European quick service restaurant. As you walk in you are handed a plastic charge card the size of a credit card. When you order the food, the price is added to the card and you pay for everything as you leave.Since everything is self service, tipping is not required, however, leaving a couple of dollars for the person cleaning tables never hurts.The food selection ranges from a wide variety of pasta (made fresh in house) with different meat, vegetable and sauce options to pizza, sandwiches and salads. All of the dishes are priced reasonably and the portion sizes are generous. The overall atmosphere is casual with decor that would not be out of place in a much more upscale restaurant. There are two reasons why Vapiano's did not receive a 5 star rating from me:The amount of meat, seafood, etc. that comes with most of the dishes tends to be on the small to miniscule side.The other proplem is the consistency of the food. Depending on the cook that prepares your order, your food may be over or under seasoned. The other night we ordered the Pesto E Spinaci and the "hint" of basil pesto ended up being a big heaping boat load of pesto.Overall the is a very good place to go if you are looking for good food at a fair price. As long as you don't mind getting your own food and drink refills you should be able to enjoy Vapiano's.
4	This place rocks! Delicious food for a great price and a nice atmosphere. Good for date night or a stop while you're bar hoping. Two thumbs up.
5	Very good pizza with a great atmosphere!
2	Went for dessert & drinks.  Bar service was a slow & desserts were meh.  Did like the location & that the front walls opened to the street, but that isn't enough to get me to go back. Too many other great options around the area to settle for meh.
3	Nice atmosphere and the way you order is different.  The pizza was good but I had some type of pasta dish that was excellent.  Can't wait to visit Charlotte again and try this place.
4	Love, Love, Love!! Fresh, Healthy and endless options! Now THIS IS HOW YOU RUN A RESTAURANT! Every time I go, it is clean, inviting, and smells like a garden is outside. Today I was served by Andrew Miller and he was excellent! Knowledgeable and entertaining. Helped me pronouce the pastas, described ingredients and sauces. I am thrilled and happy and can not wait to return.
3	MEH.I was first super excited to see that there was a Vapiano in downtown Charlotte having just discovered the one in downtown NYC.  The one in NYC is super chic, always busy, and urban with a downtown vibe.This one is downtown Charlotte is nice - modern interior & furniture with a patio, large bar and some nice lounge seating.  BUT it's a lot more open than the NYC location - no upstairs location, less tables, and less people - that's for sure.  You don't get the same busy popping vibe as you would in NYC.  But that's Charlotte for you - this location closes at midnight (MIDNIGHT people, the night doesn't even start until then) and the surrounding bars close around 2, so... what can you do.Also, I ordered the same exact item I ordered from NYC Vapiano at this location - a Bruschetta pizza - but I was severely disappointed with the Charlotte location's.  The chef just handed me a cheese pizza... with 4 pieces of basil on it.  Whaat?  That's not bruschetta.But I'm keeping an open mind and maybe sometime in the future, I'll drop by again and see if they can do any better.
4	My favorite Italian place to eat at in Charlotte.  The place is inviting and sexy.  I love the pizza, pasta and salad! Great for a date, enjoy with a group of friends or a night out with the girls.  I prefer to go mid-afternoon right before it gets busy for dinner.  Enjoy with your favorite wine, beer or soft drink!
4	Always good... No matter what we get... Cooks are great, desserts (cheesecake) with strawberries is the perfect end, outdoor seating on a busy street makes it all the more interesting.
3	Me and a local friend, recently visited Vapiano.  I was please with the atmosphere upon arriving.  There was plenty of seating available in an open indoor style courtyard and the food stations were available with view, to watch your meal be prepared before your eyes!  It's a neat concept, where you receive a card upon entry to swipe your orders. The card alleviates the hassle of a waiter or waitress.  We decided to go for the Pasta station.  I was already geared on having the Scampi E Spinaci with Linguine pasta. I must say it was fairly good.  I felt that the Pancetta could have been left out of my dish.  My friend had the Chicken Alfredo which was pretty bland.  Extra Parmesan please! made it suitable.  We did not order pizza because the pasta and homemade bread was very filling.  Overall, Vapiano is great to go out with friends or have a nice date night. The interiors are modern and chic.  I especially liked the olive trees planted at some of the tables. Warning!! if you are a dessert eater please pass up the pre-made desserts, they did not look appetizing. I will definitely return to try the pizza.
5	After a Segway tour uptown, we needed a place to grab a late lunch. After passing through Dean and Deluca, we saw Vapiano and decided to give it a shot. We were greeted upon entering by the host with a smile. He explained how the "card" system works. You take your Vapiano "credit card" to each station and use that every time you order something. On the way out, you pay it all at once. The interior of the restaurant is modern, with light colored wood, plants on each table, and a huge chalkboard with sayings.I got a chicken pesto panini, and must admit, a was surprised at how delicious it was. Sliced chicken, just the right amount of pesto, and a fantastic bread. It came with a side salad, which was very good as well. Perfectly dressed and yummy huge croutons.After we were done, an employee approached us, asked if we needed boxes, how our meal was, and if we needed anything else. Thumbs up. While waiting to pay, they have a jar of gummy bears, never seen that before, but what a great idea. Overall, Vapiano was a huge winner in my books. Friendly staff and delicious, quick food. I'll definitely be back. Kudos Vapiano!
4	If you want to eat the best Greek salad you have ever had, come to Vapiano.  I am not exaggerating, this is ridonculous.It may not be village style or traditional, but in addition to your standard kalamata olives (and plenty of them), feta, cucumbers, and finely diced onion, they have added CAPERS and pretty pretty dill. I believe it's the combination of the capers and the dressing that takes this salad to the next level.The dressing (which I asked for on the side) must be nectar of the gods. I don't know what's in it, but it took my day from 0 to 10 in the first bite. I can only imagine how french fries would taste dipped in the dressing, stop it just stop it now!I can't recommend any of the other items as I have not eaten anything else, but I will be back any time I'm craving a Greek salad (averaging once a week).
4	OK, so I've been here a few times since my first review, and it appears they have ironed out some kinks.  Food quality is much more consistent.  I also feel like the portions I've gotten the last few times have gotten better as well.  Good to see that they brought the quantity to be more in line with their prices!  Also, I believe their flatbread pizzas to be a MUCH better deal than their pastas/salads.  Very reasonable for the size and quality product that their pizzas obviously have.Still pricey, but it's decent food that's gotten ALOT better since my first trip.
4	I am sure the pizza/pasta is great, but I haven't been able to get past the Chicken Caesar Salad.... My favorite :)
4	A friend suggested Vapiano, and I was thrilled. Having never been, my 1st thought  upon arrival was what a great set-up, trendy and bright. The place was packed, so luckily I was with someone who had been and explained the layout. As one other yelper said it is comparable to food court, yet an upscale Italian food court. I chose the pizza/panini isle, still debating which one to go with. When I reached the counter, they suggested the pizza. I ordered the chicken pesto pizza and it was so good. Very large, definitely could have shared, but it had a great crust, fresh chicken and cheese, and the pesto was great!  My friend ordered the Greek salad, which she loved. I will say I saw a few pasta plates that looked great! I will be back. One thing I will point out, it was packed during the 11:30-1:30 lunch hour which can be tight or difficult for someone trying to grab a nice/quick lunch. I hope you all give it a try, a delight in uptown in my mind.
3	The food is yummy, but the self serve style and the personality of the employees leave a lot to be desired. There is only 1 salad station and it gets congested at lunch.
3	This is a place we stumbled across while looking for some food before the ACC Championship game. Everything was packed and this place looked big enough that we could still get a seat with a lot of people. I don't think we could have randomly wandered into a better place for what we were looking for that night. Got some pizza and drinks before walking to the stadium. The second time we went it was slightly less impressive. Everything was good (including the live band) except my pizza wasn't Vapiano's best effort that night. That said, it's right in the middle of the action, good for groups and relatively inexpensive.
4	Vapiano is like a beautiful little European import, (well, it IS a European concept)-- big on style, and big on being fresh and hip.  But like that BMW, you're going to have to contend with a lot of a certain kind of buyer, and pay a premium for those add-ons, like salad...er...I mean heated steering wheel.  Seriously though, this place serves a purpose: to serve the folks working in Uptown, so during lunch, it's like an adult cafeteria.  Long lines should be expected. Parking at peak times can also be a beast. But the food itself, I think is quite yummy. The pastas for example, are all made to order, and the chefs at each station (like the pizza or salad station) make everything fresh before your eyes.  There's something satisfactory about watching a chef (or, I guess more like line cook) assemble your meal, and add sauces and mix and chop. The place looks like an upscale cafeteria, and you'll definitely pay upscale cafeteria prices, that rival, let's say a Mama Ricotta's.  (I say MR's because it's Italian.)To those who aren't thrilled about the despondent looking workers...I'd say not all of them have that dull stare.  It depends on who you get.  So yeah, I like Vapiano.  Never do I crave it...but when in Uptown...for a solid pasta and salad meal, without the hubbub of sitting down, ordering and being served, this is the place.
3	Fell in love with this German concept in Mannheim. Whereas here you do not have to fight for your place in line to get your ready cooked pasta, salad, or pizza, the reward is good, but not always very good. The cook staff is kind and attentive but struggles to prepare consistent dishes  (or know/remember the ingredients). Deserts are great although recently shrunk in size. Still Vapiano is a solid standby when craving fresh pasta, Euro atmosphere, good bread, and rich deserts. Self seating is easy and convenient, especially with larger groups.
4	10:00 at night in Uptown and most of the restaurants are closed. We wanted someone inexpensive and easy, so as we walked past Vapiano and Yelped it, we decided to pop in.Interesting concept I've not seen before. Sort of cafeteria style in that you go and get your own food, but it's cooked right in front of you to order. When you order, they scan your RFID card and then when you leave, they tally up from that what you had to eat and drink. I would imagine that this place is a crazy madhouse during the lunch rush, but late in the evening, it was pretty quiet and peaceful.I let my wife hold down the table while I went and got two plates of pasta for us. Chicken alfredo and a meat-filled ravioli. As mentioned earlier, everything is made right to order and you can watch the guy mixing it up as he does it. You want more garlic, less tomatoes? Done.Oh, and the pasta? Yeah, they make all of that on site too so it's really fresh and not dried out like the stuff you might get in the store.It was excellent option for late dinner and we'll absolutely be back.Tip: Try the olive oil for dipping your bread. They've put red pepper flakes in it for a nice little zing.
3	Pizza was ah ok. Being a pizza-aficionado I guess I'm hard to please. Good lunch spot. Very popular. PIzza was too sparse. Very commercial. Ingredients were fresh, cheese not the best but a quick spot to grab lunch. Sort of a cafeteria feel.
4	I don't allow myself a pasta indulgence often, but when I do, I want Vapiano. I always get the same thing: Carbonara with onions, garlic, chili peppers and oven roasted tomatoes. So good! Pasta is fresh and cooked al dente. The chefs are happy to accommodate special requests. At $10 for lunch and for no service, it's not the cheapest lunch in uptown, but worth every penny.
4	Spaghetti carbonara is great. The concept of paying after you leave is interesting but I guess it helps keep things efficient/moving in the place, which you gotta respect.
4	I'm a big fan of Vapiano.  Although I think the food is just okay, I really like the actual look and location of the restaurant.  I also like how you just go up to the different stations and load your card with whatever dishes/drinks you want (although I don't like the fact that everyone that enters the door must have their own card, as it can get confusing).  Also, be sure to make sure your bill is right before paying.  During one visit, I had apparently picked up the wrong card and was being charged for 3 meals that weren't mine.
3	We and another couple tried this place out back in March. Better late than never for this review..:) Love the decor. We enjoyed the  live music the evening we went. They claimed to have bar specials, yet when I asked she mentioned just the one martini. Last I checked, specials= plural.. anyway our drinks were good, not great. Not a lot of variety.  This was our first time, so wished someone would have told us about the portions. We could have easily split a pasta entree&salad. Service was decent and the check-out cashiers could pick up the pace. We liked the vibe and would return--just not a regular spot for us.
5	Vapiano is one of my regular spots. Cool atmosphere and great food. I like the self-service model, the only downside is with groups as it is difficult to get everyone's food at the same time. The prices are very reasonable with most dishes under $10.
4	I have visited Vapiano on a few occasions now and each time I have really enjoyed the food.The inside has a really unique interior and always seems to be busy.The food quality is excellent,on my first visit I had a pizza which was awesome.On my second occasion I had a pasta dish which I really enjoyed along with the fresh bread which comes on the side.The prices at Vapiano are really excellent value most dishes are just under 10 dollars which is good value for money in my opinion.I highly recommend this establishment for people in the Uptown area looking for some quality pizza/pasta in a casual environment with great value for money.I will be back here again in the future for sure,looking forward to a pasta dish already!
4	Vapiano brings excitement and an overall new dining experience to the uptown Charlotte area.  I am constantly amazed at the sophistication that this restaurant has through its modern twist on both food and culture.  Two words that describe my experience?  Fresh and delicious.  Any and every meal at this place is quite tasty.  And with prices that aren't sky-rocketing high, Vapiano gives you more bang for your buck.Great place to kick back with friends or even for a quick lunch with co-workers during the week.  From salads to pizza to pasta, Vapiano has everything to cure your Italian food cravings!  Never a disappointment - try it out!
4	Food was great, atmosphere contemporary Eco-chic, comfortable. Fun, and different.
1	Despite other glowing reviews posted about this location, I cannot in good conscience give a good review.Vapiano is a European concept Italian restaurant with a hybrid operation - somewhere between a sit-down restaurant (but no wait staff), a cafeteria/buffet (lines at various food stations), and a fast foot place (counter service).  Vapiano straddles these distinctions with technology.  Each customer gets a "credit card" to track their purchases then pays upon leaving.  Maybe that works better for pizzas and large shared plates, but it is a bit awkward for couples and small groups.  And if you want something else (another drink, dessert, etc.), you have to go re-order at the appropriate counter.  Sort of awkward in my opinion.Vapiano's concept strongly emphasizes interior design - it even says so on their web page.  And while that is all well and good, two true tests of a restaurant are the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the environment.  Vapiano scores moderately well on the food (slightly better than average Italian), but falters significantly on cleanliness.After my food was prepared, I took the tray to a nearby table.  I placed the tray down and noticed there were very small winged insects crawling on the table.  Not sure what they were - really small termites or large aphids?  Bugs and food - not a good combination!  So I changed table two more times and still there were bugs on the tables.  Maybe they were there because of the plants in the restaurant?  I don't know, but since I already had my food, I chose the "least buggy" table and finished my meal as quickly as I could.  Guess it could be at least as buggy as sitting outside or having a picnic?  The moderate mid-week crowd that was there seemed to not notice this problem.The last table I selected was along the left-side of the restaurant, where there are long white drapes made of a sort of gauzy material.  The drapes hang down to almost table surface height and the tables are perpendicular to the windows.  Well, you can guess what comes next - looking at the drapes, you can easily see that they were absolutely filthy, stained by who-knows-how-many previous meals.  While pasta and marinara sauce can be a bit messy, whoever thought to put white drapes next to a table surface wasn't much of a designer.  A simple solution would have been to rotate the tables 90-degrees so they were parallel with the drapes - harder to stain that way.  Another good solution - replace the drapes with clean ones, or remove them altogether!As I left to pay, the hostess asked me how my meal was.  I mentioned the bugs and stains, but she seemed oblivious to this.  Had she heard it before?  Did she not care?  I paid and left.Insects and a dirty environment are a deadly combination for future success.  This location needs to get its act together - get rid of the tiny little buggers and clean the drapes.I give this Vapiano location 3 stars (average) for food, but ZERO stars for cleanliness.
4	Good fresh food! Not too expensive. Salads are fantastic! Try the spinach & strawberry salad.  It is huge so you can split it and share a nice pizza with a friend.  Never tried this chain before.  Will have to look for it again.
4	Love the idea and the execution of it at Vapiano's.  The concept fits well especially when dining in a larger group where everyone is on there own agenda..which is pretty much always!  It is a classy/casual atmosphere, slightly upscale feel. Great selection of nice-size personal pizza's and salad's.  I typically get the Insulata Mista and add chicken or steak on it and avocado, drives the price up a few bucks.  Worth it for a grown @ss man, makes for a healthy great meal.  Recently they shorted me big time on the amount of steak, however the cook made up for it.  She knew what she did. Great place in Uptown for casual food, good variety.
5	My favourite place. They have amazing food for great prices in an awesome atmosphere. I always recommend it to out-of-towners
4	Really unique spot. Vapiano has a real modern feel. I've only had the pasta dishes. They make the dish right in front of you and you can customize to fit your needs.  If you haven't experienced Vapiano's I recommend a visit.
2	Complicated set-up with zero service.  Chef was inflexible when asked if he could make something not specifically listed on limited menu.  Use of card to order everything was like being on a cruise ship. Food was average, pasta under cooked and pizza basic.  Italian food in a modern Asian decor?  Massive space with restrooms at far back.  Bartender was friendly.  Wonder if they will have the repeat dinner traffic to make it (was empty on a Tuesday night).  Points for originality but not my thing.
4	What a great spot for a business lunch with multiple agendas!  The open layout of Vapiano affords patrons the opportunity to intermingle without hesitation.  The atmosphere is light and bristling with a restrained temerity.  First timers will need to pay attention when they're greeted or they'll be lost.You'll get a card that places all your purchases on it.  You go where you want, get what you want, and pay at the front when you're ready to leave.  You're a big boy...you can do it.The food here is nice.  I've only had the pizza and salads and haven't been disappointed.  Every employee I've encountered had been more than helpful.My only advice to Vapiano would be concerning the pizza condiments at the end of the pizza counter.  A spoon and a container of crushed red pepper make for a difficult experience when putting red pepper on your pizza.  Overall, Vapiano is bustling, fragrant, and a comfortable experience.  Give it a try.  I know I'll be back.
4	I liked the pastas and the dynamics of the restaurant.
3	Unfortunately, the service has declined significantly in the last year. While I still like the food, the chefs are ridiculously slow, sometimes bad tempered and seemingly uncaring about the growing line waiting to order while they slowly stir and chat with each other. I have walked out numerous times after waiting an unreasonable amount of time. If it takes 10 minutes or more for them to cook your meal after you've ordered, it's really annoying to stand around for 20 minutes just waiting to order. Management needs to keep a closer eye on staffing as well as demeanor of the staff, as I know plenty of business people who won't go here because of these issues.  It doesn't seem reasonable for only one pasta chef station to be open with 5+ people in line waiting to order, and yet there are many other employees cleaning stations and prepping to leave. Despite those annoyances, the pasta is still amazing when I do decide to wait around for it. My standard order: carbonara with onion, garlic, Serrano peppers, sundried tomatoes and oven roasted tomatoes. It's amazing every time. I would come more often if management would resolve the problematic staffing or ordering issues.
4	for the money, this seems to be the best quality Italian I can find under $20 that I can get to go on the road. I had the spinach ravioli and asked for it spicy with extra red pepper flakes...wow, made to order, and on point! will go back next time Im in Charlotte.
5	Loved the atmosphere, the food was delicious and the cost is budget friendly!! Will be going back again!!
5	Loved this place!  Very original, trendy, fresh, and fun!  They even have gummy bears at the front!  We will certainly be back, there was a learning curve related to how to order and the little card they give you, but it's simple enough and actually quite brilliant.  Friendly staff, great food and good price.  Will return!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised how good my pasta was here.  Ordered penne with pink vodka sauce, chicken, and bacon.It was well made, and the house made penne was excellent.  Housemade dry pasta is rare for any restauant, especially mid price ones.  The penne had a depth and distinguishing flavor. Prices were very reasonable too , pasta cost $11.  Went back the next day for lunch and enjoyed my chicken pesto sandwich as well.I highly recommend!
3	Interesting and unique concept that makes you feel more like you're in Europe than the US. You have to go to the bar and chefs directly to get your food. Not my favorite but also nice if you just want to sit and talk for awhile without feeling obligated to keep spending money.  Our group of three had the shrimp scampi, the roasted garlic pizza and then ricotta and spinach ravioli. All of them were decent but definitely not spectacular. Id probably eat here again if i worked or lived in Uptown but for the few times each month that I'm there, there are other locations I prefer.
5	There is an inviting and relaxing atmosphere in general, restaurant managers are visible, personable and attentive to customers even in the midst of a large dining room area, bar conveniently stocked with choice liqueurs and a pleasant menu of specialty drinks, food menu is wonderful with options of pasta, pizza, panini and soup or salad (all customizable to customers taste). On the downside peak times of operation such as lunch and special events seem overwhelming leaving certain dishes such as pasta under prepared due to cooks being rush by long lines of anticipating diners, at times the traffic patterns inside the restaurant seem like a maze of blind mice. Although overall on any given night a great restaurant to dine, drink and enjoy!
5	My family LOVES Vapiano! The food is excellent and the card system is so nice because you don't have to wait for your check!
5	Great fast casual food. Friendly Staff.
3	Vapiano is so-so. I got a garlic something pizza last time and the amount of garlic on it was unbearable. I love garlic but it was way too much and the pizza was burnt. Usually though its a safe bet to go to Vapiano for a decent work break lunch for 10$ or less. I work across the street so its the closest option but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here. Its a cool concept and has a nice ambiance.
3	Picture this: Italian day at the college cafeteria of your choice. There you have Vapiano. Surprisingly, fresh pastas made to order are pretty dang yummy if not too inventive. I enjoyed the house-made sangria for $5.50 on a recent Saturday night. Other bar drinks were underwhelming. We had to request water from the bar- as there is no table service. This place is gorgeous - shared tables - so be aware. You can grab fresh herbs from the "garden" to add to your meal. I enjoyed the spicy shrimp, fennel and orange salad. Prices are fare and if I am in the area I would certainly stop by for a quick, fresh lunch. Not to mention: gummy bears by the check-out!
2	I've been here several times. I have zero problem with the food itself - in fact I crave the stuff. The issue is with staff. Both times I have had a dining partner and we have paid together as a couple. First visit we used two cards for our food and my partner was harassed on the way out for "not paying" so I had to show my receipt to remind them that I had paid for her meal. Trying to avoid humiliating my dining partner the next time I went, I politely declined the second card when I arrived and was chastised loudly with, "EVERYONE HAS to have an individual card". So as we leave... Guess what? "Ma'am. You have to pay". I'm done here. The chefs are slow, hard to understand (you're speaking over a counter in a crowded restaurant...stop murmuring), the service clearing tables is slow on busy nights, it's impossible to get help from wait staff to clear tables, and the hostess has accused me of theft for the last time.
5	Very excited about this place! Love the vibe, atmosphere, prices and especially the food!!! Amazing! & I love not having a server, no one to bug you;) great drink prices too! You can be casual or dress up for a night out! This place is great!
3	It's been awhile since I came here for an alumni lunch, but pretty memorable.FOOD:  I had the pesto panini and it was just okay.  They served it up on a plate but didn't look very appetizing.  Super plain plate, super plain panini.  My fellow alums were enjoying their pasta dishes and pizza.  Both looked ten times better than what I got.  I'll get the pasta next time.AMBIANCE:  Pretty hectic because of the way they set the place up.  Instead of really getting into it, I'll just leave it to the other Yelpers to describe it.  I suggest you read a couple of their reviews to get the lay of the land and how it works...or not, it's cafeteria style and you use a charge card they give you there.  Easy enough.  The place looks pretty clean with some green plants here and there and plenty of seating and lots of windows.SERVICE:  It's cafeteria style, did you get a server come up to you in fifth grade and ask if you want flat or sparkling water?  Did the lunch lady eloquently describe how the Sloppy Joe was prepped that morning?  There's no real service - I mean, there's a coupla hostess chicks and the person who took your order was nice and all, but I can't really grade them on service.I'll be back.  Avoid the panini, especially if you're with company that ordered pasta, salad, or pizza.  dmo out
4	All reviews are based on price point....Needed a long walk in the early evening to brush off the long, hard days in the office.  Ended up here because we have been eating large, expensive dinners and this place was a lunch choice on another visit and we enjoyed our food.A bowl of well made potatoe soup and a plate of pasta, shrimp, lemon, and spinach was the choices.  The soup was very good, hot, and pureed vs lumpy, sometime cheesy, potatoe soup. The pasta fish was very well made.  I was clear to the preparer that less dressing is nearly always better and she deftly made the sauce just to the right proportion.I am not sure if you can beat the prices in the downtown, make that uptown, area.Kinda Italian semi fast food that is well prepared.  A good combination!
1	My rating is 1 because 0 is not an option.This was my third trip to this Vapiano uptown Charlotte and will be my last.  Their people are rude and unwilling to serve you.I go to the pasta station. a colleague at the next pasta station orders the same thing I do with capers.  My guy tells me, "We don't have capers at this station."  I asked, "You don't have the same thing at each pasta station like this one beside you?".  He didn't respond.I left and told them I would not be back and that their people are rude.  I found out from my colleague he asked my guy why he told me they didn't have capers, he said "because they are down on the other end and I don't have time to get them".There was one person he was serving and no one behind me and after 1pm so was not crowded nor any reason he didn't have time.Sorry Vapiano, I will NOT return.
4	Solid lunch pick.  Very consistent.  I don't get here very often because of the calorie count, but I'd eat here once a week if I could.  If you are looking for fast but good Italian this is the spot.  The only problem is having to decide if I want pizza or pasta.  Can I just eat both?My daughter also loves this place and sometimes makes me go to Uptown just so we can go here.  I avoid Uptown at all costs outside of working hours, but I have to make an exception for her.
3	Interesting little space. The idea, however, is a lot better than the execution. It's almost like a cafeteria in that you can serve yourself. In case you forget to do that, you're pretty well out of luck, because service is a bit hit or miss.Luckily, the environs are awfully nice to look at, so you might be distracted enough not to notice.Perhaps one of the most annoying things about Vapiano is that there isn't a whole lot of service - from drink to food, just about everything is serve yourself, and there isn't really anything explaining that. So you walk in, see this great space right on Tryon Street, and... nada. No explanation of what you are supposed to do, nothing.If you should happen to want a drink, you can saunter up to the bar and you might be helped by someone. Or maybe not. It's that bit that's the most frustrating. If you actually get something, then all can be good, because it's quite decent. It's just the process that really screams for help.
2	What. a. bummer.Having ordered the underwhelming panini last time, I was kinda excited to try their pasta.  But that dish, as well, was meh.   I ordered the aglo e olio, which is a basic pasta dish.  Generally, it's spaghetti with garlic and olive oil, and one can dress it up a little with parsley, chili flakes, or whatever.  I rarely put anything else - especially, since I heard that their pasta is all made in-house.  Pure pasta and nothing to hide its integrity - yum... or not.I thought homeboy had whipped up my dish a little too quick, and that was the case.  The spaghetti was undercooked and clumped together.  There I was trying to talk shop with some folks, and my lunch was difficult to eat.  Instead of normal bites of pasta, or trying to be high-class/fancy/sophisticated and getting nice spoonful portions of spaghetti together, it looked like I was trying to eat golf divots - just massive clumps.  I gave up after awhile as it no longer looked nor tasted particularly appetizing.  Kinda relieved that our monthly lunch meetings are no longer going to be here.  It's for the best - some of us that order paninis get an alert thing so they can sit at the table and retrieve their panini when ready, while some of us have to stand at the pasta station until the food is ready.  Enough lost time that it's inconvenient when ordering different types of dishes.  For those reason, three stars becomes two stars. Vapiano, if you're looking for more stars, they might just be buried in that mess of a spaghetti dish!dmo out
4	Was in town for business and met some friends here for dinner. The food was delicious! I had a panini while others had pasta and pizza. Love the upscale cafeteria feel and the decent prices. Super cute concept and fresh food - wish we had one in CT!
4	Great for lunch or an early dinner, Vapiano is the lunch spot to beat in Uptown Charlotte.  Whenever me and my friends or coworkers don't know what mood we're in I suggest this restaurant.  Vapiano is fast, fresh, and interesting.  Their pasta is always made fresh and entrees are cooked in front of you to order.  The herb plants at each table add a little fun and freshness, although I have never tasted pasta from here that needed additional taste.Pros:-Fast service-Intriguing fast casual restaurant model-Nice decoration/storefront/ambiance Cons:-Smaller portions. -Despite the small portions the food here is dreadfully unhealthy.-Can be busy during peak hours.-Price is high considering the fast casual nature and cuisine.
1	Walking into the restaurant I was immediately in love with the atmosphere and the concept. Unfortunately, I was unable to order any food because I was immediately mocked and humiliated by the chefs at the food stations. Before leaving, I brought it to the managers attention who was apologetic but not phased by his employees unprofessional behavior. Still bummed and upset...
1	College cafeteria quality pasta and salads with self service and a surprisingly high price point. Pass
4	I don't know why this places gets low ratings, I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience at Vapiano!It is formatted just like everyone says- cafeteria style. You walk in to the "hostess/cashier" stand and she gives you a hotel key looking card, and you seat yourself. Perhaps around one of the live olive trees, or at a community table with miniature potted herbs. You then take your card with you to any of the stations (antipasti, salad, pasta, pizza, panini)  and tell the guy what you want off the menu. You can customize your meal to your desire, which is cool. With a swipe of your Vapiano card, you're off to your table with a pager to wait for your meal. They make their pasta and sauces in house, so you can count on the pasta tasting fresh and delicious. They also cook it up right in front of you, made to order.  I got the pasta funghi this time- cream sauce with a mix of various mushrooms, and added chicken and pancetta to it. It was absolutely delcious. Probably some of the best pasta I've eaten in Charlotte, no lie. And the portion is big enough for leftovers (which reheat just as well as they came out the first time). I also decided i would try the Greek salad- also good, I like that they add capers and dill sprigs to the salad. Salads come served with fresh bread, and there are bottles of EVOO and balsamic at your table for dipping. They have a full bar, featuring daily drink specials- Sunday being 1/2 price bottles of wine, which is just fine by me. You again tell the bartender what you want, swipe your card, and head back to your table with your beverages. This concept is great- affordable (like under $10 a plate), quick, and delicious. Loved the "upscale" ambiance- it fits quite nicely downtown.
2	Vapiano's is just okay. Given that I don't work uptown, and coming uptown and trying to find parking around lunch is as frustrating as it is, Vapiano's, would never be be where I choose to ever go.Anyways, been here twice. It is cafeteria style like all the other reviews mentioned and has a fun loungey but modern vibe. They, supposedly, and rather publicly, make their own pasta and grow all their herbs. Funny how they always seem to be pressing pasta and rolling herbs in the cart during lunch rush...speaking of lunch rush tables are hard to come by if you come right at noon. You are able to reserve them, though!The portions are good but it is a little on the expensive side for the quality. I do enjoy the bread (served hot!) and love that they have oil and vinegar on the table for dipping. I've gotten the caprese pizza and the turkey club panini and have been let me down both times. They just seem to skimp on the toppings and "extras" (see picture of turkey club with tiny bit of prosciutto). Lunch mate had maybe 4 olive slices on the whole damn pizza.They only have a few panini options and no bread choices. The pasta and pizza menus are pretty size able, though. The side salad, which come with the paninis, is iceberg lettuce and they will not ask your dressing option. Overall, like I said, this would never be somewhere I would choose to go given all the other many wonderful options in the area, but it's quick and they put on a pretty good show.
2	I love the food here when it is cooked correctly.  I work across the street from here and have been many times.    However they have some of the rudest employee's I have ever encountered at a restaurant.  It has taken multiple bad experiences for me to write this review.    You just never know what your experience will be and the employees have some type of anger toward the customers.  I have seen it on multiple visits.  One my last visit I went with a co-worker who walked out after being insulted by the cook.   It is really a shame.  I have many times visited the Vapianos restaurant in Reston Town Center in VA and never had this happen.
4	This place is very good for lunch in Charlotte. I have only tried the pastas but the food is made fresh and is well priced. The wait can be long at times but there are a lot of lines. A good fast casual restaurant to try in Charlotte.
2	As other Yelpers have mentioned, the staff need an attitude adjustment.  I mean who doesn't like cold pizza since you never rang our buzzer to come get it?  My bad!  The idea behind this restaurant has huge potential.  Too bad the staff has such attitude.
4	This place is kind of really awesome. We arrived right when they seemed to get busy for lunch but the place is huge so there is no need to worry about not getting a table. Upon entering, the host gave us a card and explained how the whole restaurant worked. You take your card up to the station you want (they are labeled) and order. From there, they scan your card and give you a little beeper to tell you when your food is ready. There are two bars, one at the front and one at the back where the same card concept applies. I ordered the bruschetta pizza and antipasti plate while the other people in my party ordered pasta carbonara and a chicken panini (can't remember exactly what kind). With your meal, they give you bread and there is oil and balsamic at the table. Overall, food was very good and I loved the atmosphere. The only issue I saw with the whole thing was that people could walk out without paying for their meal. I even asked the woman checking me out how they dealt with that and she didn't have an answer or solution to it yet. Definitely worth trying because it's pretty good Italian food that's fast!
5	I have to say my experience at vapiano is not always so great but whenever I get pasta Roberts always prepares my food wonderfully.  The restaurant is very nice,  the atmosphere is very upscale but its seems the employees are not too happy. Nonetheless my pasta being as good as it always is keeps me coming.
3	What I like about this restaurant is the ease of use with groups. Upon entering you get a card that you swipe when you order anything. Upon leaving, you present your card where your charges are all stored - and you pay either as a group or per person. Makes check splitting easy. I wasn't pleased with the pace though. I stood and waited for my pasta and salad for a good 10 minutes awkwardly at the 'bar/cooking area.' You order, they make one dish at a time, hand you your plate on the counter, and then the next person orders. Highly inefficient and for such a pretty place, it feels like a cafeteria. The food itself was fresh, but just okay. Not good for a date or business lunch, but good for groups or a casual meal.
4	My wife and I love the food this was a new experience for us. We had breakfast crapes . The food  was fresh . We sat outside it had a great environment. The other customers were warm and friendly everybody just was having an enjoyable Mother's Day meal.
5	Love this place! Fast service, awesome ambience and even better food! An awesome chain! Would eat here every time! Especially next to the olive tree inside
3	I am sadden by the downgrade of quality at this Vapianos. At first when this location opened, I was so excited. Over time, water cups got smaller, dessert portions got smaller, the quality of the pasta is not consistent, not even cooked the same depending on who is your chef. Honestly, I was a bit taken aback when I ordered the creme brulee and the barista poured sugar on top of my cream brulee and toasted it with a torch to make the sugar harden on top to create a crust, ehh...well anyway, I guess this is a very hands on kinda place so you won't find like a legit chef. But seriously, I am disappointed, because Vapianos has always been an all time favorite for me. And their bathrooms, needs serious attention, enough said. $7.95 is the cheapest option for pasta, panini and pizza, goes up top about $12.95. $2.95 is the cheapest for dessert, goes up to about $4.95. $5.50 for sangria.
4	3.75 Star Review (I'm an Engineer.....what can I say, I like precision!)  :-)Back for another run at Vapiano's, and another solid effort. The trick is to go early before the Banking crowd overruns the place.....so 1130 is ideal. I had the Americana Pizza, with marinara, fresh mozzerella, pepperoni and italian sausage, and I had them add onions and mushrooms. Neopolitan style, not "NY" style (with that cruddy foldable crust - EW) so it was nice and crispy on the edges and soff (mayble a little too soft) in the middle. Overall a nice lunch pizza. Decent size too.My buddy had their pasta carbonarra. THAT was delicious.....I deliberately did NOT order that because I wanted to avoid this (mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm) on my computer when my chin hit the keyboard! No "service" to speak of, except the folks who clean up. A solid lunch place for sure.
4	Great place for  lunch with your girl ,nice set up ,pasta  and crayfish  add shrimp  sausage& mushrooms  ( That's all me playa! )
4	Loved this! The pasta station took a lot longer than was ideal. Decor was great. Enjoyed self seating and the use of a card to choose items. Food was quite tasty.
2	It's a good concept, but poorly executed. I have been to Vapiano about 4 times and each time it gets worse. If you have haven't been before, when you walk in, it looks appealing and smells good. They hand you a blank credit card and you walk up to the food stations to order. Pizza station first, then the pasta stations. Then you take a seat and wait to pick up your food. When I went with my friend, she had never been before, she was utterly confused by the place, several people cut in front of her at the food stations, and she had to wait forever for her meal. When she got it, she said it was mediocre at best and she was never coming back with me. I have been during the work week lunch time crowd (go at 11:30am or the lines become unmanageable) and for the 5pm dinner. They do have a small outdoor seating area but don't bother as all you are doing is watching office workers go home!As for my meal, I got the pizza- it was an undercooked bland mess. Then I got the pasta, there is a difference between al dente and hard. This restaurant needs to spend the extra 3 minutes and make sure the food is cooked thoroughly. To Vapiano: either do table service or set it up cafeteria style, this in-between business is not working.
4	I love love LOVE the pasta! I would give Vapiano's 5 stars, last time I was in there, my friend and I ordered from 2 stations next to each other, and the guys who prepared his food gave him really poor service. I usually go to the same person if he's there (sorry I can't remember his name) and my pasta is perfect every time. I'll tend to agree with others that they're not the most friendly, but since I only have to deal with them to order my food and my food is DELICIOUS, I don't mind as much. I've never had the non-pasta options, so I'll have to review again when I try them.
5	This place is so cool. A refreshing, hip alternative to regular dining.  The food is made fresh & cooked right before your eyes.  The service is fast & all of the staff is professional as well as accommodating.  We went on a Saturday so there was a live cover band that was AWESOME!  I will definitely be back.
5	When I come to vapiano...im always pleased. Im not a big pasta fan but its something about the way Robert cooks my pasta that keeps me coming back for more. His cooking skills are great and his humor is the cherry in top. Vapiano has a great ambiance and me and my friends love to visit for drinks and music. I can definitely say as long as I can get Roberts great pastas, ill most definitely return for more than just drinks and music and bring more of my friends to experience the greatness.
4	After dining at Vapianos a few times, I have settled with four stars.  If you are looking for an Italian style lunch/dinner casual/business casual lounge than look no further.    With an elegant yet modern full service bar and 5-10 minute food service, Vapianos is the perfect hangout spot for a quick bite or for a few hours of conversation.Here you can find a decent selection of pasta combinations, as well as pizza, soup, salad, a bar, and dessert.  The food is excellent, but what really makes this place is the ambience.  The food is self-service or cafeteria style which is ideal when dining with a group of friends or family.  Each person receives a credit card that allows them to purchases drinks and food as they wish without the need for flagging down a server.  The average meal price ranges from 7.95-15.95, and the bar offers all that you would expect from a slightly upscale bar.  All pasta and dough used in the store is freshly made in the restaurant each day.  Some of the spices used in the dishes are also grown inside Vapiano.  You can find different herbs growing on each table in the restaurant.  This is one of the few places in charlotte you can find authentic Italian pizza and pasta and is going on my list of best places to dine in Charlotte.Vapianos is a neat place that is worth a try and is practical on any budget.  They even have German gummy bears available to all guests at the host station!Parking: -Vapianos does not validate or offer valet-street parking is available for two hours -plenty of garages around the area (avrg. price: 5-10$)
4	First noticed Vapianos in Europe and it was Love at first bite.  I enjoy thin crust pizza without a lot of sauce and this place definitely satisfied my need.  I was pleasantly surprised to see one in Charlotte. The Pasta is delicious and if you like to have people serve or wait on you,  skip this place but if you're looking for tasty pasta at a nice price with a good atmosphere definitely try it. Don't be intimidated by the self service system.  It's not rocket science. Take your card they give you when you come in to the station you prefer;  Pizza or Pasta and order. They have a small menu or you can create your own.  You scan your card as you place your order and take a buzzer which will go off when your food is done.  You pay on the way out by scanning the card again.  Done and full!
4	I didn't understand at 1st, but they give you a credit card tyke thing where you charge your food on it then pay on the way out. We had pizza and pasta and salad. Was normal but ambiance made it really cool!! We will be back for sure. Reminded me of NYC spots.
1	Hated it. I can see why some people liked it, but from the moment I walked in I was ready to leave.1) When I walked in I approached the hostess to ask about the party I was meeting. I didn't even get a chance to speak. She Shoved the card and menu in my face, said some things, and then moved on to the next person. 2) The card system- I don't like having to get up to go get my food. But even beyond that, I hand my card to the person behind the counter who swipes it then goes back to cooking. With all my germs and who knows what else from the floor and other people on his hands. Made me not want to eat.3) The food- I didn't like my food at all.  I had the verdure pizza, and it just wasn't good. There was very little cheese on it and there were too many large, heavy vegetables for the thin flimsy pizza slices.4) Layout- They had my party in the front of the restaurant, which meant we had to walk to the back for our food, and keep going to the far corner of the restaurant for our drinks. Inconvenient. They also had us at a table with stools, which was extremely inconvenient because the stools were so tall and many of us were so short.I won't be going back.
1	I have been  to Vapiano Charlotte several times and each experience has been one bad one after the next.My biggest issue is with the chefs they are disgusting they never wash their hands or change gloves and they touch raw meats and your pasta.eww gross! I prefer not to get ecoli with my chicken Alfredo thanks!  The foods  alright if you get a decent chef it's usually never consistent I'm guessing there's a high chef turnover.  The tables there aren't any cleaner as there's always dirty dishes or bugs crawling around I'm guessing cause of all the plants but hey if you want bugs in your food go ahead.the staff is rude and good luck trying to speak with a manager they never come to the phone .The young lady on the phone told me their not allowed to give them the phone they can only take messages.So as you can see they don't care about the customers.id prefer to take my money else where and bug free!!
4	I first visited here with some classmates for a quick evening drink. The concept of this restaurant is pretty unique; the drinks were good, the service was fairly fast, and I enjoyed the fact that the food is made fresh to order. Although I wasn't "wowed" by anything, it had to be good enough for me to return a second time (with my boyfriend) and a third time (with some co-workers). Each time was enjoyable--I opted for one of the pizza's on each trip and wasn't disappointed. My only gripe would be they should offer some different varieties of the toppings--just something to switch up a little.Other than, this is a great place to go downtown, although you'll want to get there early if you're going on Saturday; the place is shoulder-to-shoulder and you won't be able to get a seat for an hour or two, maybe longer.
5	One of my fave places to go to for lunch!  Lots of options to customize makes it easy to always try something new. If I could, I would be there every day! Love the Carbonara Pasta and the Greek Salad!
3	My friend called Vapiano's "the Ikea of Italian cuisine" and I think it sums it up pretty well. The space feels modern and clean; however the food feels very uninspired and with only decent taste and quality. I don't find Vapiano's very interesting in terms of food; they serve very run-of-the-mill pizza and pasta.  The biggest drawl is the 5-dollar pizza, which is affordable.
3	I was a little confused when I walked in because the hostess/cashier handed me a card and I had no idea what to do. The manager were nice to explain to me how the card works. It has a open kitchen ,it looks like they're cleaning so I just got a creme brulee from the dessert cooler at the bar, the bartender puts the sugar and torched it infront of me. It tastes ok for a $3 creme brulee it's like half the price compare to other places and the size is smaller too. But I think the bartender puts too much sugar on it because I had a thick layer of hard caramelized sugar. The concept is nice but sometimes I think some people might be lazy to get up to get their food/drinks. The ambiance is really modern and nice. I would say this place it's like a fancy cafeteria. I wanna try their pasta next time though!
2	For those unfamiliar with Vapiano, it's an international chain and their Charlotte location leaves a lot to be desired. The food is extremely greasy and poorly seasoned. Considering this is Charlotte, I was shocked that the staff there are so unfriendly.The management here could learn so much from the locations in DC. Also, is that styrofoam they're still using? Vapiano Charlotte, maybe consider those awesome containers being used in locations elsewhere? They're recyclable and pretty sweet.
5	So if you're in the mood for a good vibes atmosphere this is the spot.  From the welcoming greeting of the hostess.  To the great made to order chefs this is the right space for great food and atmosphere.   The decor is perfect for all foodies out for adventure.   Made to order delicious pasta or a fresh pizza.  Would highly recommend a visit for local and out of town foodies.  Created my own make me sweat pasta dish with out onions (allergic) yet the chef made it spicy and ooh so good to my taste buds.  Will return next weekend to treat the families taste buds and provide pictures of the final product. Oh yeah did I mention the cheat on your diet fresh baked bread :)
4	Not too shabby for a serve-yourself restaurant - you still feel as if you're in a nicer sit down restaurant even though they don't serve you are your table. It's also a good place to drop-in on a Friday night downtown and not be crowded. The ambiance and decor makes it fun to sit and talk. They even have a small herb garden growing that you can pick and add to your own dishes.The pasta spinacci e pesto (forgive the spelling) is always a good bet but look for the specials when you come in. A little spicy oil and balsamic goes great on the bread you get with your meal.
1	If I brought an Italian in here, they'd have a heart attack.  My pasta was so al dente, it crunched.
3	Food is okay, good on its best day. I've had the Greek salad- not impressed, but liked two different kinds of pasta. The thing I hate is their "system" I'm never standing in the right line. In fact the time I got a salad, I thought I was standing in an order line for pasta, but was in the pasta exit line. I hate having to navigate the tight tables with a tray of food, only to have to add a drink (like I needed more stress) to then have to carry that sliding, spilling mess to TRY to find a table. The funny thing about this is the number of "hostesses" standing at the front doing nothing, instead of helping customers figure out lines or seating.Bottom line, I never crave this food and it's just not worth the hassle.
3	We came back to try their food,where should I begin. We walked to the pasta section and one of the cook was like "someone would be right with you" um okay,we were still looking at the menu and when we ready to order another cook said" oh someone would've be right right you" hmmm ok finally the cook show up and was like " what you want" he looks like he does not wanna be there nor cook our food at all,he had a bad attitude and seems rude,my partner ordered the pasta delicata,I was gonna order something but after seeing his attitude I decided not to order I don't want someone who does not wanna be there cook my food. His pasta had too much sauce on the bottom it's almost like a noodle soup than a pasta dish,he had to ask for another bowl to drain the sauce. The pasta taste decent,not awesome but not awful. The beef was cooked perfectly tender. The bartender however was the total opposite of the cook that prepare our food, he was attentive and friendly. We would've never come back after the bad customer service at the kitchen but the bartender and the food save this place. Hopefully next time we won't get that rude cook to prepare our food again.Food- 3Kitchen service- 0Bar service- 4
3	Excellent value and food.
4	When I first walked into Vapiano, I was so confused.  It looks like an upscale restaurant but there aren't any waiters. There were hostesses but they don't seat you. You get a little card instead of a menu.  You wait in line to order your food and find your own seat, but the atmosphere definitely doesn't look like a food court. Once you figure it out, it's not too bad.  Grab a menu and go wait in the line you're interested in. Order your food and put your card on the little scanner, and boom. You're on your way to a delicious lunch.  The pasta line seemed to be the longest.  The basil pesto with campanelle was tasty but a tad oily. The bread helped get rid of that greasy feeling though. The pasta itself was cooked to perfection, as my campanelle was chewy and soft.  Water cups are at the bar! Vapiano seems to reserve tables too so if you're thinking of stopping by with a large group during the lunch rush, try to call ahead of time.
4	My son and I ate here twice while in Charlotte, we enjoyed the pizza both times.  Love the order concept of a vapiano card to hold your order at the different stations.  This is defiantly marketed to the younger generation of simple with a modern design. Will be sure to come again when back in Charlotte.
4	I've eaten at Vapiano a handful of times, and I'm glad that I'm writing this review now, rather than after my first meal here. I was underwhelmed at first by the concept and ambience - maybe I was having a bad day or maybe I wasn't quite open to taking in Vapiano for what it is. What it is: An upscaled a la carte dining experience where efficiency is a priority for a very reasonable price.And for that, I think Vapiano is great and holds a special place in my hungry-for-Italian heart. I really like that their "homemade" noodles have a bit of a chew and are generally always cooked to a consistency that I like. I tried their pappardelle with bolognese sauce once and I've been hooked ever since. You can customize your order by adding basil, mushrooms, jalapenos, etc. according to what you like. I also appreciate that you can come in without reservations on a Friday/Saturday night and know that you will be able to find a seat, even if it is sharing a table with a few other people. The only downside is you need to be prepared to speak loudly (kind of yell) in order to be heard by the pasta chefs sometimes, since they are in the midst of all the cooking sizzles. Last time, I asked for pappardelle and got tagliatelle instead. SAD FACE.
4	Great, simple self serve concept. Price/value is excellent. Pesto pasta with sausage is simple fresh and hit the mark. Salads are crisp and fresh. Service is attentive and friendly. Perfect when you want a relatively fast, fresh bite.
3	The concept around this restaurant is very cool and different.  The quality of the food is great and you get to watch the chefs prepare most dishes right in front of your while you wait.  Any of the pasta items are wonderful.The place is slammed during lunch.. go at 11:30 to avoid the rush if you're in a hurry.The reason this is 3 stars and not 4 or 5 stars.  It's ridiciulously overpriced.  You're going to pay $13, $14 or even $15 for a pasta lunch.  While the food is amazing, it's not really worth cost.
