4	For the large part, this is a locals casino. However, when the rodeo is in town (several times a year) this place is hustling and bustling with cowboys and cowgirls. I think its a pretty good place to play lower-limit craps and black jack. Also, the restaurants here are affordable and always have excellent specials.
3	This casino beats any of the tourist traps on the Strip. The buffet hereis just average but a good value considering the price. Go for lunch and you'll be stuffed for a little over $5.
2	The buffet is a great value! Most buffets in that same price range don't feature anything edible.
2	Okay... I have to be honest...I will never stay here ever again.  I dont even want to look at it.Work put me up here since I was in Vegas for a weekend just for business. As you walk into the hotel lobby you can smell the cheap cigars from the older men smoking and the air just was stained of cigarette fumes...I know this is an old casino, but update the ventilation.The ladies at the front who helped checked us in were so nice.  They were able to rearrange the rooms so that the team was close to one another.  The carpet in this mess, just gave me a headache looking at it, and the elevators were scarier than The Haunted Hotel ride at Disney.  The noises that came creaking in that thing were just not a good sign.  When we got to our floor I turned to the hallway leading to my room and I swear I had felt like Alice from Alice in Wonderland.  There's this part in the movie where she walks down this hallway and the hallway is getting smaller and smaller and then she reaches the door.  Yeah I felt like that.  Especially because the walls were canary yellow and the floors had that funky floral/ fleur de lis / I don't know what the fuck went wrong; look about them.I walked into my room and the first thing I noticed were the beds.  Yes I shared rooms with another co worker of mine, BUT damn...The last time I believe I slept in a double bed was when I had a double bed at my mother's house...These beds weren't the regular full sized beds that came in other hotel rooms...These were doubles...Somewhere in between a twin and a queen.The bathrooms, well I ask you this:  When's the last time you used a brownish tanish toilet and bath/shower?!  The rest of the room is standard, phone, coffeemaker, etc.  BUT DAMN the room had a nice 48 inch Phillips flat screen TV mounted on the wall.  I swear the nicest thing planted in the hotel.,We had room service as I was starved and ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, which to my surprise wasn't horrible, and the service was FAST!Can I just also say, I enjoyed the blaring fire alarms going off in the hotel rooms at 3 am the first night and then again at 6 am...and the following night at 1 am then at 3 am and 6 am.  I think it may be their standard walk up call!I forgot to mention the coupons they give you when staying at this hotel...In the coupon book there are four vouchers for Free Cocktails, of course we took advantage of that and got our selves the smallest cocktail drinks I have ever seen.  I believe my Cosmo may have come in one of those cordial glasses.  The coupon book also had a Free Scoop of ice cream and shit I couldn't pass that up!!!So I gotta give Gold Coast some love...Free Cocktails and some free ice cream, maybe I could forget how shitty the place really is........NOT
3	This long standing casino impresses with its staying power.  This place has been around for decades and continues to be a favorite for locals, tourists, and conventions and conventioneers alike.It's not anything spectacular, but it offers amenities like fine dining in the Cortez Room, a lively Bingo room, and an always bustling (and inexpensive) bowling alley.  There's Paul Masson on tap (hilarity!) and the clientele tend to be more in the AARP range than anything else.My friends and I come here for bowling a lot, and the lanes are some of the best in town.  It can get a bit rowdy at times, and people have been seen more than once being escorted in cuffs (when that happens, the whole place shuts down and no one can leave and go downstairs or come upstairs to enter) The Gold Coast also hosts the annual Viva Las Vegas convention which celebrates classic cars, rockabilly and swing and is a huge, huge event for that subculture. The youngins have their fun here, too.
5	Old crabby people who take bingo too seriously?  SCORE.  This and Sam's Town are the best places in town for a real, locals bingo experience.  Yes, bingo is generally played by the elderly.  But when you get free drinks with your score cards and cause a slight bit of ruckus which garners you evil stares, it's kinda worth the $11.  This place rules.  Go bowling afterwards, it's like a completely different land.
4	Highlights: sharpest and cleanest bowling alley I've ever been to with the cleanest bathrooms ever! Dryers ice cream parlor that gives extra big scoops; $5 craps tables and free lessons; accomodations that won't break the bank; $2 breakfast specials & $3 steak and egg breakfast in the early morningLowlights: accomodations that are simple with bad plumbing and rooms that are not quite smoke-free; off the strip - so cab rides can add up
3	Stayed here for free. Thanks Cinevegas!the ugly first:FIrst impressions: the lobby redefines loud, tacky, and smoky even by vegas standards. The air is unbreathable in this lobby, period. You could just walk through and your clothes will reek of smoke the rest of the day. The band is blaring their terrible music and the oldest, saddest, and shabbiest townie gamblers are all here. Then there are the endless corridors. from the elevator to our room was about a 600 yards of ugly emarld patterned carpet. I called it "The green mile". Reasons to overlook this ugliness:a) location, location, location: If you are planning to spend most of your time at the Palms but can't afford it or they're booked, this is hella convenient. It's right across the street so you can get drunk off your ass and stumble back to your room. However if you want to be on the MAIN strip, this is not your place. (google vegas casino map)b) We were pleasantly shocked that after FINALLY getting into the room it was spacious, clean, with a flat screen tv mounted on the wall and nice bathroom. Good bed.  But the coffemaker produced undrinkable brown water.....c) the little coupons they give you for a free ice cream, a free cocktail, some other stuff.....i love free stuff. And the 24 hour diner/coffee shop was pretty fun- we got a $5 graveyard special of steak &eggs (with hashbrowns and toast) that hit the spot at 3 am. If you wanna do kitchsy while you're here, this could be the place. d) gambling here is much less intimidating if you are a newbie....At the palms everything is going so fast and no one looks patient enough to tolerate your confusion. We wanted to put "$5 on red" entourage-style but at the Palms couldn't quite figure out how to just jump in....but Gold Coast it was much easier. Good "warm up" place for that sort of thing.
3	For 88 bucks (108 w tax) last Sat night, I slept in a great bed, in an air conditioned room and a huge plasma screen tv! Its Vegas, I spent something like 5 hours in the room. Why pay 300-400?  I was a bit worried about the smoky reviews, but the lobby was nice and oddly the only place in the room was the bathroom that started to smell like smoke (a bit). The coupons books they give out allow great drinks in the casino. Jameson irish coffee and grey goose martinis? no problem... The other great thing was that your 1 short mile off the best part of the strip!
5	Went here with 3 friends to experience a different kind of Vegas.........boy is it ever!  So fun!  $15 for an 1 1/2 hours of pure entertainment plus free drinks.  Totally worth it.  Hit the 9pm session and your adrenaline (keeping up w/numbers called is VERY stressful) will be pumping.  You'll be ready to hit the town after with loads of laughs already in the vault.  :)
3	I feel like a realtor writing this, but this hotel seriously rocks for its location.  It's right across the street from the Palms and the Rio.  Rooms are usually cheap here. You can typically score a room for under $100. It's an antithesis to your overpriced luxury resorts on the Strip, but it's not a dump either. The comfort level from the beds to the layout to the dcor is kind of blah. Whatever.  Who really stays in their room in Vegas anyways?Another bonus is the gigantic bowling alley onsite.  I came here with some friends who were staying there for a bowling tournament, and I've made this my place when I want a cheap, average room in Vegas.The shuttle service to Barbary Coast makes it super convenient to get to the Strip. I don't think they do that anymore, however. Aside from its location on Flamingo Road and the bowling alley, the Gold Coast kind of sucks.
3	Once I was a college student. A college student who loved Vegas but was never up (not even once!) whenever I was there. A college student who spent waaaay too much money in the city of sin that she didn't want to spend craploads more on a nice hotel.Enter Gold Coast Hotel. It's cheap. I think I spent a little more than a hundred bucks for a night here and I was definitely pleasantly surprised. You don't expect much when you see it - it looks a little old on first glance and when you walk through the lobby, it definitely doesn't have the glitz and glam that the larger hotels have. But, once you get into the room, you realize you get the best bang for your buck!The rooms are super nice considering what you paid for. We had two plush double beds, a flat screen TV and AC in our room. Honestly, what else do you really need for a weekend in Vegas? Not much.What totally sealed the deal for me is that it's right across the street from the Palms, which houses my favorite club of all time. So, you can party hard all night, walk across the street to the Gold Coast when it's over and done (if you can manage that is), and crash in a nice bed without having to pay the high costs of actually living in the Palms.Cheap. Nice rooms. Party all night long. What else do you need?
2	This is a review of the Gold Coast's coffee shop steak special.  You see it touted on some websites as one of the best in Las Vegas deals.  I think it is a decent belly stuffer but not a great deal for most people.  It is probably very popular because they keep A-1 steak sauce on the table unlike most places where you have to ask for it.This is the $10.95 16 oz. T-bone.  The salad is decent size and they put a lot of blue cheese dressing on the salad which included olives, a few slices of cucumbers and tomato.  The quality of the blue cheese dressing was pretty good with visible chunks of blue cheese.The steak was accompanied by 3 potato halves, 2 onion rings, 1 halved Texas Toast, a miller or bud (I forgot which one) baked beans and a lettuce garnish.Baked beans were okay--probably Heinz out of a can.  The 2 onion rings were more like garnish than a true side but actually pretty good-- one of the better onion rings.  The potatoes tasted like they were lightly fried with a crispy top but they could have been baked.  There was a slight fishy flavor but under the crust they tasted okay.The big disappointment was the steak. It is fairly thin, about 3/8 to 1/2 inch thick which means that it is difficult to get a medium rare type of consistency through it all.  Also, it had a fair amount of gristle.  I remember the last time I ate there I was pleasantly surprised by the value for the meal.  However, I've read that because steak prices have been going up that places are substituting Choice for Prime and even Select for Choice.  I think that Gold Coast may have done that here.You still get enough to eat because the toast is thick, the salad large and you have baked beans but they are all fillers.  The star of a steak dinner is the steak and I think it is worse than I remember.  If you want to fill up this is still a great deal.  If you have eaten here before when it was better, you may want to reconsider.
4	My wife and I were staying across the street at the Palms (attending a Bjork concert @ the Pearl, if you must know).  Normally we're more old school vegas types- the El Cortez is our favorite place to gamble (.25 cent roulette?) and we like to stay at the Golden Nugget), so naturally, when we had a spare moment we made our way across the street to the Gold Coast for a little of the old timey vegas.I should say- the Gold Coast has a great location- across the street from the Palms and next door to the Rio-- it would make a good place to stay if we were to go to another show at the Pearl.The atmosphere inside is very country- like- country music coming from the loud speakers.  Oh- and they have a 70(!) lane bowling alley on the second floor which is reviewed separately, but totatlly... awesome... 70 lanes.  Lots of cowboys stay here, which I thought was cool.  I would seriously consider staying here next time through, particularly since a room here is only a $100 at a room at the Palms is $300.  Why pay more?
5	old-timey gamblers, smoke filled air, lots of areas to gamble and no pretension  - won $150 here and would come back to play.Stay and the palms and play the gold coast or rather, stay and the golden nugget, play at the el cortez and bowl and the gold cost
5	Cheap rooms, free coupons, Cheap/good Food, fast shuttle service and close to the strip. what more can you ask for?!
3	I have now been to this hotel twice for 2 different events.First one..Pimp and Ho (such a lame event ....).Second one...Viva Las Vegas '08!The Ballroom was where the live music and dancing was held, I thought this room was definitely big enough and pretty well ventilated.  They did a great job hosting Viva Las Vegas, I am definitely coming back for this event!Would I stay here...........not in a million years!  Definitely had a WT theme going on.
3	Infested with old fat people, but they were bumping some 80's jams, so gotta give 3 stars.
1	Speaking only about their Ports of Call buffet here ...I generally don't write up restaurants on Yelp.  Unwitting strangers shouldn't be exposed to my highly questionable palate.  But this was probably the absolute worst meal I paid for in my life.  Say it with me:  Absolute Worst.  I can't hear you!  ABSOLUTE WORST.A few dishes were 99 Cent store quality - canned refried beans, spongy frozen pizza - and that was the better stuff!  The General Tso's chicken was sheer Good Year.  The salad bar had no leafy greens outside of that light dull lettuce.  Fruit choices were minimal too.  The apple I ate was a sour, tooth-resistant disaster - how do you mess up an APPLE, for crying out loud??There were some decent desserts.  This may be why they were kept behind glass, available only upon request.  Two nights earlier I had done dinner buffet at The Cannery; Gold Coast really ought to do the same and take a lesson.
4	This is the casino where I do most of my gambling.  It is great for a low-roller/cheapskate like me, who likes to play $5 blackjack and 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker.  They also have an inexpensive daily Texas Hold'Em poker tournament ($22 entry fee) and a Craps class that finally made me feel comfortable enough to play.  They also have a good selection of the latest slot machines.One note:  on my most recent visit, most of the blackjack tables had gone up from $5 to $10.  So the $5 blackjack may be on the way out.  Fortunately, just before we left town, we found the South Point has plenty of $5 blackjack, although the slot and video poker selection is not quite as good..The meals are likewise a good value.  The Cafe coffee shop offers good food at reasonable prices.  The Cortez Room offers nice prime rib dinners, also at very reasonable prices.  They also have an ice cream shop and a Seattle's Best Coffee.  The Chinese restaurant servers an authentic Dim Sum.  A hot dog stand by the sports book offers good, cheap hot dogs.  Cocktail service at the slot machines and poker tables is usually good.Another plus is the free musical entertainment provided by a jazz band in the main lounge.  Great to stop off and listen with some food from the hot dog stand or ice cream shop.Combine all this with a staff that is generally friendly and helpful, and you have a great place for casual, new, or low-roller gamblers to play.There were significant changes underway during my visit a few days ago.  The coffee shop and Cortez Room have been relocated across the casino.  A TGI Fridays is under construction.I haven't stayed in the hotel.  Last year, when I asked to see a room, I thought it looked small and old.  They are advertising that newly renovated rooms will be available July 1, 2008.
3	So, as part of a last minute vacation deal (travelocity.com), I booked my flight to Vegas from Chicago AND 3 nights in this hotel for a mere $331.  Considering flights were going for roughly $550, I thought this was a pretty awesome deal.  I wasn't expecting too much when I got here, though.  In fact, I was kinda scared.  Luckily, to my relief, this hotel is pretty nice!  My room was super clean and had a comfy bed and a huge flat screen.  It's located next to Rio and across from Palms.  It also offers free shuttles to The Orleans and other parts of the strip.  Pretty nice!  Upon check-in, guests are given 2 vouchers for a free buffet breakfast.  The ice cream place here is amazing.  I got a HUGE scoop for green tea ice cream for a mere $2.50.  On the Friday night, the blackjack and roulette tables were pretty full.  I was surprised.  However, after talking to some random man in the elevator, he told me that people who are 'so over' the Strip come to Gold Coast to avoid the crowds.  Not too bad!
4	Dang, I might not have stayed here if I'd read these YELPS.... hmmm, I had a great experience..... picture this....Hunie Bunnie and I get the news that baby girl has met this hot Marine on myspace and is running off to Vegas to get married.  Hunie Bunnie has this job where he can't much time off, so he only has enough time to fly with baby girl to Vegas to meet hot Marine and make sure he wasn't a stalker (yes, we had him checked out also). Then they decide to get married, on a weekday.  Now I don't fly, but I didn't have any choice.  Baby Girl can't go down the aisle without one of us.  So, I get Lady T to babysit me and we get 2 RT tix and 2 nights at the Gold Coast for less than $200.We arrive at the butt crack of dawn and check in.  I stop in the hallway right by the elevator, 'cause low and behold....... the spotlight was on my favorite machine....."Stinky Rich" I drop $100 and walk off with $500.....ok my trip is paid for and I have spending change.  I go upstairs and we are in a nice new renovated room.  The bathroom was teeny weeny, but hey, I wasn't looking for a spa treatment.The next morning we hit the casino while waiting for the loving couple to pick us up.  And momma found another "Stinky Rich."  After signing up for a membership card, I hit the machines.....$700 later, I caught up with the kids.Well, after I was through at the Gold Coast, all my expenses were paid and momma took baby girl to Jessica McClintock and bought her a nice designer wedding gown......booo yahh!  Then off to the MAC counter at Macys and make overs for the cost of some foundation and blush!  Snap, snap, snap. And after the nuptials, momma bought dinner for everyone at the Rio Buffet...... Personally, the Gold Coast worked for me.  I didn't end up spending a dime of my own money....and I"m still enjoying the residuals...... I'm invited to come back once a month, on the house!  And to think, I only dropped $100 of my own money, and I got all of it back!Oh, did you think I was in fantasy land.......this was real:http://www.leatherneck.com/forums/showthread.php?t=51005(sorry, the article with the pictures is gone)
3	So we headed to the Gold Coast because word on the street was that VP outnumbers slots here. Happy to say that rumor is true! So we'd been there about an hour with not much luck, listening to a group of gossipy blue hairs discussing in great detail that morning's uhhhh, movements, if you know what I mean.....yikes, big time. BJ was about ready to hurl / get the hell out of there, when he hit the Woo-Hoo Royal Flush! Was it worth it? Of course it was! Tip: Like many of the 'locals casinos' cabs out are somewhat scarce. Tip # 2: If you hang out at casinos just for the eye candy, this one is populated with outdated Zagnuts.
4	OK, I would never stay here.  But we came here at night and bowled then played dollar roulette- $100 kept us busy for over an hour.  Nice way to rile away a saturday night in vegas with a low douche factor.
4	I was looking for a deal on 3 nights in Vegas, but did not want to be far from the strip..The Gold Coast fit everything I was looking for. I got 3 nights for $43 TOTAL! That's right, $43! It was suppose to be $50+ because apparently the gold coast charges $3 per night for hotel fees or whatever fancy thing they call it.If you have your own transportation while in Vegas, this is very close to thes trip. It's right off Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd. It's right next to the Rio & the Palms. Even if you don't have your own vehicle, they offer FREE SHUTTLE service to the strip and their other Coast affiliated hotels (Sun Coast, The Orleans). Because it is really close to the strip, even just getting a taxi should be affordable. Bellagio is 1-2mins away by car. That is how close the Gold Coast is. The Vegas hotel/casino experience is not loss by staying at this hotel. Gold Coast is decently sized. So how are the rooms, the pictures already submitted on Yelp, give you an idea of how they regular rooms are. As soon as you walk in, the beds are there. I actually like the bathroom to be right when you enter, with the beds on the further end of the room. The toilet and shower/tub are the only thing enclosed. The sink/vanity is open. So if you are sharing with other people, prepare to bring your clothes in the small space where the toilet and tub/shower are unless you feel comfortable. Some might like this setup for those who take long showers, and you just want to use the sink. So very subjective here.We got 2 beds, which I believe were Full size. Room seemed clean enough, but move the bed forward, I uncovered a bunch of dust accumulating. So if you have allergies, watch out. It wasn't a problem for me, but for others it might be.  The beds were comfy enough, but many will say they have slept in better, including myself. The pictures that someone submitted here is what you get. No comforter! But the blankets provided were enough to keep us warm. The rest of the room was ok. For the price we paid, it as better than expected. The wall mounted LCD HDTV was a nice touch. However nothing was actually in high definition. So what was the point? I guess a lot of people are still suckers out there. Remember folks, an HDTV is not worth getting if you are only going to be displaying a crappy non-HD source. INTERNET ACCESS IS NOT INCLUDED. It is $12.99 for 24hours. Either wired or wireless. It was fast though. FASTER THAN HILTON HOTELS (Hampton Inn, Embassy Suites, Doubletree, etc). The Hilton hotels cap their speed per user. Here, they probably do as well, but not as low, because it was much faster.They have a huge bowling alley that is open 24hrs I believe. With happy hour where bowling is only $1 and $1 shoe rental. The rest of the hotel was fine. It is obviously not the Wynn, but if you are on a budget, yet still want some decency in the hotel you are staying at, I recommend the Gold Coast.
4	Ok so if you're in search of Bellagio like contemporary furnishing sand Wynn style archiectural details, the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino is definitely NOT where you should be looking. The night life doesn't resemble anything you'd see at the Palms for instance. Instead, this environment resembles more of the airport than anything else. Dark, crazy patterned carpet everywhere with slot/game tables nicely organized throughout the building. IMO This IS certainly the best value in Vegas. PERSONAL ACCT: We booked a Premier King Size NON-SMOKING room over New Year's Eve, and I must say the room was as Nice as this place can be. Modern stylings, nice bathroom/shower area, flat screen LCD mounted, Closet Box/Drawers, 2 floating night stands, Platform Bed, Modern Desk with 2 comfy chairs by the Windows and a Thermostat controlled Wall Unit, with elegant drapery. You can feel the carpet is new. You can tell they remodeled the rooms as cheaply as possible without sacrificing the look of them. Also, there's a TGI Fridays on the grounds, a Buffet (of course), a Bar area equipped with table-top games, and other treats (gift shops, ice cream parlor, chinese restaurant). I almost FORGOT...the Free Shuttle service to and from the Strip every 5-12 minutes was a life-saver...very convenient.
4	A little peace outside of the strip for both you and your wallet.  Gold Coast is located next to the Rio and across from the Palms.  We visited over New Year's and stayed in one of their newly renovated Premium King Suites.  Walking in, you'll find the Casino at the entry and lodging in the back.  The Casino is a bit old school, smoky as most with an older crowd.  As for lodging, the rooms are nicely renovated....but nothing too glitzy.  Maybe this is a norm in Vegas, but I was shocked to find that they stopped putting comforters on their beds!  Thankfully, the service is good and they brought extra blankets to the room when I requested.   They also have security checking room cards before anyone is allowed to enter the lodging area. The Gold Coast shuttle is free and is a definite life-saver as the walk from Gold Coast to the Strip seems long, especially when you're doing most of your daily walking up and down the strip.  They pick-up and drop-off guests at Bill's (center of the strip) until midnight and starting at 6am, I believe.  The Deuce ($1.25 per person) also stops across the street near the Palms if you're looking for transportation that takes you a little further down the road.  The indoor convenience/liquor store comes in handy, especially when you want some good water (Vegas water pales in comparison to our water here in Oregon).  Steer clear of T.G.I. Fridays unless you absolutely need food and drinks from them.  Our service at T.G.I. Fridays (inside the Gold Coast) was the worst.  Our waiter was difficult; he seemed to be a bit confrontational when ordering.  When I received my drink, there was something floating in it... my appetite was faded by that point.As for the casino, it seems like every other casino to me, but they say Gold Coast is a local favorite.   If you're not looking for a constant party on the strip and a place to stay that saves you a little money without all the extravagant glitz, I would definitely recommend Gold Coast for your next (or first) stay in Vegas.
3	This place is A OK if you want to gamble. They do have Vienna hot dogs for 1 buck and a quarter. Comes with Kraut and relish if that is what you like. I got into a massive argument with some cocky gambler. I also met some cool dudes here at the same time. Yeah it was just fun and games for me here. The good thing about this place is that they have a five dollar minimum for bets. The people here are more blue collar and the working class types. It is more a a sullen mood here. I come here to bet on the NBA as they do not take NBA games across the street since the owners of the Palms also own the Sacramento Kings. I guess it is against some NBA regulations. On Certain days they open up this big room and they sell hot wings, pizza and burgers something like that. Whatever it is the prices are reasonable. This place is definitely second rate.
4	I've stayed on the strip and that was all well and good, but if you want to get a little peace and quiet, this is the place to stay! Plus it's cheap and the table limits are low!As others have said, it's across the street from the Rio and the Palms. You want hot, hip nightlife, go to the Palms. You want an awesome buffet, head over to the Rio. But if you want low limits, stay at the Gold Coast!We visited here in February of '07 as part of a scooter rally. We checked in with ease, got a really comfortable renovated room and hit the tables. The blackjack kicked my ass (as it almost always does) but the slots were friendly. As were the dealers and the bartenders! Speaking of which, the boot drinks rock!The shuttle to the strip was hit or miss. It seems that it wasn't running as regularly as the front desk said it would, so we headed over to the Rio and took their shuttle to Caeser's Palace and then grabbed the Gold Coast shuttle back. It's so easy to get around via shuttle that cabs are totally not necessary.The fitness center is a little sparse, but seeing as I wasn't really in Vegas to workout, I didn't mind. Besides, you have a nice view of the pool and there's a tv if you want to watch that!Unfortunately, this year's rally is at another hotel, so we probably won't be back *this year*. But I bet that if we head back to Vegas in the future, we'll stay at the GC again! PS: We had an awesome prime rib dinner at the GC for only $14.00 at The Cortez Room. It was one of the best meals I ate that weekend!
4	Comp room for Chinese New Year weekend?  $50 in slot or table games play?  $50 food and beverage comp a day for two days?  I am in like Flynn.  I stayed at the Encore this past weekend, and put up my buddy here at this old joint.  Room were not exactly AAA Five Diamond, but they are comfortable and clean.   Nice flat screen TV is new.  How 'bout that?  We ate at the Buffet and since the price is right, we came on down.   Nice going and I will be sure to return.  (WARNING:  This is a locals joint.  They don't use much deodorant, and there seems to be a tendency of accidents happening on the approach to the bathroom stall, if you know what I mean.  Be careful, and may the good Lord bless and keep you on your journey to the Coast.)
4	I cant say nothing bad about this casino. They had nice rooms a sweet big plasma tv plastered on the wall. The limits on the tables were low, drinks were good, service was tight. It's only at most 5 min from the strip in taxi or shuttle. If you don't want all the glamour and business of the strip its a sweet place to stay and its cheap. Id def stay at this place again but of course I am young so I would rather stay on the strip somewhere. Check it out. Peace!
2	Went to a meeting only!Seems real old school, average meeting rooms, internet was way to expensive $20 for 2 hours and not included in the meeting room rentalThe room served our needs from a meeting perspective, not sure I'd go back that's just me!
4	I stayed here on one of my trips to Vegas because the Palms was sold out. This hotel fit all of our needs. The room was basic. We didn't really need an expensive room because we didn't plan on being on the hotel room that much anyway. The room was a standard size and there really was not a great view but it worked for us. The front desk staff was great and it didn't take but 3 minutes to check in. The walk from the parking garage to the front desk is a long haul but not too bad. The casino its self was great. It is a older casino and it seems that this is a place were locals go. Not only for the slots and cheap table games but the cheap food discount at a few of the restaurants in the hotel. On the weekends they have a hot dog vendor set up shop out side the sports book. I think we got 2-3 dogs..and they were only $1.00. The hotel also has a shuttle that takes people to Bill's casino on the strip. Which is good for people that don't have a car. We were dropped off so it was good for us. I will probably stay here again if the Palms is sold out or too expensive at the time of booking. Its right across the street from the Palms which is were my wife and I like to gamble. This hotel fit all of our needs on this trip. MZ
3	Things I like about this place:Easy to find up front parking usually.Easy to cash your check-no line usually.Easy to place your bets-no line usually.Hot dog stand in the sports book.TGI Fridays is open late & serves great food.It's small it's cozy,it's fast & friendly & its all local. Right across from the touristy Palms.
2	after getting out of tryst -- i was craving $5 steaks!We have been getting $5 steaks at Gold Coast for years!! YEARS!And what happened last weekend when we rolled up expecting to be greeted by diner and a greasy meal ---- the diner was now a TGI FRIDAYS!!No more $5 steaks :(I felt defeated. Extra star to gold coast since they do have cheap black jack tables.. I am a $5 limit kind of girl
3	This review is strictly for the 24 hour cafe.  After a night dancing away at Tao....us girls needed some grub.  And I wanted my cheap steak and eggs...it wasn't the $4.99 steak and eggs that I was promised but it was still cheap.  Not bad for the price.  $40 for 5 girls and they forgot to charge us some items and drinks...SCORE!  Also very close to the Rio where I was staying at.  The boys with us literally walked back to the hotel since they didn't want to join for our mid-night snack.
5	Sooooo much fun! I played with my mom and dad.... The staff...NOT so friendly... One of them seemed annoyed because my parents were asking her HOW they really played BINGO...BOOOOO. But for $15 for an hour's play... it was our money's worth. I find that playing on paper has more thrill than playing electronically.
2	I only go here for the $45 Hold-Em tourney. I do love playing with the regulars. It's just so gross and dirty and smelly---like a bunch of unbathed truckers had a cigar convention. Ick.
3	We've been going to the "Mold Coast" nearly every year since 2000 for the Vegas Rockabilly Weekender every Easter weekend, so we've had a LOT of experience at the "Redneck Riviera"It has a bed, a shower, a sink.  That pretty much makes it a 5 star joint while we're at the weekender, but otherwise it's pretty meh.  The Monterey Room restaurant is where we've had many a bad meal and worse service.  We've seen the hot dog cart by the track betting go from 50 cents to a dollar.  We've seen Terrible's burger joint turn into a frackin oyster bar(??!!) Now the weekender has moved to the cousin hotel The Orleans, and it's with a very small tear drop that we bid sayonara to the Mold Coast and give it back to the geriatric crowd of 65+ year olds who would make comments like "we used to dress like y'alls when we were teenagers" or the best comment some lady said to us "you're not going to hurt me are you?"
1	I would give it a half star if that was possible. The hotel smells like my dearly departed Grandma's house since she smoked Virginia Slims for about 40 years. The entire hotel even the rooms is saturated with cigarette smoke. I'm a smoker and it was making me gag and cough! My sister had the bright idea to stay here on her last trip and tried to get me to stay in her room. I woke up in the middle of the night trying to catch my breath because I felt like I smoked a carton of Pall Malls! I had to leave and go home around 4 a.m. wondering if they have ever cleaned the vents. The next day I went back for more abuse and humored my sister by eating this piss poor excuse of a buffet with her. All 4 in our group had  IBS attacks and were literally tripping each other to get to the restroom because we all had projectile diarrhea! I wondered if it was food poisoning or E-Coli that would be responsible for my demise. We all literally had sore stomachs and flaming hot nether regions! If you're looking for a good detox or going through a self loathing "What have I got to live for?" phase then this is your place! Bon apetite!
3	Last minute I needed to find a second room for my daughter and her BF, I was not able to book a reservation at the other hotels we usually stay at and decided to give Gold Coast a try since my fiance had a free room offer.  We got a newly renovated room for 2 nights (Friday & Saturday) plus $10 slot credits and $20 food credit each day.  Not bad at all.  Check in was relatively quick and friendly.  However, you have to go to the player's club to claim your slot credit EACH DAY.  That was a pain b/c it was sooo slow!  Anyway, the room is small but very modern and clean.  The bed was nice and comfy  but it didn't have a real comforter, just a blanket covered in flat sheets.  It has a 32 " LCD TV.  Although it's off the strip, it's across from the Rio so my daughter just walked over to Rio to catch the shuttle bus to the strip.  If I ever run out of free rooms at the other hotels, I would stay here for sure.  Hey, any free room is better than paying, right?
5	Got a cheap $4 a night internet special for a room that brought us to this nice establishment. Quick check in and a nice room. Long hallway walk, but still a nice quiet hotel. Modern room decorations and a sliding bathroom door. Only odd thing was the lack of a shower door. Definitely a great place to stay for cheap with fun.The casino is outstanding. Low table limits allowed me and my friends to try out a lot of games like roulette for only $3 and double deck blackjack for only $5. Expansive casino floor with all types of slots. Great waitress service at the slots with really strong drinks. Not as fast paced as the strip casinos, but did not lack any of the excitement. Also enjoyed their restaurants and cheap bowling.
3	This is not The Wynn or the Bellagio Its the Gold Coast. I cannot complain for what I paid. I came here for a bowling Tournament and the rooms where going for 45 a night. Nice room not a suite or anything but it had a bed a shower and a tv what else do you need right? It is off ther strip but the palms is right across the street as is the RIO and of course Sonics!!! Plys when I needed to get to the strip they have a shuttle that takes you to the sister hotel on the strip for free. FYI Join the card members and you will get free points that you must use up while there. You can get a free meal at the buffett for discount. Review for that coming up soon
3	I feel the same way about the Gold Coast that I do about the Tropicana hotel.Stay here, have a little fun and take the money you save on the rooms across the street and party.The location is great - just down the street from the Rio and across the street from the Palms.The rooms are nice and comfortableThe service is good, check in was fast and easy.The Gold coast has an almost unlimited supply of slot machines.The minimums at the tables are very reasonable.An enjoyable place for gaming action.All the Coast casinos try their best to make you feel comfortable.....not fancy, but comfortable and enjoyable.
5	Sure, you kids have got your Rain and your Pure and your Snoopy Dog parties, but in keeping with my old lady name, I prefer some of the simple elderly pleasures in life...like bingo. Okay, so maybe I went to keep my mom entertained for a couple of hours...and maybe I've accompanied my mom on many a bingo excursion before, but this was the first to Gold Coast's bingo hall...and I'm more than a fan. Picture this hypothetical scenario: you've already withdrawn your $300 for the day, the blackjack tables haven't treated you so well, and you're in dire need of a drink. Hypothetically, of course. Well, for a mere $10 you get unlimited booze (you don't even have to wait for the cocktail gal, you can get your free booze directly from the bar) and the chance to annoy old folks and win a few hundred bucks. Sadly, the bad luck wasn't shaken by an afternoon bingo session, but five vodka tonics later...I left there one happy bingo-er.
1	Jason at the front desk was super friendly.  The valet staff was polite and helped with our bags.  BUT we left a wallet in our room and checked out.  We went back an hour later and guess what.  NO WALLET.  The maid just came up on $1500.   The hotel was a great deal but when you get jacked you can only leave 1 star
3	The Gold Coast has come along way the past few years with all the demands of a hotel & casino just off the strip.  It's comparable to the Tropicana and maybe a short step below the Golden Nugget.One thing about the Gold Coast that really shines though is the fantastic ethnic restaurants like Ping Pang Pong or the Noodle Shop.  They have a strong following and some real quality food for a casino restaurant.
5	I go to Vegas several times a year and when I'm low on money, I stay at the Gold Coast.  The hotel is geared to locals and isn't touristy or catered to the young crowd.  However, the nightly rates are spot-on and are a great value.  The hotel is located on across from the Palms and they offer a shuttle service to the strip.  The rooms are standard and include a coffee maker, flat-screen TV, and a refrigerator is available upon request free of charge.  They have a pool and a hot tub that is seasonal but on a recent trip this month, they were still open. A gym is also available to work out all the drinks from the previous night.  One of the best features is the T.G.I. Fridays located on the first floor. The food is descent and reasonably priced and is open 24 hours.  The hotel also has a huge bowling alley that is open around the clock and games are only $1 during certain hours.  They also offer pitches of beer for like $5 or $6 bucks.  A great place to stay if you can't afford The Wynn or Bellagio.  You get what you pay for.
2	Nice location, but very bad room.  Twice I've stayed here -- and one time, the air conditioning DID NOT WORK AT ALL.  The other time, it barely got the wee-bit cold in the room, even with the AC on.  The casino and restaurants are OK.  This place is located right next to the Rio...which is good I guess.  Coast properties are generally nice, but this was the worst one.
4	We stayed at the Gold Cost last January (2009) for 3 nights. We ended up booking our trip during the Consumer Electronics conventions (whoops!) so therefore everything on the strip was full or too expensive. We decided on this hotel and we were very pleased with our decision. The rooms were nice size and very clean, lots of freebies in our room when we got there, ya know samples of products etc. The only complaint I had about the room itself was it was very cold and the heat was not working so I froze the first night but the second night my husband complained and it was fixed promptly. The best thing about this hotel was the fast shuttle service. I didnt miss not staying on the strip at all because anytime you wanted to go to the strip, you would just hop on their shuttle and you were there within 5 mins and at a prime loaction too - CENTER strip right by Bill's. Loved the shuttle service!! It ends at midnight but if you wanna stay out a little later, the Rio Shuttle runs until 1am and we just used that one night and walked across the street back to the gold coast. Also, the casino there was fun, the breakfast buffett was delicious and the drinks were very reasonably priced. I would recommend this hotel anyday to someone who would like to save a couple bucks by not staying on the strip. Those huge hotels on the strip probably take so long to walk through just to get down from your room and outside, you would probably get there just as fast staying at the Gold Coast and taking the shuttle. :)
4	Ok, so this isn't your hot and happening hotel/casino in Vegas nor is it located on the strip with all the other hotels, BUT there's a certain charm that I like about this hidden gem in the desert.  While it's not on the strip, it's definitely close by the Strip and located right next to the Rio and across the street from the Palms.  When me and my boyfriend don't get comp'd or discounted rooms at hotels along the strip, our go to place is the Gold Coast.  Defintely, definitely, definitely shell out for the recently remodeled rooms.  And by shelling out, I mean an extra $20 or so.  Their remodeled rooms almost rival rooms of hotels on the strip :)The $3 roulette and blackjack tables are a definite plus and if you're not quite in the gambling mood, you can also learn how to salsa in their showroom, bowl in their large bowling alley upstairs or just walk across the street and catch a movie in the Palms movie theater. The only disappointment was the pool area...extremely small, but other than that this place offers reasonable accomodations for a fraction of the price compared to hotels on the strip.
5	I love you Gold Coast Casino!!  I really, really do!  Thank you for being relatively quiet and airy, despite your slight "oldness".  And by oldness, I mean, the casino itself and its clientele.  What I love most?  BINGO!!!  A huge ballroom devoted exclusively to games of bingo every odd hour of the day until 11pm.  I've visited this splendid ballroom twice now to play, and I have loved it so, I wish to be there so much more often.  $11 gets you one hour's worth of Bingo splendor.  Seriously, where else can you honestly gamble on $11 for an entire hour?!  Drinks are free, as per Vegas, and bar service means they'll take your drink orders so you never miss a blotter-worthy moment.  You can also walk up to the bar, which is exclusive to the room.  Vending machines sell a rainbow of blotter colors to choose from.  The room has a non-smoking section, which rocks!  Now for the best part: the crowd!  Yes it's true, I used to think Bingo games had an age limit: you had to be over 55, trucking along an oxygen tank in order to qualify.  My people, this is untrue!  Sure you get a couple of sideways glances; three females under 40 walking in, staking a space and spreading out their bingo cards...  It's the best.  As soon as the game starts, the room is enveloped in a hushed silence.  The only sounds you hear are the attendant calling numbers, servers with drinks, and the occasional bleep from a computer.  Here's where it gets interesting.  While I much prefer the traditional paper-and-blotter method, modern science has created mini electronic bingo screens that you can use.  No fun!  But, when you're one number away from Bingo, it lets out a little bleeping sound.  Hah!!  To hear old ladies grumble that someone else it getting close!  Best thing ever!!So in short, $15 total for an hour's worth of bingo, one blotter, and three Crown and Cokes.  Life is good.  Well it is at Gold Coast anyway!
1	Gold Coast has landed right on my Let's Not Las Vegas list.This place is more suited for the Golden Buckeye set.  As in 55 and over.  It smells funny.  Don't get me wrong, it's not Knights Inn outside Columbus Ohio (inside joke) or anything...it's just not very nice.  Did I mention it smells funny?  Maybe a little sweaty.  It's not flat out bad.  It's just not very good.  I have stayed in worse places.  Some people would probably give the Gold Coast 3 stars.  Like people that have not stayed in a lot of hotels.  Or that have not stayed in nice hotels.  Or that toss around stars freely.  Or that give pity stars.One final note - on my way out I saw a woman dozing as she stood.  Head nodded forward, slight slump to the shoulders, eyes closed.  The problem was she was on the down escalator.  It was pretty funny when she got to the end.  And then as I entered the parking garage I had to step over a huge pink and chunky mess of vomit.  Wonderful.
5	I've stayed here three times, for the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekender that has been at this hotel every year for many years, until last year. I was sad as I really liked staying here, and in fact did stay here anyway last year for a few nights, until moving over to the the new Viva venue, The Orleans, which I did not like very much at all. The staff at Gold Coast were always very very  nice to all of us crazy vintage rockabillies and a lot of them even remembered people's names every year. I really like the small pool, which has good hours and is in full sun most of the day. I am very sad that they decided to not have Viva at the hotel anymore. However I plan to stay there again some day!
3	For $100 a night, I got what I paid for. Lets break it down into chunks:1. The RoomI booked a Premium Double Bed room. As many of the other reviews stated, there are none of those horrible/dirty comforters on the beds. I actually enjoyed this, mainly because we always throw those on the floor since they don't get washed & changed between different guests like the sheets do. In looking at the picture's on the website, there is no 'lush chocolate brown blanket' at the foot of the beds - you get two sheets and a mint green fleece-like blanket. The beds are actually quite comfortable. Small, but soft. The room was poorly lit also. It had some kind of orange light on the wall next to the table, which was more of a giant night light than a light. The only other source of light, aside from the window, was a two-bulb lamp between the beds (one of our bulbs didn't work). The air conditioning was controlled by a thermostat on the wall, which was nice for maintaining the temperature during the night. The bathroom... The bathroom is nice, not too small. However, the door is basically a fancy sliding closet door. It doesn't lock, which could be a privacy issue for some. The shower was interesting, to say the last. The water temp/pressure was perfect. It was a walk in shower and it had one piece of glass as a wall between the shower and the toilet, the other half was just open to walk in an out. This, combined with the sliding closet door means, if someone 'accidentally' walks in on you, you're there for the world to see. If someone were standing at the door to enter the actual room, they would be able to see the shower and person inside of it. There is no fan in the restroom, the only ventilation is a small window that opens up.  The coffee pot is a one cup at a time deal. 2. The Hotel Its selfIt's not too big, and not too small. It's easy to get from your room to the Valet/parking garage, unlike many of the bigger casinos. There is a big variety of slot/table games. The employee that checked me in looked miserable and seemed frustrated with my questions regarding the billing of my room. There is no free wifi, I believe it's $12.95 for a days worth of wifi. The valet was quick and efficient. Like most older casinos, it smelled pretty bad like smoke. I sat and played a machine for an hour and, in that time, was only approached twice by cocktail waitressed. The drink that I did get (white russian) was, surprisingly, not watered down, like some other casinos tend to do. 3. FoodThe hotel offers room service from T.G.I. Fridays for $2.00. We ordered three sandwich meals and it took between 30-40 minutes to receive it. When we did, the sandwiches were lackluster and the fries were cold and soggy. It seemed like they were overpriced as well, it was $40.00 total for the three sandwich meals with no drinks. Friday's also offers a $4.99 breakfast deal which consisted of; two eggs, four sausage, hash browns, 2 bacon, and toast, i believe. My Dad went and tried it out in the morning and was surprised that the meal did not include a drink in the price. The price of a plain iced tea - $3.00. So his total meal was about 8 dollars without tip, some 'deal'. The only other food I tried in the hotel was the ice cream from Kates Korner. It was as good as ice cream can be, it's pretty tough to screw that up. It was reasonably priced. 4. Things to DoAside from gambling, there is a salsa-esque room that had dancers and a live band going on Saturday night. It seemed to be very lively and entertaining. There are booths and tables to sit at in the large room and it's dimly lit for ambiance. My sister and I went to check out the bowling alley on the second floor. There was a security guard at the base of the escalator who checked my I.D., for what? I don't know. But one thing I did like was the fact that there is quite a bit of security at the hotel. There is also a security guard at the casino level elevator bank who you have to show your room key to before going any further. Anyway, the bowling alley was huge, and it was neon nights, so there were quite a bit of people. It had plenty of lanes, balls and space. There was an arcade and a section of lockers for personal items. They offer great deals for the night owls. The bowling alley followed suit with the rest of the casino by having multiple security guards spread out. Theres a snack bar in there that closes at midnight.The pool. I didn't check out the pool, but I did see the sign that said it closed at 6:00 pm - pretty early for a Vegas pool. Most stay open until 10:00 PM. All-in-all, it was a decent hotel. The other 'big' hotels are charging $200 a night for basically the same thing; two beds, a toilet/shower and a tv with 15 stations. No one really stays in their room, and no one really stays at their 'home' casino. Would I stay here again? Probably. It's not exceptionally good or bad.
3	Stayed here on a Sunday night when me and my guy were bored and decided to drive to Vegas. $43 for the night...The room had a living room/dining room, kitchenette, separate bedroom and a big bathroom. And 3 tvs. But it was a smoking room so the whole placed smelled like cigarettes. We called to ask to get switched to a non smoking room when the lady at the front desk says she had upgraded us to a SUITE since nothing else was available....Suddenly, the smell of cigarettes wasnt so bad...nothing an open window and a fan couldn't fix..Don't expect to party here. Unless your idea of partying is slot machines and TGI Fridays. You can walk your drunk ass right across the street to the Palms. Or you can stumble to the Rio, which is right next door. Looks like they had shuttles to go to other casinos but I partied at the Palms so I didn't take advantage of that.By the way, there is a 3 dollar charge once you check in at the hotel. I booked online so when I got there I paid 3 bucks. Not a big deal but if you're like me, I like to know where every single one of my dollars goes when I'm in Vegas.It's a good deal to stay here if you'd rather spend your money on 20 shots at the bar and a nice buffet the next day. If you're looking for glamour, stay at the Bellagio. If you can afford it. But this place isn't bad at all. Besides, who really sits in their hotel room when they're in Vegas???
3	Showers are way to small. Beds are ok. Service ok.Wouldn't go back
4	The Gold Coast is a stress free alternative whilst staying in Vegas. Gold Coast is located next to the Rio on Flamingo Rd, and across the street from The Palms. I have stayed here three times now and every time I am glad I made that choice. The number one reason is that I don't have to drive on Las Vegas Blvd at all. I exit the 15 and turn AWAY from the strip, park for free and with no traffic or stress in Gold Coast's covered parking lot, and then walk to the lobby for check in. All stress free and comfortable. The check in staff is usually pretty friendly and the walk to the room from the desk is not too far. The other reason I enjoy the Gold Coast is the premium rooms. For an extra $20 a night you can stay in a newly renovated room that looks as modern as The Wynn. There is also a free shuttle that takes you from the GC to the Orleans and then to the Strip, dropping you off at Bill's Gambling Hall. The eateries at the Gold Coast are severely lacking, however. There is a TGI Friday''s which I can find at home. When I go to Vegas I like to try new and exciting restaurants. The Friday's is the only sit down restaurant in the entire casino, so I hope you like it! I got take out late Sunday night for a midnight snack and it tasted great and service was good. However, I can go to Friday's anywhere. They also have a deli / ice cream counter that sells prepackaged sandwiches for $6.99 a piece. Rip off! I didn't even try one because of the price. There is a Seattle's Best coffee stand that has pastries for breakfast, but nothing special. The only unique places here are The Cortez Room steakhouse, Ping Pang Pong Asian Restaurant, and the Ports O' Call buffet. All of them are cheap and taste like it :) So, Gold Coast is good for a quick bite to fill you up in between meals, but I'll be going to a nicer place on the strip for my meals. The Casino is fairly large with a huge number of slots, a sports book, bingo room, and a small table games area. I didn't have much luck with the slots, but video poker worked out well for me. The slots seemed very tight in this place. I have stayed at both the premium and the regular rooms. The premium rooms offer more modern upgrades like tiled shower instead of fiberglass, bigger tvs, and modern looking furniture. There is a thermostat on the wall to control the actual temperature of your room, which is pretty awesome. The beds are a little firm and I woke up sore each morning, but I didn't have any trouble sleeping due to it being uncomfortable. The pool area is nice but small. It gets sun for most of the day and is big enough for a handful of people to go into at the same time without bumping into each other. There is also a nice fitness center overlooking the pool with weight machines, bicycles, treadmills, and eliptical machines. Good way to work off the buffet from last night!Hit up the Gold Coast to save some money on your room, take the shuttle to the strip, and then use your savings on a really nice dinner somewhere. Nothing beats a stress free trip to Vegas!
3	My wife and I were there for the Military bowling tournament and yes it's a casino with all the amenities needed to make it what it is..., a comfortable place to stay. Nothing great, but if your not a smoker you will be by proxy since the ventilation is woefully weak. The only other drawback was the poor service at TGIF (our orders were always messed up). One bright spot is the shuttle service to the strip and Orleans.We will be staying there again next year since it convenient for the tournament.
3	Ok..first of all I got a free room here so I gave that one-star. Secondly, they have Asia Poker which is my favorite game so I gave that another star. Everything else sucked. The room was crappy and looked like a motel (this was the suite). The buffet was the worst I had in my life...food tasted like plastic. The pool? omfg...looks worst than a Motel 8 pool and all OLD PEOPLE hanging out. It was a disgusting sight to see and I would never come back here to stay. Oh I forgot to mention one good thing, they serve hot green tea with honey and lemon, that was soothing after my many packs of cigarettes while gambling there.Oh I forgot...I'm adding one more star because I have to admit that their Dim Sum there is delicious. I would come here just for that on a Sunday morning before heading back home.
4	While the other casinos are cutting back on their rewards, Gold Coast actually upped it.  My fiance and I hardly play here but his reward got better.  He gets 2 nights free, $25/day food credit, and $35/day slot credit.  It may not sound like much, but for the little we play here, it's much better than the other big name casinos.  The rooms are not big, but very comfortable.  They also have shuttle service to the strip (by Caesars) that runs from 9:00am - midnight every 1/2 hour.  I would definitely recommend this casino if you're not a big player but still want some perks.  Get a player's card here and reap some free rewards.
1	Room was decent & price was good for Memorial Day Weekends Stay.  And it's very close to restaurants & popular dance clubs.    But the bed was not clean as I came home with a few red bites.  At first, I thought that must be mosquito bites so I didn't complain to the front desk. Bites were continuous getting very itchy, irritated & bigger after I came home.  Cortisone & rubbing alcohol did not help lessen the itch.  I went online & did some searches and sadly I found out that they were bed bug bites.  Scary & Nasty! Immediately,  I went to see a doctor & he also confirmed that the bites were from the beg bugs.    It took me almost 2 months to heal and scars are still on my leg.After the doctor visit, I emailed Gold Coast about the cleanliness of the room.  They have never returned my email.
3	*50th Review*Stayed here back in 2006.Room: Average but decently sized and comfortable. The toilet and tub are also in a separate room from the sink.Restaurants: There used to be two good places: The Monterrey Room(typical 24/7 coffee shop with Chinese menu) and Terrible Mike's(better than average fast food) which were both replaced with a TGIF and an Oyster Bar. The Ice cream shop(Kate's Korner) is decent but I can't speak for any of the other restaurants.Pool: Never seen it, but I've heard it's nothing special at all.Entertainment: I used to go bowling here all the time as a kid. The bowling alley is still pretty good with a small arcade attached but other than that it's just a bunch of lounges with weird stuff such as ballroom blitzes, dueling pianos and super karaoke which just doesn't appeal to me.Miscellaneous: Not a whole lot to say. It's largely a locals place filled with old-timers, kids/teens hanging out at the bowling alley and budget conscious tourists.Definitely a place for the budget-wise. The room does it's job and it's just a stone's throw away from The Strip(with a free shuttle included). The Rio and The Palms are also right across the street if you're looking for some more excitement nearby.
4	It was my gf's idea to stop by to eat at the buffet here before heading back home.With the $7.99 price for the lunch meal, I had my doubts even tho she assured me that she had eaten here before with her parents and said that it was pretty good.Like most Vegas buffets, they had a selection of Italian, Chinese, American, Mongolian, probably more I can't think of, and a salad bar and a dessert section.Among my picks my favorite was the stir fried - ur able to place whatever toppings such as mushrooms or whatever vegetables and the chef cooks them so that you can add rice/noodles to the stir fried. Pretty yummy.I also tried their jambalaya, broccoli beef, baked ziti, lasagnaAll the foods ranged from okay to pretty good!The nachos with salsa/guacamole was the only part that wasn't too great; the chips were stale and the guac was tasteless.Their desserts were pretty good, I liked their cheesecake in particular.So all in all, this 7.99$ buffet went above & beyond my expectations. I really do think the food here is better than some of the buffets on the strip... on any given day I'd much rather eat here than some wayy overpriced terrible one like the one in Aria or something.We also checked out the tables. The place is heavily Asian/Chinese themed, where all the dealers are wearing some sort of Chinese outfit. They were all sweet & kind; the tables had low minimums. 5$ black jack and pai gow!If you want to eat a whole bunch of food at a more than decent buffet and play cheap games, this place is worth a visit!
2	Not exactly the best hotel, it was sanitary however the shower and sink didn't drain very well.  Nice location that it's close to the strip and it's easy to walk around.  The bowling ally is awesome, $1 games, $1 beers!  Pool is sad, hot tub is small... they do provide pool towels though.  If there's no where else to stay or this is the best price, it's not the worst thing out there, but no my first choice by far.
4	I am only reviewing the casino (and the ice cream sundae).  There are lots of silver hairs and Filipinos here. LOL.  It is small, smoky and honest by not trying to be some trendy/douchy hangout.  Plus we WON money here.  I think we played quarter slots for an hour and come out $80 on top.  Awesome.  Parking is easy and you don't have to walk ten miles through the hotel.  It isn't too pretty on the eyes with the old dingy decor, but go to the strip for that glam.  YAY, the Dreyers ice cream bar had SPUMONI.  =)
4	This review is primarily for the room. The room was so nice! Small, yes, but perfect for a couple. It was newly renovated and CLEAN. Flat screen tv and a comfy king size bed were great. The casino was just average and we did not try their food- though they have a 24hr TGIF inside the casino. The staff were pleasant and always very helpful :)
4	This was the best $30 something bucks I've ever spent on a hotel in Las Vegas. I usually stay on the strip when I'm in Vegas, but for this trip, I had to be all the way in the north end, near the Palms. I didn't want to stay at the Palms because it's Bros. & Sluts Central, and this was only for a night. Because it was a Wednesday night, rooms at the Gold Coast were going for super cheap so I booked a standard room with two doubles. Room size was just fine, didn't feel crammed in there at all, beds were very comfortable and I liked the big flat screen TV. The bathroom seemed a bit on the small side  because they had the sink separate from the toilet and shower/tub. There must've been only an inch of space between closing the door and toilet, I thought that was weird. Otherwise the bathroom was ok.The overall hotel and casino seemed nice too- it didn't reek of cigarette smoke walking inside which is always a plus for me because I hate that smell in most casinos on the strip. They had a TGIFriday's in there but I didn't go inside. I'd gladly stay here again if I had to be on this side of Vegas.
4	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Came to Las Vegas for a softball tournament, the team stayed at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, right adjacent to the Rio and across the street from The Palm. Surprisingly the hotel was quite nice. Get the newly renovated rooms (contemporary furniture, flat screen TV, cool bathroom) and it's a great bang for your buck. I know they still have rooms that are a bit old school, but if one can stay in the renovated ones its well worth it. The gambling area was decent, restaurants had TGIF and a few others, but we ventured out next door to Rio International Buffet. It was a pleasurable stay and being with friends makes the experience more memorable.
3	We stayed at the Gold Coast on our recent trip to Vegas because of the price (about $75 for two nights, Saturday and Sunday in December) and it's convenient location next to the Rio and the Palms (easy walking distance -- literally right across the street).The rooms were on the small size and nothing special, but overall clean and comfortable.  The casino downstairs was kind of dated (but still clean) and seemed to cater to an older crowd (my boyfriend and I are in our late 20s).  There were plenty of penny and nickel slots as well as $3-5 tables and 40 cent keno.  We didn't gamble there very much, but the couple of times we sat down at the slots the waitresses were very good bringing drinks.The bars were definitely cheaper than most of the other casinos we visited -- while we were there the casino was having a special for $1.75 call drinks (Jack Daniels, Ketel One, Jose Cuervo, etc.) and $2 beers.  Normally I think drinks are around $3-5.For food there is a TGI Fridays and a Chinese restaurant that was open until 3 am.  The casino also has a pool and jacuzzi (we didn't check out because it was cold and rainy), and a huge bowling alley with a $1 graveyard bowling special starting at 2 am.  There was a also a free shuttle that ran from Bill's on the strip to the Gold Coast and the Orleans (all sister casinos) from around 8 am to midnight.  We took the shuttle once and it arrived right on schedule.Overall a decent place to stay if you're looking for a more affordable trip to Vegas -- only con was an extra $3/day resort fee.  Excellent location next to the Rio and the Palms, but a bit of a walk to the strip so utilize the free shuttle.
4	The Gold Coast has always been my Las Vegas steady. I've been staying here for yeeeeaaaaars. Whether it was for Viva Las Vegas, Punk Rock Bowling, or the Las Vegas Shakedown, the Gold Coast has played host as many a memorable (surprising considering the booze involved) weekender for me over the past decade.  Nowadays... the Gold Coast is suffering from a bit of a personality crisis but that's ok. I still love it! And yes, I will elaborate... (keep reading)... First, though - There are new penny slots in the casino!!!An' one of them is Star Wars Droid Hunt!!!This is the coolest slot machine I've ever played!! There were three or four Star Wars slots in a row. Each one has a special vibrating chair with speakers built in to the headrests.I ALMOST feel like I'm flying an X Wing fighter! But not really, 'cause I'm sitting in the Gold Coast and there's this woman next to me chain smoking, sipping a Shirley Temple (less DRINK, more FOCUS) and she's wearing an awesome knitted acrylic sweater with metallic threads weaving in and out, some equally sweet "pleated" polyester pants, and a pair of Easy Strides... the bags under her eyes are almost as big as the handbag in her lap and her scent is a mixture of menthol, AquaNet, and Avon perfume. Her gambling card is 4 hours deep into play and her eyes are somewhat glazed over. Nope, I'm definitely NOT in Tatoonie, Hoth, or Endor. Second - I gotta tell you, the one thing that totally bums me out is that they took out the main bar and replaced it with a TGI Fridays.... O_OReally??? Blecch!!! TGI Fridays is also what serves as "Room Service" now for the Gold Coast Hotel. O_O Really??? Blecch!!!I had SO MANY GREAT memories at that bar...I'm sad it's gone... and even sadder it was replaced with a TGI Fridays... (Really??? Blecch!!!)Some things never change, though... the people watching is primo, whether it's during a weekender or just a weekend. And the Lounge Bar hasn't changed at all... But that leads us to the Third - The Hotel is what really threw me... before the economy took a dive the Gold Coast had plans to revamp the entire hotel... So far they've been able to redo about a third of the rooms... the rooms ARE nice... (We opted to stay the night in a "Premium King" for a whopping $64 for the night) ... but the new rooms seemingly do not fit the theme of the casino. I mean, the casino is all wagon wheels and Gold Rush nostalgia... right? And then the rooms? They're like a lesser expensive version of the W. It's just...weird, man!Our room was sleek and modern and the king size bed was comfortable. I DO like that there was no gross comforter or coverlet on the bed. We always toss those to the floor when we stay at hotels, anyway, because a lot of hotels do not clean them. (ew!!) So glad it's a non-issue at the Gold Coast! Really, for the price, the slots, and the people watching(!) the Gold Coast can't be beat., I mean how much time are you REALLY spending in your room, anyway???
4	I'll tell you what, I won more money here and played longer on less cash than in any other casino in Vegas. They have my new favorite slot, which is the Wheel of Fortune "Secret Spin" which landed me $250 on my first $5 and several other Wheel of Fortune machines that had me playing for hours on just $20 bucks.They also have Ping Pang Pong, which is a Dim Sum place I was recommended to by Yelpers. It was pretty decent but was lacking in the boneless ribs department. I'd still recommend coming here to eat if you're at the Imperial Palace anyway.
4	Much improved over last years stay. We had a premium king room and what a bargain. Still avoided TGIF restaurant though and enjoyed the Noodle Express and Port o' Call Buffet. Did alright on the slots and made up the rest with the Jets win over the Patriots. Go Jets!Mike from the staff also opened up the showroom this year (unlike last year) so we could watch the big screen televisions for the Sunday Playoff games. Thank you, it was great to watch the games on the big screen and not having to go to another casino to see it.The hotel staff did great job keeping all the areas clean and our room was always cleaned early since we placed the maid service placard on the door when we left the room first thing in the a.m. Lastly, the shuttle to the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd was very convenient. I don't think I had to wait more than 10 minutes for each trip. Well worth the add-on charge when you initially sign in.
5	I recently stayed here after getting a really good deal on a room ($30 a night on a Thursday). I didn't expect much- just a place to stay but they far exceeded my expectations. First of all, for the price- the room was MUCH better then most low price hotel rooms I've stayed in- everything was CLEAN, updated and flat screen TV and spacious. All of the staff I encountered were extremely polite and helpful- I had to receive a fax and the office promptly delivered it to me. I also ate at the TGI Friday's downstairs for breakfast and it was really good and the wait staff was great- seriously, like the best waitress ever there who was insanely nice but not intrusive. They also have a fitness room and pool, which is nice if you like to get in a quick exercise when you travel as I do. Here's the kicker- I left something valuable in my hotel room when I was in a hurry on my way out holding a bunch of bags.  I called back later frantic that it was gone and shortly after I was told that they put it aside for me and would ship it to me. I thought that for sure I would not get this back and figured whoever cleaned the room after I left would pocket it- but I lucked out with this place! I had to be in contact with them after my stay to make sure I got my stuff shipped back to me and they were great about it. Overall-- Great value, free parking, great rooms for the value, amazing service and good location for those who want to be close to the strip but not RIGHT in the strip madness(but very close to the strip and next to tons of other things). Thank you for the efficiency and good service Gold Coast!
2	Once upon a time this was a great local place.  However, age has caught up to it and it's not the place it once was.  The place smells like cigarette smoke and it's lost it's vibe and energy.  The two redeeming things about the joint is Ping Pang Pong (Chinese Restaurant) and their Bowling Alley.We use to come here to grab late night grub in the coffee shop, but the food has gone downhill in there, so we stopped coming to eat here a few years ago.The one thing about this place is that the room rates are always cheap.  But remember, you get what you pay for.Return Factor - 30%
5	After reading these reviews, I simply had to give Bingo a try. How hard could it be, right? Well, reality check, Vegas Bingo is not what you played in preschool. This game takes total concentration (unless you use the digital reader, like a wussy) and there is no talking! It took me a few games to figure out what was going on but once I did, I was hooked. The best strategy is to get there early order 2-3 drinks and make sure you have cards for each game in the round. DO NOT call Bingo unless you are certain, the blue hairs almost killed one of their own after he mistakenly called Bingo, yikes!! To some it up: Bingo - it's intense and low-rewarding, but it's a damn good way to waste an hour in Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I were passing through Vegas on Valentines Day and decided to stay the night. We found a new/updated room at Gold Coast on hotels.com for $30!! I actually liked that it was off the strip. Since we were driving, it was less stressful not having to drive with a million people crossing the street and not being able to find parking entrances off the strip. The room was completely updated, modern and super nice. New bed, new furniture and the bathrooms were cute. No tub, but an awesome stand up shower with a huge shower head! What I liked the very most about this hotel was the parking was easy to find and the check-in was close to the parking structure, our room was easy to find and we didn't have to deal with SO many people in the casino (since they were all older people and no drunken retards from the strip). ANNNNNND the casino didn't even smell of cigarette smoke, what? Unheard of.The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the check-in agents were so annoying! There were 4 people behind the desk (only 2 were seemingly working) and 1 person in front of us, but it took them 20 minutes to get us.
3	A little on the shabby side, easy to get in and out, has a liquor store (where there's not any bargains like there used to be), smells a little like your Grandma's house and locals hang here.My son loves to eat the hotdogs here. $1.25 will buy you a big hotdog that's been cooked in beer and has a condiment bar that even has sauerkraut!  I'm not a hotdog lover, but these are good and worth the trip. If you're trying to do a trip on $30 a day, this is your spot!They have very interesting slots, and low limit table games. The last time I was here the dealers were a little surley. Maybe it was the end of their shift. Or maybe they're just tired of the smell. Either way, it takes away from the experience. Eat you hotdog and leave. There's too many fun places to go.
3	Nice hotel, Friday's is open 24hours, and the premium rooms are nice.
3	Our room was clean, the bedding was pretty, no bed bugs, and the front desk okay.  And the shuttle to Bill's on the strip was a short ride and the wait wasn't very long. The casino smelled like an ashtray.  Our room smelled like urine until after we ran the air/heat.  The bathroom DID have a tub, but the room was small and the shower was dark.
2	$2 craps table= awesome, when you're feeling cheap and near-broke, a $60 stake lasts a while.2x odds?  Get the fuck outta here.I give 2 stars for the copious amounts of $5 pai gow tables, but not much else.
3	Review for casino only:The Gold Coast is a pleasant casino with a good selection of VP and denominations.  Parking is quite convenient with either garage.  I normally park in the Flamingo garage and it's a quick walk into the casino.Beverage service is generally prompt and any interactions I've had with floor people has always been great.
2	The front desk service is horrible.  An older man named Jim helped me with my reservation.  He was distant and unfriendly.  Not hospitable at all.  I had made a reservation for a premium room, so I asked him if he had given me one.  He said no and had given me a standard room.  I showed him my email confirmation showing that I paid for a premium room and without an apology, he reluctantly changed my room.  Shouldn't they know who booked what?  The check in process was very frustrating.  The room itself was renovated and nice.  Flat screen TV.  Neat shower.  Large vanity.  Our window overlooked the side of a building.  I used the gym at the hotel- old equipment and shabby looking.  The pool and hot tub didn't look too great.  The highlight of this hotel is the dim sum restaurant, Ping Pang Pong.  Small venue, but it is so good!  I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	just an old casino with a bowling alley! and a dead easy bowling alley. shot 739 scratch with crappy carry!has a TGI Fridays inside and a buffet that is $9.00 with players club!
4	There's a lot of old people....and I think I LIKE it like that!It's a very slow-paced, quiet vibe...no hustle and bustle. The service is generally caring though a tad slow. I would say that the slots did not pay me so well but I would not go as far as to say they are tight because I have not gone often enough. I visited once on my last trip for about an hour. (Do not eat here though....or bring Pepto.)I love the bright lights. I like bright casinos; they make me feel good win or lose....instead of these dark casinos that make you feel very low after a loss (or maybe that's just me lol)! The Bconnected card is great for comps. Use it!
3	Ahhhhh...the Gold Coast.This hotel/casino has many attributes.The rooms are very spacious. The shower is amazing. Never have I had such great water pressure in hotel before and yes this is important when trying to wash the Vegas funk (cigs and old lady perfume) out of your hair.The TV has almost no tv stations, but who really cares, its Vegas and you should be out of your room.The food choices in this Hotel are a little lacking. Many asain food choices, so if thats your favorite then your good to go here. There was a TGIF, which was so/so. The lunch buffet was only so-so. I couldn't believe the buffet actually closed though and didn't turn over the food with staying open, that was a huge downer. The Java corner was great. Huge muffins and yummy starbucks coffee. Kate's corner has great ice cream for when you need to cool down.The pool was nice until the kids showed up, but again, not the casino's fault.The Gambling is good. Cheaper table games than on the strip. More of a locals hang out.Good location, right across the street from the Rio and the Palms and just two blocks away from the strip offering a shuttle.I heart you Gold Coast and will be back.
4	The outside is Old Vegas, The pool is small but clean and comfortable.  The buffet honestly kind of sucks but it's cheap and you get what you pay for. My husband got ALL of our money's worth on crab legs at the Friday evening Ports of Call Seafood Buffet. (My kids ate desserts and I was extremely limited on what to eat as I do not eat seafood and everything they served had some in it).  The rooms are so nice inside! They re-did this hotel's rooms a few years back. This last visit we booked a two double bed room on expedia (had our kids with us this trip) and were upgraded to a one bedroom suite as they didnt have our room when we arrived.  The kids got to sleep on the couch in the living room (no blankets were delivered to us even though we WALKED down to the desk and asked a really NICE lady for some). We love staying here because a) the rooms are cheaper than the strip and nice b)free shuttle to the strip c) bowling on site with late night deals d) bingo on site for the old lady in my heart d)the palms is across the street e) the rio is across the street.  Everything we need is here or within walking distance without the drama of the strip.
5	"There was a gambler who had an addiction and Bingo was its name-o....B. I. N. G. O! B. I. N. G. O!...... and Bingo was its name-o!" WooOhOoOo! I've played Bingo in 2nd grade and Bingo during family functions, but NEVER have I played Bingo for serious Money in Vegas!  Our first experience here was pretty intense and super awesome!  We were all a bit greedy and excited - we each got a Green & Tan sheet with 2 extra sheets for the bonus round! About $21 for a full hour of Bingo with free drinks!!  OMG!  Be sure to get your Dotter for $1-$1.75 from the vending machine!  Why use an electric bingo when you can stamp your own numbers??!  If it is your first time or if you are slow like my BF (he was super stressed trying to dot his two sheets), I highly recommend getting only one sheet to start!  Triple Bingo, Double Bingo, 6 box, 9 box, Blackout... It can get confusing!!Robin was probably the best Bingo Instructor/Attendance/Helper EVER!!  We told her that it was our first time ever, and she was so happy to help us with our Bingo adventure experience.  She even told us to get a Free Gold Coast membership card so that we would get discounts!! Awesome!  She was super attentive and even stopped by our table to make sure that we were okay! =)Even though we didn't win anything, we all had a lot of fun and were very pleased with our drinks for the hour. So if you're tired of sitting at the slots pulling a lever or tired of trying your luck at the tables, come in for a relaxing time playing Bingo and have a couple of drinks.  This was such a fun experience that we came back the next day for another round of Bingo! BUT this time, we were a lot smart and started out with the Blue cards for $4 and additional bonus cards!  It came out to be about $6 for an hour of Bingo and drinks!!  And our friend T.C.N walked out with $13 because she had to split her winnin' with other people!  Super Awesome!! B.I.N.G.O! ... and Bingo was its name-o!!!!
5	I figure it's time for an update, as I've stayed at the Gold Coast a few more times since I wrote my original review.  Back in January, I got my usual standard room and everything was fine...until it sounded like the shower pipe was going to explode through the wall.  It got so bad that it woke me and my best friend after a heavy night of partying.  I've slept through earthquakes and shootings back home, but this pipe was crazy loud.  It sounded like a jackhammer at a construction site.  I shook off the isolated incident.However, my most recent stay this past 4th of July, my friend booked a room through Priceline and it seems as Priceline does not forward your booking details to the hotel.  If you request a double, it's pure luck if you get a double, Priceline simply gets you whatever room they can, which is all in the small print.  We did not know this.  As a result, we were a little disappointed in not getting two beds; however, we checked the next day and we were given a double in one of their premium rooms at no additional charge. Now that's service!  The different between standard room and premium room is night and day.  The rooms are much nicer and the bathrooms are actually large and spacious.Although I've had a few hiccups with Gold Coast, I continue to love their hotel. The staff is friendly, the rooms are more than adequate, the value is unparalleled, and the shuttle is free. Additionally, if you drive to Vegas, the parking is free on their property,  A great resort for those not trying to break their bank account.
4	Well, well.... no more $2 craps.  Now, they finally got the idea right and have $5 tables with 3-4-5x odds, as it damn well should be.  What is ironic is the obvious shit-kicky cowboy decor/vibe yet most patrons are Asian.  That's bizarre.  Is there some casino in Hong Kong decked out with traditional decor that is lousy with patrons in ten-gallon hats?  Who knows.I like that they have the Amazing Race slot, and of course, the 24-hour bowling is awesome.  Graveyard special- post midnight on a weekday, you get games, shoes and beers for $1 each.
3	Never stayed but have played here.  This place is old but has cheap eats and limits.  Seems like more locals spend there time here than tourists.  Ping Pong Pang is a decent Chinese Restaurant.
4	This hotel wasn't bad. Don't expect any glamor like the strip hotels, but if you're on a budget, this place will do. We checked in around 10 because of a delay with our flight and we got upgraded to suites for no additional charge. These rooms were AWESOME. The bathrooms were huge and we had a separate living room and bedroom. The bowling alley in the casino is great and has great specials. Its open 24 hours and we went around 2 AM both nights. The pool is ok, nothing special. The free shuttle to the strip was nice, but it stopped kind of early and it was hard to get on around busy times.
3	Convention across the street, needed to save money on rooms.  Gold Coast it is. Clean rooms, quiet halls, short walk through the casino.Plenty of places to eat including a great breakfast buffet!  Would be perfect for a family that wanted to see the sights and had a rental car.This would not be a good party base, however.  If you want a place off the strip, look at the Palms.
3	I stayed here over the Labor Day Weekend...I upgraded to the newer room.  The room was small.  The two beds were not Queens. They were Full size.  Me and the family are not small people.  It was very uncomfortable.  I liked the price.  I love gambling here.  But I would not stayed with a lot of people.  They cater to an older crowd and families...
2	We only went here because they have cheap tables and they're supposed to have food and drink specials.Pro'sCheap Tables roulette and crapsThe bartenders and other staff were busting my balls, loved itCon'sThe cocktail waitresses were pretty beat and not very nice.  Bars that had the food and drink specials were too packed to get indrinks weren't gooddrinks were as expensive as on the stripIt is old and dingyI kept getting carded and when I asked for a wrist band security put it on so tight I lost circulation and had to take it off.
5	We always stay for free.  Can't complain about free.  Super cute asian girl that works at Java Vegas Coffee that used to live in Riverside, CA.
4	Love staying here when I'm in Vegas and I go a few times a year. If you're looking for new and hot, this is not the place for you. But if you're like me and you're not looking to spend a ton of money on a fancy room in Vegas because you're never in it, then Gold Coast will treat you right. I stayed in one of their nicer, newly remodeled rooms. It was only about $20 more a night compared to their basic rooms and I liked the showers with the little window :)  Probably the best part about the rooms is they actually keep them CLEAN. As in no weird stains on the carpets, they change the sheets, and they actually clean the bathroom. I felt like I could comfortably pass out in the bed and not fear for my life.A few not-so-great things about the place: 1. It's older, so the ventilation in the casino isn't great. If you're in there for more than 30 minutes, you're going to smell like smoke. That's Vegas for ya though.2. It's hard to get a drink while you're gambling, not cool.3. It's a ways from the strip, BUT they have a free shuttle that will take you there. Only runs until 12:30am though.It has a couple restaurants that you can't go wrong with, prices are right, and you get a free ride to and from the strip! Can't wait to go back!
5	My boyfriend and I both play Bingo back at home...so it was our mission to play in Vegas! We had taken the free shuttle from Bally's over to the Rio Hotel for the buffet. I remembered that in Vegas, Bingo is played every other hour. It was 10PM and I thought that we should head over to Gold Coast and play the last session at 11PM. Gold Coast is right across the street from the Rio, we jaywalked (shhh...don't tell anyone!) over there. It's at the opposite end of the casino on the second floor. This is a HUGE bingo hall. Like others have said, it is very nice, open and clean. We only play paper. Even though I know how to play bingo, these games were a little bit different than I'm used to. Since we had about a half an hour until the session started, the lady was nice enough to explain to us what was what.We decided to go with two tan packs, which were the highest paying packs if you won. Then we paid the $1 for the hot ball (or whatever the call it), $1 for Game 8 (a coverall bonus game) and $1 for an extra game that was played with Game 1. We didn't win this time around...but we did go back the next day with my friend! My friend who we went with the second day is an even bigger bingo player than I am. This time I had more of a clue about how the games were played.I bought a small rainbow pack, which is basically like playing four packs at once. That was $12. Then I bought the extra game that is played with Game 1 for $1, bought the hot ball for $1 and bought Game 8 for $2. In total, I spent $16 ($36 because I bought my boyfriends games too). None of us won again, but we still had a lot of fun.On the second day, I had been drinking one of those Paris Eiffel Tower drinks. I was pretty tipsy by the second to last game, so it was really hard for me to concentrate on daubing, haha. Also, they only take CASH. And like every other hotel, if you sign up for their Rewards Card or Frequent Player Card or whatever they call it, you'll get a discount on your packs. I'm trying to plan our trip next year to come for their $500,000 bingo tournament...yes, we're that big of Bingo fans. We don't care if there's a 50 year age gap or not!!!
5	As a casino, their target audience leans toward the elderly (particularly on Mondays). The casino decor looks dated, especially when you compare it to their neighbors, Rio and Palms (both within walking distance). While Gold Coast has made efforts to bring in some improved dining venues within their establishment (Ping Pang Pong, TGIFriday's...), their main buffet (Ports O'Call) is rather bland and sub-par most of the time. But there are benefits that come along with this. No long lines (well, unless you're redeeming a free gift. SUPER LONG line for that.). Off the Strip so easy enough to get to, right off the freeway. As such, it gets an average rating.But as a hotel, what makes me a fan of this place is that I keep getting free rooms here (as well as the Fremont), from their bconnected.com player's card program. I've been asked by several people I know why I keep getting these offers, and I don't have any particular answer to respond. It's not like my player's card is on a higher tier; I'm still on the beginning ruby level. I'm not elderly by any stretch of the imagination (unless you think turning 32 is old). Perhaps because I've stayed at several Sam Boyd's casinos before, or that I stink at gambling and are trying to lure me for my money... Nevertheless, free hotel stays is always a plus.The latest time made a trip out there (last month), I was pleasantly surprised to see the updated decor of the hotel rooms. Turned out, I was given one of the remodeled premium rooms. Sad that wifi costs about $13-a-day extra though...They also have a bowling alley and exercise room that I have yet to try, and outdoor swimming pool/jacuzzi.The latest benefit I've seen from the B Connected players card is that they took off 5% off gas prices at Rebel gas stations. So awesome.I can overlook the negatives of this place because of all my perks. But that's just me. I'm giving this place a 5, but if the day comes where these types of offers stop rolling in for me, expect a downgrade. We shall see.
4	review is for the Casino and Breakfast Buffet.For $6.50, it's the best breakfast buffet you can get in Vegas.  Stayed at the Rio for three nights, and ate here for breakfast.  Hell, I've even stayed at the Mirage and eaten here for breakfast.The Casino does have that old smoke stinch - especially in the evenings.  In the mornings and afternoons, it's not as bad.GREAT promos throughout the week for gambling.  I believe it was Friday when I went and you got 5x points on Video Poker til 2am Saturday.  10x on regular slots, I think??  Very nice.  9/6 full pay Video Poker at 25 cents, too (you have to find them).  You can't beat that for as close as it is to the Strip.They also do a free NFL Pick the Pros ordeal, where you get a few pick sheets for free in an attempt to win some amount of money.  Not sure what the prizes were, tho.If you're coming for gaming, then it's hard to beat this place.  Quite a few locals come here, so that should tell you something in itself.
4	Goin to Vegas since I was a young in, and staying at the Rio forever...When My siblings and I were all old enough we learned early that drinks at Rio can be expensive, so to counter the cost we 1. Bring a bottle/12 pack to the room.2. Go across the parking lot  to the GC for drinks and to rock out to the live band they have.They always have an Asian band rock-in out to top 40/ salsa and always seems to be a crew of the Asian Persuasion dancing the electric slide to every song.  I'm not mocking them, its a damn good time.  The drinks are regulated now, not as strong as they used to be and the Prices are good.  Liquor store on site and prioces not marked up too crazy there either.Our last few trips to Vegas we stayed here, the rooms are smallish but newly refurbished. We'll Likely stay here again and they're sending me offers like I'm a big shot...BAALLIINNN!!!
5	We stayed at this hotel last weekend for my sister's 21st birthday we had a sweat and omg we loved it, the hotel is clean,smells great and we will be going back,we didnt get a chance to play bingo which we where all sad about... we did have dinner one night there and it was really good... we loved it because we walked to the plams which they have great clubs we will be going back...
4	Gold Coast is underappreciated, in my opinion. It's located right across the street from the Rio (and very nearby to the Palms), and has a huge casino floor for slots and table games. It's always packed with the old-timers, and maybe it doesn't have that douchebag flash that other strip casinos have, but it's a decent place to gamble and eat. Lots of restaurants (chain and original), room to play, and themed nights.
5	ok, after staying here on two different visits, i'm finally ready to review it!i was super pleased with my experience at the gold coast, BOTH times! the first time we booked one of the premium rooms because it was going for the same rate as the standard room (i don't know why, but i wasn't going to complain). this room was really nicely updated and had a good modern feel to it from the dresser to the bathroom (doorless shower and all). i think the only problems about the room were that there is no fridge and in shower, there was a used set of shampoo/conditioner by the window, so i felt that the last maid didn't clean very thoroughly. but both these things didn't upset me because the room was such a good price.second time staying, we used an offer from my bconnected rewards so the room was, once again, a great price but the premium room was an extra $10 and i decided to be cheap and take a standard room. i was a little iffy about this because of reviews about how bad the standard rooms are but thank goodness our room seemed to be a semi-updated standard room! the layout was very similar to our premium room, but with cheaper finishings. the bed seemed just as comfortable with the same beddings as the nice room. the shower/tub was a little small but not a problem for me- i actually thought the shape of the tub was cute :) felt like i was in a spaceship.,. iono, you have to see it to understand, haha. so overall: love that they offer decent-nice rooms at reasonable prices. yes, it`s off the strip but with a car, it`s not a problem and without a car, they have a free shuttle that drops you off next to bally`s. the last shuttle does come back at like midnight thought so you will have to take a cab on those crazier vegas nights. LOVE the casino here because my money lasts longer with $5 min, har har har. the pool was also great! pretty small, nothing crazy, but i'd rather relax at a small, empty pool than at one of the huge, crowded pools at bigger hotels on the strip. also love ping pang pong, the dim sum restaurant in the casino. aaaand also got to do some graveyard bowling for $1 everything (shoes, games, beer?)! so much good stuff, all in one place! GOLD COAST!to summarize:- cheap, nice rooms- cheap table minimums in the casino- good restaurants (ping pang pong)- free shuttle to the strip- bowling alley with great late night specials- non-crowded pool
3	They are a ways off the strip located near the Rio and Palms. I first ended up there by not paying attention and turning into their garage insead of the rio. When i have been there it was mostly an older crowd (carefull i am getting there myself) not over crowded. We have gone for a couple shows. fairly easy to navigate from the garage to the showroom. They do bingo for those of you who like to dab...ble and a 70 lane bowling alley for those of you who like to throw your balls.
2	Good place if you like an older crowd (60 and up). The redzone and tgif's were my favorite spots. The buffet was good..
3	i like this hotel a lot. i haven't actually stayed here, yet. but, my buddies and i are always here during March Madness. the sports book is Awesome! line is always moving and lots of room. they open up one of the halls to show the tournament games. the bars have all the drink specials. the Ports O Call buffet is the BOMB! inexpensive and extremely good quality. try steak night! the staff are very friendly whenever we've run into them. like i said, haven't stayed here yet, hence the 3 stars. however, i also would like to point out one knock... no poker room here. tsk, tsk. oh well, what are you gonna do? the rates here are great and i would love to stay here if they start comping me. hint hint!!!!
3	There is nothing better than walking up to the bar at a casino and having someone buy you a drink with a smile! Well, I experienced that here and I was thrilled! People could be so nice when they are on a hot streak, I guess, or just feeling lucky.I stayed at the Gold Coast for the New Year's weekend and I had a blast. The hotel room is very comfortable and cozy and the casino is rowdy enough to get you started on partying it up. Sure, it's a little old and smells like smoke, but you're in Vegas after all. They have a pretty neat bowling room area if you prefer to try your luck elsewhere. I was surprised to find out that their TGI Fridays served breakfast!
5	Ooh La La!  Viva Las Vegas!SITREPWhen it comes down to it, if I LOVE hanging out at divy bars in San Francisco, Sacramento and Seattle, "logic dictates" that I would also love hanging out at divy hotel-casino-uber-bars in Las Vegas, right?  RIGHT!SETUP For the better part of the last decade, I've enjoyed catching most of the "VIVA LAS VEGAS (VLV)" Rockabilly Band and Swing-Dance conventions here in Las Vegas (often concurrent with Easter Weekend, sometimes not).  Often hosted by Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, and also it's sister-complex the New Orleans, VLV has found a great home at Gold Coast.ROCKIN EVENTS!At the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, the graciously set up areas for VLV to hold it's * Classic Car Show - the outdoor south garage complex top level was completely taken over by souped up cars from the 50s, 60s and before.  Awesome, customized old school cars were revvin their engines to high decibals level.* VLV Burlesque competition - in the Gold Coast music theatre all eyes were on the delicious ladies sauntering around sensually in nothing but sequins & feathers, a total delight to the eyes.  I was so excited when my friend and fellow Seattle-mate VIENNA won the competition!  She is an absolute beauty.* Swing-Dance lessons - in the evening at 7pm-9pm in the Gold Coast Main Ballroom!* Swing-Dance & Rockbilly Band Nights! - in the Gold Coast Main Ballroom!  Every night beginning at 9pm the Bands play and the all-dance begins and continues until 4am!  [No rest for the weary!]* Rockabilly Clothing, Accessories, CDs, etc. etc. VENDING! - in the 2nd Gold Coast Ball Room - I got myself some great Rockabilly shirts, Dickies shirts & Pants for myself and friends.  GREAT STUFF to buy here (or to set up your own vending!)* Restaurants, restaurants & eateries galore!  With choices that I enjoyed ranging from T.G.I.Fridays, Ports O' Call Buffet, the Red Zone, the Noodle Exchange, and the Cortez Room, you will not go hungry!* And, yes, BARS.  You can not turn around without meeting the eyes of a friendly bartender.  So drink up and enjoy!THE LOWDOWNGold Coast Hotel & Casino has provided a remarkably enjoyable, cost-effective and fun time for Rockabilly Fun in conjunction with VLV Weekends.
1	Well I found a cockroach in my room but hey.... At least they have a TGIFridays
3	This place was ok. About average for a vegas hotel. i went on my birthday in april. Thought i would get there premium room. That wasn't too shabby. I hated the bathroom door. Or I should say the sliding door. The toilet it right there in front of it. the nicer rooms just have better paint and are updated. the older cheaper rooms are all the old style rooms and decor. There was no shower door. That was weird water all over the place. no comforter. i had to call and make sure they didn't forget to put one. there beds don't come with one. What the hell. the bed looks nice but when im cold I want some thing better than a sheet with a blanket on top. Over all it was not a bad experience i just expected more. But what do i expect for an old off the strip smaller casino hotel.
3	Spent time at the place not the rooms. Excellent salsa band and salsa event. The overall layout and game tables where nice. Good amount of parking and friendly staff
3	This bingo hall is HUGE, the seating is fine.  Sometimes the clerks are turkeys but it depends on who you get for the most part the people are ok. The drinks are free, and they have aquafina water not cheapo water. It's located upstairs near some slots and restrooms so if you arrive early you can be comfortable and get ready, change your clothes etc for visitors and realsx and play keno before you go in. I never win but thats my luck, Good luck to all that play.
3	When I'm in vegas I stay at the coast its a nice spot not to close to the strip and not too far and its got everything I need
2	The casino floor smells weirdly of cheap car air fresheners.  But once you get used to it, it covers the smell of old people pretty well.Even the staff seemed peri-menopausal.  But whatever, it's a chilled out place to play if you're cool with that.
3	If you like Asians, then this is your hotel. Busloads from China or LA arrive daily. You cannot leave your room without running into an asian in the hallway, at the buffet, in the parking lot or obviously at the two noodle places. The rooms were $29 bucks on the third floor and my only real complaint was that the doors slam too loudly. The King beds were nice and the AC did crank rather well. They even threw in a $10 buffet credit each day and that was nice cause you can eat oince for the whole day. I guess it's better thna the price, but I wouldn't go a weekends or pay more than $50 for this place. Still, nota  bad value if you can get the same deal I received. Oh yeah, the pool is tiny for a place like this and then they have that annoying, "show your room key" at night thing before you can ridev the elevator. Ok and if somebody without a room key goes upstairs, then what is going to happen? Lose this dumb policy. No wifi anywhere in hotel either - unless you want to pay $12. Starbucks is right up on Flamingo.
4	Okay, not a glitzy strip casino but one that probably had its best days many, many moons ago.  Since this is a locals casino, the dealers tend to be quite friendly.  As a blackjack player, my attraction to this place is that they allow you to play two hands at the table minimum unlike most other casinos where one must play twice the table minumum.  So if you're in the mood for a different change of pace from the noisy and busy strip motels, take a walk on the locals side of life.
4	Meeting Space review only: Recently a group I'm affiliated with rented the Arizona ballroom at the Gold Coast for an event. When I first heard of the location I was like "Gold Coast? Really?" Yes, really as in they really blew me away in a lot of different ways. From the minute we went up the escalator to the ballrooms things just worked and went off without a hitch. Also the sound quality was very good and exceeded my expectations by a long shot and didn't hurt my ears or leave me cringing as other places tend to do. They advertise that they are "equipped with ultra-modern lighting and sound systems". I wouldn't go so far as to say ultra-modern but what they have flat out worked without fuss and was setup by someone who was very helpful and knew what they were doing. (Turning out individual lights above our screens without having to ask is attention to detail that I really like!) Our meeting space was one of the better ones I've been into at this size and price point in Vegas to date. And our food service was surprisingly good. If I wrote a Yelp review on the food service alone it would easily get 4 stars. (Iced tea that tasted like tea, a Caesar salad that didn't taste like bulk salad, a main plate that most people in our group finished off, and even the chocolate and carrot cakes didn't last very long on a lot of tables.)Overall my experience with the Gold Coast was not bad at all. I do wish they had variable message signing that could have welcomed our group like other places do. I also dislike the fact that many of our participants couldn't find the Arizona ballroom without having to ask for directions. Internal casino signage for the rooms demands improvement. And the other group using the ballroom across the hall was an interesting group to have next to our professional group with invited media personalities and others C-List type local celebrities in their own minds running amuk.  (Excluding a certain local media person who is very much respected in our circles). But that's a tangent and a story for another time. The Gold Coast is a great place to hold a meeting and I look forward to returning there in the not so distant future.Disclaimer: Some verbiage in this review was intentionally crafted to protect privacy while still giving me the opportunity to write a review. Protecting the not-so-innocent is a Vegas tradition (wink, wink)
3	Located on Flamingo right next door to the Rio. it is in walking distance to the Las Vegas Strip if you like to walk , but it is not such nice walk (on a freeway overpass) . That being said this place is a bit of a gem. Very reasonable rates, although not the swankiest place in Las Vegas. Coast properties tend to have a lot of amenities, making them self-sufficient. In other words you can stay here, not leave and still have a great pick of restaurants and the like. So if you are on a budget and want something a bit laid back give this place a look. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Was in Vegas frm  a Tuesday night to Sunday, so about a week, what I noticed is that the Gold Coast is an older hotel/casino, but it has a good vibe! The staff and front desk were friendly and helpful. I couldn't even tell you how many times I locked myself out of my room, friends had a room across from me and I would simply walk out of my room right into theirs. I swear I did it at least 10 times, but the staff never complained or gave me a hard time. Housekeeping was friendly and polite. Even with the 3 buck a day resort fee it was still the best bang for my buck! 192 for the entire week! Not bad I say!  There was a free shuttle to take you to the strip, I got to check out other big casinos, sip my drink & see Vegas.  I wouldn't mind staying their another time!
3	This review is for the hotel and the buffet. We stayed here the past weekend from Thursday-Sunday. I offered to help babysit my little cousins (7 and 9) for my aunt and uncle. This hotel isn't on the strip, it's right next to the Rio and across from the Palms. While it may be a little out of the way for those looking to just party, I think it was great for those that look for a quieter scene, particularly older people and families. It's a cheap casino, no doubt about that. Nevertheless, the rooms weren't awful, and seeing as we just wanted a place to sleep, the hotel is a great price. The buffets, on the other hand, are really cheap. Most people imagine awesome buffets when they think of a casino (well, after they think of winning the jackpot). However, the one place you shouldn't scrimp on costs in Las Vegas, is its buffets. Gold Coast buffet is really cheap, and honestly, totally not worth it. The food is differentiated into separate parts - italian, mongolian, chinese, american, and I think one other. Either way - it's kind of awful. A lot of the food looked really old, a lot of it wasn't cooked properly, and a lot of it wasn't seasoned correctly. We came here for breakfast, brunch, and dinner. I didn't really enjoy any of them. At the end, I realized that Hometown Buffet was better and the same price. Some may think it's good enough for when you need some refuel for gambling, but I say, go next door to Rio or try another place! Overall, come here for a cheap room!
4	The go-to bachelor party spot over the years...because it's cheap. Starting at the bar (name not disclosed) in Dana Point which opens at the legal time of 6:00 am, we then drag our groom (hereinafter known as the "patient") over to Mastros Ocean Club for a late breakfast/lunch until he pukes up his beef carpaccio into the bathroom sink troughs at about 1:00.Then said patient is chauffeured up to the Gold Coast (aka "Moldy Coast") via a couple of factory stores and the Baker Taco Bell where patient is kept warm in the Suburban sitting in the sandy parking lot.Minor quibble--The understaffed check in is quite a bear since the line gets long and one's back can go out holding the patient a la "Weekend at Bernies".Other minor quibble--If you need to soak the puke off your clothes, the pool is rather small and crowded.Convenient since the Palms (and their security personnel) is across the street, and it's easier to drag the groom back to his oversized room without fighting the Strip traffic.If security won't let us back into the Palms, there's the Rio across the street, also within dragging distance.
5	This hotel and casino has been mentioned SO many time in The Killers' interviews, it's pretty much the second most famous hotel in LV for fans. Why? Because singer Brandon Flowers was a humble bellhop here when he formed the band and until they were signed. Brandon has some interesting stories from there, like being sent by visitors to pick up condoms and unintentionally walking in on some orgies. Wild times to be had here, clearly! More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
4	This hotel is located near the Rio and Palms. I've stayed at this hotel twice already since they always offer their B Connected card members free stays, plus their staff is extremely friendly and welcoming at the front desk. They also have a free shuttle that takes you the the strip.The hotel isn't too bad. They do have good restaurants though. Ping Pang Pong is a pretty good Chinese restaurant, but they do have to work on their service. And they have a TGIF that's open 24/7 for those late clubbing/gambling nights... or mornings.As for the hotel rooms, you get what you pay for. They're not extravagent, but they're not ugly. My room was free, I didn't really care too much how it looked like as long as it wasn't ghetto.The only downside is that the parking lot is so far away from the hotel rooms.
1	Lets see 1st the TV and toilet were broke when i got there , I drove in from LA got there late just wanted to sleep , they were going to send someone up to fix this stuff while i waited. I convinced them into giving me a new room. I  go to my truck to drive to the convention i was doing , and discover my truck was broken into , my gps, sub woofer, skateboard , and everything else that wast bolted down was stolen.. so security in the parking garage was horrible.   I gambled for 5 straight hours on a saturday night and not one person asked me if i wanted a drink .The last day when i checked out I told the guy at the front desk how un happy i was about the gold coast experience , and he looked at me and shrugged ... no offer of anything to make me feel better..  the one star i gave it was based on the fact that i won a little cash ... I seriously advise anyone looking for a hotel in vegas to stay clear from this place . I work in the entertainment business and travel all over , and this by far is the most horrible hotel experience I've ever encountered . If you want to have a fun time in vegas ..STAY SOME WHERE ELSE!!!
4	They comp me all the time, last visit they comp + Upgrade me to a suite. The suite was having it's carpet cleaned, but w/e free is free.I like to gamble the craps tables, but do so with moderation considering it's where I normally stay!!! (Caution: avoid gambling where you can sleep)Avoid the roulette table here. They'll just smile at you as you keep losing.Has a Friday's open 24/7..
4	First time playing Bingo here in Vegas.  This bingo hall is nice.  Separate smoking and non-smoking sections.  The staff were really helpful too.
4	Have never been in the rooms.. but a place that has bingo and bowling?  Sign me up.  I'm semi in love with bingo and they make it as easy as possible.  2 drinks plus a machine that tells you pretty much to stand up and yell bingo.  Works for me.  Dinner at Ping Pang Pong was decent.  I think they must have undercharged us which nobody complains about.  They had my favorite slot machine and I won 23 dollars(on a penny machine).  Then Bingo and Cosmic Bowling.  Can't complain.  I may come back if it's my 11 anniversary and I wanted to spend it with all my friends.  I likely would never have found this place if not for the anniversary party but now I'm obsessed with Bingo!
4	Rooms:This place is going through renovations but that doesn't take away from its quality.  From their premium rooms to their penthouse suites, I can honestly say they are doing things right.As for their casino:It's large enough and provides tons of penny machines, video poker and all sorts of table games.  If you plan on gaming be sure to sign up for the B Connected Card to earn free meals and rooms.  Staff:From front desk to VIP Hosts, Gold Coast knows how to keep people coming back.  Everyone provides 11 out of 10 customer service. Give this place a try and remember to not judge a book or casino in this case by its cover (facade)
5	so i've been to vegas tons of times, but playing bingo this past trip was a first for me and i have to say that i actually really liked it! we were staying on the strip, but its only a $10 cab ride (one-way) to Gold Coast for their bingo sessions which happen every other hour. showed up right as the 9pm session was about to start so our group felt way behind/stressed during the first couple of games. we didnt have our dobbers or sheets ready to go by the time the first numbers were read! dobbers (markers) can be purchased for $1 at a vending machine since i think paper sheets are way more fun and interactive than the electronic computers. for $25 or so, we got the 'tan' sheets which offer a higher jackpot payout along with some other bonus games. there were cheaper game sets that we could have purchased but went with the cashier's recommendation. once i was caught up from the initial frenzy of getting my sheets/numbers together, i was into it! i thought it was fairly easy to keep up with the numbers as they were read off and if you fell behind, there are huge screens everywhere so you can double check things. they play different ways to get bingo each time like one game was a 'postage stamp' which was getting a 2 x 2 square to win. even better than trying to win money for each game though is the open bar! our group were the troublemakers in the back of the hall, taking shots of jack and getting our money's worth in drinks haha. what better way for an hour and a half of entertainment/drinks for $25! only bummer was that none of us actually won any games but at least we had fun trying!
5	I have stayed here many times. The last time was just as good as the first. Jane is a supervisor at the counter, and if there is a problem ask for her. She helped me out this last time. The girl at the desk, you could tell was new, wouldn't give me the king bed we ordered. Said that the room is guaranteed not the bed. Well Jane fixed it. Granted it was a smoking room (I don't smoke) but they use freshener and such, couldn't even tell. The newly redecorated rooms are GREAT! Some things to know... Every day from about 10am -5pm (my times may be off) by the sports book they have a hot dog cart. Hot dogs are $1.50. not a bad lunch. the pastries at the coffee shop go to half off about 8pm or so. Actually at different times but in the eves and the muffins are still moist. The ice cream place serves monster big scoops, I am 6'1" 225 and one scoop is really enough. had 2 scoops the first time and ate it all. About got sick. The Dim Sum restaurant is not cheap but not too expensive, and is great for lunch. but get there early or you will be waiting ina long line. Their breakfast buffet is a MUST. It is $5.99 with a players card and has an omelet bar and a whole bunch more. you will NOT need lunch on the days you eat there. Oh but there is a brunch instead of a breakfast on sunday, I think brunch is french for "add a bunch of money and cheap champagne". I'd recommend any day BUT sunday. The only problem I see is that I am an early riser and no coffeee except for in room til 6am. Well you can get it at the slots but cocktail service early morning is non-existent til about 7am and the coffee place doesn't open til 6am. the buffet doesn't open til 7am. Yes a lot of old folks in there but I like that, its not a party casino.Well I like this place. My 5 star rating is for the price and value. its not as good as Venetian or the other expensive places, but you get a whole lot for your money.
2	This review is for the Bingo held at Gold Coast.  This was the fastest Bingo I've ever played in my life.  The numbers were called so fast, I had a headache by the time the session was over.  I prefer a more relaxed game of Bingo.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 11/100*This review is specific to the Nevada Ballroom located on the 2nd floor that accomodated today's Senior Spotlight SpectacularThe great thing about holding an event such as today's at a Casino has a lot to do - or so I've learnt -  with the amount of advertising/promotion it is given. People, young and old, were flowing in and out of here almost endlessly around the early afternoon hours. Around 82 tables were laid out neatly by the hotel staff with their thoughtful provision of tablecloths and balloons to spice up the atmosphere. Profit/Non-Profit Organizations such as Humana, Valley Health, the Alzheimer's Association and even private medical practitioners who needed to promote their services had pamphlets, brochures, DVDs, and other free goodies ready for the taking as well as volunteers eagerly awaiting any questions consumers might have. My friend and I were stationed at the Alzheimer's Association table for most of the day and another advantage of the way things were arranged was that we were just a few feet away from other tables, close enough to chat them up and learn about the services they provide. There was also a stage set up on the far right corner of the ballroom where folks got to enjoy a line-up of entertainment including a magic show and a Neil Diamond impersonator! There was not a whiff of cigarette smoke 'sniffable' at the venue and everything was well-managed, well-organized, well-planned out.
3	When you are traveling on a budget, it can be tough to find a clean and updated room in Vegas for under fifty dollars. I was pleasantly surprised by Gold Coast. I was attending a conference across the street at Rio, but wanted to get a less expensive guest room. Gold Coast was a great option for me.It was easy to go back and forth between the hotels. It's always nice when you can walk into a casino and get to the guest room elevator without too much hassle. Door to door in 3 minutes. Rooms are basic, but clean and updated. Linens and beds were nice, no problems with electricity or plumbing (always seems to be common issue in big hotels, but not here). There were food options available at all times of the day, but I mostly ate elsewhere.It's two blocks off of the Flamingo Exit off I-15, and parking is easy. Drive up to the 3rd level and you get a skybridge to take you into the casino that's air-conditioned with escalators.
1	I had a reservation for a solid week at this place. I am a regular vegas patron and ALWAYS stay at different properties. I have stayed at nearly every strip  and downtown hotel. Now on to the off strip places that supposedly favor their guests. i am a heavy gambler and my entire week was comped via my extravagant play. I made it to the check in desk and was greeted  by a woman who obviously did not  want to be at work. She kept answering the phone and taking reservations while I was standing there waiting. After 3 calls I told myself if she doesn't take care of the guest in her face (ME) then I'm gone. So I check in, as as she is printing the keys I again have to wait so she can take a call..30 minutes into this 2 minute process I told her to cancel my reservation and I called Ceasars properties and was comped there for my stay. This place is a dive and I wouldn't stay here for free.  Get with it Gold Coast or u will be going the way of the sands and Sahara.
4	I probably visit GC at least 2 times a month.  It teeters on the brink of being on my "casino banned" list but as of late, its still a go.  Rooms - i've never stayed at the GC but i've been comped rooms several times which i've used for out-of-towners.  Generally speaking, they've given favorable comments about the rooms. The rooms are somewhat basic in looks/features but what should one expect ?Restaurants - a mixed bag - the buffet sucks, Friday's is , well, Friday's ( i do like their happy hour ), the coffee shop is average at best.  Their high end spot, the Cortez Room is tolerable especially since i only eat their on a comp.  I'm  big fan of Ping Pang Pong, specifically, their dim sum - i normally use my food comps there.  Noodle Exchange - haven't been in over a year but it was ok last time i was their.Entertainment - never bowled there  and i've never seen a show so not sure.Casino - i enjoy the bingo room but haven't hit it in over 6 monthsmachines - ehhhh.  Decent choices just don't wine too often although i did hit 4 aces for a $500 jackpot using  $25 free play so i can't complaint too much.tables - only play craps and blackjack, mainly craps.  They have fire bet but they need to step up on their odds - other local casinos are 10x to 20x but Gold Coast is dragging their heals and i'm sure this is affecting their customer base.  Still, i like the craps there.sports betting - decent - no frills, i make most of my sports bets here.Comps - they are generous with the table comps but major ding for not allowing me to use a comp at the gift shop !Parking is reasonable given they have fairly small parking structures.
3	Attended a chamber luncheon here and I have to say for banquet food it was very good. I also have to commend Shana House and her team for their professionalism, service and Shana's welcoming personality. If I were booking a banquet event I would call Shana because of the food quality, service and her outgoing nature...she greeted me, made sure I had what I needed and gave me her card.
3	Yes, the Gold Coast is old, yes it's a dive, yes the buffet is probably the worst in Vegas, and yes the pool is probably the smallest. But if you're on a budget and just want a cheap place to stay, the Gold Coast is pretty decent. The rooms aren't fancy, but they're not bad either, the casino is a pretty good size, they've got a cute little sports bar area, cheap drinks, a couple restaurants to choose from, a basic gift shop/liquor store, and overall a relaxed, casual vibe. There's also a shuttle service that goes back and forth to the strip. Oh, and everyone that works here was extremely nice and helpful in my experience, which is always a huge plus.Going to Vegas on a major budget? You've got your answer.
2	They need so much help with their security system in the Bowling Alley.  We had some things stolen.  ....they also need to get that Friday's out of there.  Baaaad service.  Baaad
5	I'm biased because I used a 2-night stay comp & got upgraded to a suite using the $20 trick.Cons: - Average casino, pales next to it's neighbors down the street Rio & Palms.  Still better than Arizona Charlie's and other questionable casinos.- Being a cheaper casino, shiftier clientele than say Wynn or Bellagio.- On blackjack tables can only split Aces once on the machine-shuffle tables (on the Super Fun 21 table you can split more than once).  At Station Casino properties you can split Aces at least twice (I think up to 3 times should you actually get that many consecutive Aces).Pros:- Used a free 2-night comp (valid for Sun - Thu night for a free stay) and checked in Mon/29 Apr.  During checked in used the $20 trick (discretely include an Andrew Jackson while handing over the driver's license & credit card to the check-in clerk) and was upgraded to a suite.  I think checking in on a Monday (slow day), when more suites are available, helped.- Clerk asked if I wanted north (looking at mountains) or south (see Palms/etc) facing room and chose south.  Got room 1041 (10th floor being the top floor) and it's a spacious suite with nice views.- Gold Coast has a swimming pool and fitness center.  It's TGIFridays has free wi-fi or inside the I can opt for the 24 hrs of wi-fi service for just $4.99.- Has 24/7 $5 blackjack tables.
2	Be sure to ask for an even number room if staying here.  The odd number rooms are on the outside of the building and the noise from the trucks and personnel are quite disturbing - ALL DAY LONGThere is no cafe so the only place to get breakfast is TGIF or the buffet.  It is possible to walk across the street to the Palms or Rio where there are nice cafes.The casino is ok but even for a low rate, I think there are better places to stay in Vegas.
1	My family and I are frequent visitors of Las Vegas and on many ocassions we stayed at the gold coast as it is convenient to us as well as being a decent property. on my last trip I will have to say it was the most horrible visit I ever had to this place. the front desk is extremly rude,they lie to you right in front of your face, they tell you that you have comps on your account then when you check out they tell you nothing is on your account...strange how they treat guests in this dump...I will never do busisness with any of the hotels from boyd gaming as they don't care about guest service or satisfaction...if you want decent service and to visit a place where you feel like a guest, avoid this place at all cost's it's not worth it....They like to claim they have good guest service but when you send them complaints or inquiry's thru there own site they completly ignore you.. the computer generates a we will respond with in a day or so to your concern but good luck with actually getting a human to respond!!! like I said horrible service
3	Just completed a weekend stay.  Room was nice, recently updated so I have no complaints.  I was on a non-smoking floor (6th); while I smelled cigarette smoke from time to time I don't attribute fault to the Hotel.  My complaint is regarding the restaurants.  Went to the Noodle Exchange for dinner on Friday.  These have got to be the RUDEST people I have ever encountered and the food was mediocre at BEST!  Went to the Sunday brunch in the buffet on Sunday.  Was ABSOLUTELY the worse buffet I have EVER had in my life.  Seriously.   I did stop at the sports lounge on Sat and had the wings (pretty good) and the bartender was very friendly.  Stay away from the restaurants if you stay at Gold Coast!
3	Not a bad locals casino...just showing it's age and still a bit smokey.Came here with my Dad and Uncle to eat at Ping Pang Pong, which was good for the most part.  Not great, but good in my book.Can't really say much about the rooms or the rest of the hotel...just that the games are a bit cheaper here, and the age and smoke already mentioned.If you are a tourist, I wouldn't really bother...just a locals spot for the people that want cheaper games and less traffic coming in and out.
5	I know, I know. Gold Coast, 5 stars?! Really?! Yes, really. And I can give you a list of reasons why you'll be very surprised staying here. In fact, that's just what I'll do. Give you a list. (1) The odds of winning here is unbelievable! I witness my first fire bet winning at a Craps table!!(2) So much space. Unlike other casinos with $5 craps and $5 blackjack, you'll have room to join in on a table without standing around waiting for someone to leave. (3) Don't you hate the overbearing cigarette smells? Me too. It's not as bad here, in my opinion.(4) Newly remodeled room. Unlike IP, the rooms here have flat screen TV, nice bedding and sheets, very clean bathroom, and actually modern.(5) SO CHEAP SO CHEAP. That should be enough of a reason.(6) Plenty of parking. Whether you want to park in the structure or in the open lot. It's never full and you definitely don't spend a good 30 minute just driving around trying to find a open spot. (7) Decent Asian food. Morning dim sum and chow mein dinner in your room before the clubs! Ping Pang Pong. (8) Very nice staff. People here are so willing to help and they say good morning and how are you, I love the hospitality. I don't know about you guys, but my recent stay here really won me over as a loyal guest. Decent prices, nice rooms, and winnings, how can I not want to come back soon?
3	This is an ok hotel, I believe much better than Circus Circus. As a child my family would stay here because its a good price for a hotel in Las Vegas and its not a dirty hotel. Age wise you don't really see a lot of children it's much more for senior citizens, my grandfather stays here every year he goes, but I do believe its just so relaxing for a hotel they have a regular sized pool and a Jacuzzi with some recreational seating. The rooms aren't modern but there clean and a good size, it's a lot cheaper to gamble here and its very easy to win. Say I stay at the Bellagio in Vegas instead of eating breakfast there my family would come to Gold Coast buffet (Port's O'Call) which is cheap but so delicious they make the best omelets ever!
1	This place sucks so bad!! Got a noise complaint when I wasn't even in my room! They charged me 500% for a room.... Literally nuts here. Never stay here unless you want psychos to hang out with you
3	We were in town for the WSOP Seniors' Tournament and picked the Gold Coast as a place to stay as close to the Rio as possible. Overall, we were happy with our stay here. Pros: 1. spacious well-ventilated casino 2. great food - TGI Friday's for cheap breakfast, Asian noodle bar with the best authentic noodle and rice dishes, handy Subway for a quick sandwich any time of day 3. quick check in and out4. Advantage car rental desk at the front of the casino, with cars on site5. great newly refurbished rooms with modern decor and flat screen TVs6. abundant security on duty, who ask to see your room card before you go up in the elevators in the evening and at nightCons:1. super SLOW bar service - in the casino and at TGI Fridays. The bartenders in the casino were more concerned with filling the casino floor waitresses' trays with drinks than serving customers at the bar. No eye contact. Nothing. They didn't even acknowledge our presence. (same issue next door at the Rio) When we went to our room and called the manager on duty at Fridays to complain, we got a couple of Heinekens delivered to our room for free. 2. The casino charges for trivial things, such as Wi fi or a refrigerator for your room.Overall, we were pleased with the Gold Coast and would stay there again. The bar issue pissed us off, because we'd just spent the afternoon at Hoover Dam in 107 degree heat and were really looking forward to a couple of cold beers.
5	This review is for the Casino only.....I know people will get up in arms about the Gold Coast Hotel, it isn't luxurious, hell I didn't even know this place existed! After a lackluster walk around the Palms, we had time to kill so why not? First of all, it's a well known secret that the more you get off the Strip, the better your odds will be at winning. I of course didn't know this until I lost a lot, but hey, ish happens. The first thing that draw me to Gold Coast was it''s gaudy design on the outside: white, Spartan, no windows, etc. Is it a casino or some secret sect? The design wouldn't survive on the Strip, and it wasn't meant for the strip. Second thing I noticed when I walked through the door is the waif of Asian food, the median age was probably 68, the 1970's carpets = pure freakin paradise. What really sold me is that I was able to play my first game of Roulette without getting the stink eye from the high rollers. $5 minimum bet, a hilarious Russian dealer, and bam, bam, bam I doubled my $$$.
4	Our cabbie told us this is the spot where he goes to game, as do a lot of other locals.Yes, the pool is tiny and so are the elevators. But our room wasn't all that skanky, the sink was Kohler and the water pressure/temperature in the shower was much better than the ~*kewl*~ Paris Las Vegas hotel we stayed at for 3 days of our trip. My only gripe is that our bed was kinda tiny and I kicked my boyfriend off. I was scared the service would be less good here, but both employees of the hotel we dealt with were very friendly and professional. Also, special shout out to the casino cashier who complimented my purse+dress and made conversation with me. She was sweet.Do check out the bowling floor, which is awesome. $1.50 beers and $5 a game.Don't go to TGI Fridays or the buffet (looks ew). Go to Noodle Exchange. (See separate review of Noodle Exchange on my page.) p.s. I won $10 on the slots. I've never won anything on a slot before. GO ME
5	Good hotel at low rate, sign up for their email list and get special offers. They renovated the rooms so its nice and fresh. Wine shop down at the lobby offers great prices on alcohol sometimes even cheaper than supermarket, surprising to me since most of the hotel shops charges 3x the price. Both Chinese food restaurants are have good food but service is just ok. Good buffet lots of choices for a good price. I highly recommend this if you don't mind a hotel away from the strip and have  a car.
2	I'll be honest. I only come to this hotel because it's close to one of my relatives in Las Vegas and this place gives me free rooms on certain days (to include some weekends). Let me remind some people of something. You get what you pay for. In this case you may have paid too much. Rooms are 300 - 350 sq ft blah blah blah, here's the point.CONS;-Been here on many occasions and hot water in the shower seems to be non existence at this establishment. -The carpet floor seems to get dirtier and dirtier each visit. -Housekeeping takes forever to respond or fix a problem.-Avoid the buffet here. PROS; -Spend enough money here under your player's card and you could get free rooms. If you gambled a few hundred dollars, they will literally send you mail with free room offers. -Ping Pang Pong has some really good dim sum. -TGIF is 24/7.Parking; -Self & ValetService; -Is okay. Could be a little better. Entertainment;-BowlingCasino Gaming. Staff seems unfriendly. ESPECIALLY in the sports book. OVERALL;-Only come here for Ping Pang Pong.-Non frequent travelers to Las Vegas must avoid ruining their LV experience when visiting. Yes you can say you're only going to use your room for sleep, but make it a comfy sleep.-Frequent travelers to Las Vegas. This is your time to be "balin' on a budget."
2	The rooms are nice, its not too far from the strip, and parking is convenient. The only bad thing about staying here would be the clientele. On my way down stairs I walked past a super shady dude with a bloody nose and black eye, and a group of what looked like crack addicts.
3	Love to stay here especially when they give me comp rooms. Ask a room close to the elevator, their hallways are long...  Rooms aren't fancy but close enough to the strip when you have a car.  The food court is good.
1	Buffet here is terrible on Friday night seafood buffet! Crab was so dry it wouldn't come out of the shell! And for $20 bucks per person, the Alliante Friday night seafood buffet is much more worth it!
4	Gold Coast Casino is a small Hotel/ Casinos for the locals. The staff is friendly. The hotel itself is ok. The room was what I expected from a smaller casino with a decent room. The only complaint I have is the room smelled and ac was not cold enough in our room. There is a small 9.99 resort fee that is posted all over the front desk. There is a Chinese Restaurant called Ping Pong Pang that is open fairly late and the dim sum here is good.I would come stay again here. Its a good hotel for the price. =)
3	Solid 3 Stars - If the rooms were recently remodeled, I'm really scared to imagine what it looked like before! The rooms now nice & decent - still small, but it will do. We got our rooms comp'ed so free is aways good! 2 Bedroom, but the bed's were not Queen - They were full instead (luckily we were all small, so it didn't really matter). The bathroom door didn't close all the way, so it was weird, but okay. The funkiest thing was that the shower was nice, but there was no shower door (???). It was a rainwater stand up shower, and had glass on one side, but not the other. I thought I was losing it, but either they ran out of $$$ and couldn't afford to complete the remodel, or it really didn't come with doors. So anyway, there was a lot of water splashed on the floor, so hope they won't have a problem with mold in the future. Hallways were quite scary though 'cuz you could smell gross things and one time we saw security walking up and down our floor. Casino Lobby is okay - Just your typical casino - I actually like it here because the tables and slots are cheap! The only bad thing is the waitresses RARELY get drink orders around the slot machines, but once you know the route of one, you're in good standing. Great selection of restaurants and cheap eats & drinks - Just gotta pay attention to the times that the promotions are valid from. Only bad thing is that there's no poker room here, but I guess I can't have it all. Overall - Okay and I MAY be back (maybe just for cheap food & drinks).
2	Generally I love staying at the Gold Coast.  It's reasonably priced and convenient to the Strip. But their new $9.99 resort fee is a gouge now. Also beware of certain rooms. Those on the casino side, especially directly behind the showroom will keep you up until 2am most weekend nights.  And I've now found another one that should be avoided at all costs -- Room 101.  The noisy vibrations in the room from the mechanical room next door and a loose ventilation duct is like having the room next to the engine room on a cruise ship.  It kept us up all night. The only time when you don't hear of feel the vibrations is when the room's HVAC comes on.  The AC compressor is loud enough to drown out the other. This room needs an OSHA warning sign on the door: "hearing protection required."  Can't hurt as it's already a handicapped/special assistance room.
4	Wow! Nice comfy feeling here, casino, bowling alley , decent food prices: $1.50 hot dogs, noodle shop $6.99, I really like the feel, shuttle that runs to Orleans then Bally's and back. Come on now don't gamble with your stay too!Only downside, Beig a non smoker because of the low ceiling you notice the cigarette smoke more here than the other casinos.
3	Review for casino/bar only. This is a smallish, older casino so don't expect the atmosphere of one of the strip's mega casinos. There seems to be an older crowd and lots of smoke here. The drink service was just okay but it wasn't too crowded so you could eventually get a beverage. Their main bar is a TGI Fridays which sounds lame but was a decent bar with late night specials and really friendly bartenders.I wouldn't make a special trip from the strip to come here but I was staying at the Rio next door and am glad I checked this place out.
4	Stayed at MGM for a conference. Checked in at the airport so saved time waiting in a long line to check in at the hotel. The room is a good size and was clean. The restaurants and shops had a nice variety. Just really dark and drab inside the hotel. The pool was beautiful. The hotel is a bit smoky and can smell the smoke up to my room on 22nd floor. Good location.
5	For the amount I paid for this room was absolutely amazing! No views, but hey your in Vegas - you planned on staying inside and looking out the window? No, no you don't...Clean and very updated... the only bad thing was the smell in the hallway was weird... fruit or something but weird. Clean room, clean linens and updated furniture! Would definitely stay here again!
5	So, I'm in room 878... It is the last room on this floor to the left post elevators. I don't know about you, but I have a but I have a breeze in my room. Its a super nice hotel for the price you pay. The people working at TGIF are super cool. Tip them well because I accidentally didn't. It's super windy out and with being the last room we have the emergency exit across the way. There is a natural wind draft through this room and I'm assuming all rooms at each end of the hotel throughout the various floors. It's kinda fun. It took us a while to figure how to deal with the whistling. For all people in my situation, open you door and bathroom window. Put that security lock thing on the door. No more whistle and we have a breeze!! Very happy with my stay. Only in Vegas right?!
2	Ok, it's time to update this review.  We stayed here for 3 nights on a recent Vegas trip and during all 3 nights, at least 1 elevator was out of order which caused a traffic jam to go up/down the hotel tower.  It took FOREVER to get back to our room!  Besides that, all of the same things are still here....bad cigarette smoke and the food options are terrible....except for Ping Pang Pong, which is the only reason why I gave this place 2 Stars instead of 1.Return Factor 10% (to eat at Ping Pang Pong)
4	After getting screwed at the Flamingo (see my review on Yelp) I was scrambling for a place to stay at midnight on Mon Nov 18th.  And the Gold Coast completely saved me with a GREAT newly refurbed room at a GREAT price (much cheaper than the Motel 6 that I was contemplating at that point).   The Gold Coast had a bell captain on duty to help me with my bags, and most importantly they SAVED MY NIGHT from my disastrous experience at the Flamingo.  I had visited the GC a couple of times previously, but now they're first on my list as a "go-to" place in Vegas.  Its easier and less hassle than the Strip and it offers good rooms, gambling, and eateries.  A real Vegas gem, 4 Stars with special emphasis on ease and comfort !!   Thanks again, Gold Coast !!
2	It's conveniently located across from The Palms if you're attending a function there (like me - wedding at the Palms).  It's definitely the cheaper alternative and much more family oriented.  Most of the people that stay at the Gold Coast seem to be older folks and families that drove to Vegas.  The hotel is about a 5 minute drive away from the Strip, but would be inconvenient to those that are without a car.During my most recent visit to Vegas for a wedding, staying here was actually my first time not living on the Strip.  This hotel is a bit run down, and definitely not luxurious like the Cosmo, Mandarin, Venetian, Wynn etc. etc. but they did attempt to remodel their rooms.  Their rooms aren't too bad... a bit small and very dimly lit (something that my mother and I both did not like).  It didn't really have a screaming cleanly feel to it, and why was there no freaken hot water for my shower in the morning?!?!  I was showering in BARELY lukewarm water and it felt like the water was dripping from the shower head!!!  I was freezing by the time I was done.  x____xI probably wouldn't come stay again, but please do something about the lighting in the room and the shower head!
4	I put $2 in a poker machine and won $500 in two games. Would def go back!
2	A dingy smokey old casino.  I never stayed here, because if they can't  keep their casino up to date, I can imagine that their rooms are the same.  I've received comps, but still refuse to come because of this and mainly because it's not on the strip.  They don't do enough to lure me back.  Slot players like the place because of the variety of the slots and they seem to have newer machines,  But I'm not a slot player.  So, come here for cheap tables, but those can be found at nicer off strip casinos like Orleans, Palms and the adequate Rio.
1	To the proprietors of the Gold Coast Buffet. Right now it is about to turn Christmas Day and my family ate at the Buffet for lunch, and my wife is now going on 10 hours of food poisoning as diagnosed by the EMT who came to our room at the Rio. Anybody who eats here, avoid the buffet. My daughter has been freaking out seeing her mom sick. Merry Christmas!
3	This may be the best or the worst hotel you choose. Depending on your personality. For us the place smelled like sausage, not just tasty savory sausage, like burp sausage and sweat. After looking past that its a decent stat at las vegas. Cheap. And affordable, but remember taxis are double or triple the regular price here. It took us about 40 bucks to get to mgm. Calculate all the taxi rides and you have yourself a stay at the Bellagio.  Anyways, the hotel itself was shelter, so it was cool. But, my coffee machine didn't work, the bathroom had shit stains on the ceiling, and the tup would fill up with water while showering.  If you can look past all that or you can walk a lot, or you have serious cash to blow, then this is an OK place to be.
5	Hotel rooms are really nice with a contemporary look. The price is really good and there is a shuttle that runs to Ballys on the strip until midnight. It's right across from the palms and the rio which have some cool bars to hangout at. The 9.99 per day resort fee sucks but it includes wifi for up to 3 devices. Overall it's a great deal for the quality of room you get. Make sure to get a players card for the comps!
3	I read the reviews after we booked the room through a Southwest Airlines package.  I have to say that my son and I were really pleased with the room.  It was a great place to watch the bowl games with plenty of room, including a small sectional couch.  We were also happy with the meals that we had.  The fitness room was also adequate.  Overall, we are having a nice experience.  We used the shuttle to go to the strip, but I could see it being a but far if you have a need to spend a lot of time on the strip.  My only other time here was for a convention and we had lunch after.  That was also a good experience.  If you want  to drink in your room, I would recommend bringing your own stuff in from the outside.  The alcohol sold here is expensive, but not unlike other resorts.
4	The room was comped so there's not much to complain just based on this. Other than that, it was a basic [remodeled] room (clean, close to the elevator, and roomy for two people). This casino seems to be popular because of their comped room deals because everyone seemed to have their room comped or part of a tournament deal.The casino itself has 3 craps tables ($5 min), several blackjack and pai gow tables, 2 roulette tables, and tons of slot machines (not a slot player, but most machines seemed  to be older). Most of the table games have $5 min bets and the cocktail waitresses frequently walk to the tables for drink orders.Overall it's a basic casino and great if you can get it comped. I wouldn't pay more than $35 per night (weekend) if I had to pay. TIP: If you need transportation to the strip, walk to the Rio and take their bus to Harrah's (it's free).
1	Used to always come here. Key word: USED to. I lose over $100 minimum every time I'm here. No bigger, I play for enjoyment. But the pit boss Philip who worked there on January 29 at 1:25am around the blackjack table has officially sealed the deal of me not coming back. I had already lost $100. Then pull out another $25. From that I went up to $75. That's when Philip decided to monitor me as if I'm some cheating/card counting criminal. He STARED at me the whole time I was playing. He got closer everytime I won a $10 hand. All because I finally win $50 from the thousands I've lost? I asked for 2 new shuffles because those shuffles were just not in my favor. The dealer was nice and even said I needed a new shuffle since it was horrible. Philip first rolls his eyes and then reluctantly said ok. The second shuffle, he SIGHED SO LOUD that other dealers even looked at him. And he says, "only one more courtesy." My dealer even rolled her eyes at him. At this point I said, "you can check how much I lose at this casino. I don't know what your problem is." And he says nothing back. Being treated like a criminal over $50? It's fine when you lose thousands at this place...but once you win $50 WATCH OUT! They will report you to every casino saying you card count! That's probably what Philip wanted to do. Losing customers over $50. Worth it huh Gold Coast? I'm also in the process of contacting corporate as well.
3	Hit or miss. This is referring to being on the floor and donating money to machines. I remember last summer I put 20$ in and hit several four of a kinds leaving with around $600 on just one machine. Lately, I haven't won anything. Lol maybe my luck ran out at this establishment.I am a regular here, sorta, during the swing shift. Since I'm a cocktail server, and an honest person, I take seriously telling a guest what drink is given to them. It's complimentary while gambling, so I wish the waitresses would go by their word when they say "yeah I'll take care of you", coming back with a well drink, or something cheaper. I order Jameson on the rocks, and because I'm so familiar with the taste of my preferred whiskey, I know when they give me different. I don't want to complain and argue, but thinking of how much I put in the machine as well as tipping around $5-&10 the first round then $2-4 every other round, I would think they would at least tell me that they couldn't do a double, or can't serve Jameson because I would understand, being in the industry. The casino is pretty laid back. Older casino, one where you expect regulars and/or scummy people. I remember a few months ago a guy treated me and my friend like prostitutes. Lol
2	1. Air quality in building is poor.When traveling on a budget, I will never skimp on sleeping accommodations again, especially in Las Vegas. We were in a non-smoking room, but the air circulation and quality in the establishment is just really poor and would wake up with a sore throat and an irritated nose. It was just plain gross and unhealthy. If you can afford it, go some place slightly nicer. 2. Selection of food is not great.The servers are really nice and service oriented, but there just is not a good selection of restaurants and cafes. 3. House keeping is friendly. This is one redeeming quality of the place. They were sweet and prompt to deliver more towels and blankets when we requested them.
4	First time visiting and staying here for 2 night's I was impressed.. a little dated but recent renovations to the room were a good change up.. casino was a bit smokey but it had a lot of slots.. couldn't beat the 24/7 TGIF's especially for late night meals.. Ping Pang Pong a famous Chinese restaurant is located in here also.. this is a no thrills casino's that seems to cater to local's, tourist's with a good bang for the buck and clean comfortable rooms.. I would consider staying here again cause of how cheap the room was and the quality of the renovations Boyd dumped into them was well worth it.
5	Best Bang for your Buck in Vegas!! Also, those that reviewed this hotel as if they expected  "Bellagio" quality need to cut it out! This hotel is of a different caliber, but OUTSTANDING for the price and convenience..The rooms are clean and comfortable. The service is always acceptable. There is a nice free shuttle that takes you from Gold Coast , to the Orleans, then to the strip! It runs frequently too..i think like every 15 min. I also love the self-parking...it's sooo nice...you can park close and walk straight to the hotel with no difficulties...Also, the steak house is WONDERFUL. Definitely worth the few extra bucks and could be easily compared to any other steak house in Vegas, without a huge price tag..The $5.99 breakfast buffet is a winner...I love Gold Coast and will continue to patronize their business...Boyd Gaming is A-OK with me..I've never been disappointed with any of their hotels!
2	Smoky old school depressing casino. Smell like an ashtray after visiting - boo. 2 stars because there are worse casinos in Vegas ;)
4	If you are looking for a cheap, clean room, this is definitely the right place. The casino per say is not great, but it is the only place I found a 1$ roulette and a 5$ blackjack that does NOT have a perpetual shoe (stay away from those!). Dealers were okay, desk staff was nice, the room was great for a 35$ room with two queen beds. Its not on the strip, but the parking is free and there is a free shuttle every now and then that drops you on the strip and that you can take later to come back to the hotel. Not bad at all!
2	It was a super last min decision on having a trip to Vegas so this was the only "decent" deal hotel we could find. the outside looked pretty nice so I was excited to see our room, BOY WAS I DISAPPOINTED... it was super small, the shower was weirdly designed... & theres like a lil gap that u can see into the restroom, NO SELF PRIVACY! & even though it shows that they had wifi, no one was able to connect & use it. im not even sure the ac works correctly... we had it at 75 thinking it should be cold enough, but nope! towards the early morning we lowered it down to 45, STILL WASNT EVEN COLD.... the casino area itself was nice, however it didnt seem as interesting or fun as other hotels. I'm only giving this hotel 2 starts bc their service was OUTSTANDING!
2	Casino is poor at best...the staff mediocre and the pool was open till 6pm so I rushed back...changed..ran down for a swim..staff and security said they closed early at 520 ...then they gave me a hard time about it...poor!
3	Note:I have been in the room (Premium and Deluxe),but I never spent the night there.Okay,this is a budget resort but it's a bargain because it is totally worth what you get.Pros:-Clean-Modernized -Flat screens in every room-Marble sink-An awesome desk with modern lights -Remodeled (All Rooms)-Everything working fineCons:-Poor air quality (In the Casino)-Fairly Low Ceilings-Shitty External air conditioning system-Small room-Off Strip (Maybe a problem)-Substandard (Bad) compsThis hotel is a great stay for it's price.The rooms are clean and remodeled and it has an awesome dim sum restaurant and a noodle house.I would never stay here because I got other hotels in Vegas that are far superior and they're free for us.Staying at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino may not be a bad choice if you just want a place to stay.
5	Smoky old school depressing casino. Smell like an ashtray after visiting - whoo!Has the feel of 'real' Vegas as opposed to the touristy places on the strip. If you want to gamble amongst the locals, this is a place you can do that.
5	Started staying at the Gold Coast after years on the strip when I visited for the NFR.  Strip is loud, noisy and always packed with people and the homeless.   I started staying at the Gold Coast  (possibly 10 years ago), been coming to the rodeo every Dec and  sometimes I pay for my room and some times some of the days are comp'd.  It does get crowded, but the atmosphere seems to be more pleasant and not as "rushed and pushy" and seldom see homeless there, that may be because of their security, I constantly seen the officers walking around and showing a presence.I have since retired and moved to the area and still enjoy the Casino.
4	All the uppity reviews for this place can eat a dick. You get what you pay for here. $8.99 lunch. You can't buy a combo meal at Wendy's for that. You get a great selection for that price. The champaign brunch on Sunday is killer! We killed 4 hours there just drinking free champaign!  The staff is very pleasant,  and super freindly. If you want to spend $60 on strip for a buffet, go right ahead. They have good food. You can find some really good food here too. You may have to look a little harder, but for the price you can't beat it.
4	What is the definition of irony?Not a fly in your chardonnay.It's getting your sense of smell back after a two week sinus infection while at the Gold Coast.A hotel that allows smoking.Ba dum dumThe Gold Coast is fantastic if you're already here. For a budget hotel (and I'm from Silicon Valley so yes, this is a budget hotel) it's not bad. There's plenty of spaces to eat (avoid the buffet) and the service from everyone from the floor managers to the dealers is friendly and pleasant.The rooms are clean, though organized strangely and the beds incredibly comfortable. The only real negatives are that the bathroom doors are on rollers and thus, privacy is non existent and that the fire drill went off our first night and the announcer seemed to want to speak as many times as possible to wake everyone up.Sigh.All in all not a bad stay and I'd definitely return, though the stars may drop when next time I actually have my sense of smell the whole time.
2	Did you ever see that part in vegas vacation when a desperate chevy chase gets taken to a casino by uncle eddie and they played games like "War" and "guess how many fingers are behind my back"?That's how I felt here. I didn't stay overnight.  I didn't do anything except gamble on the floor.  And let me tell ya, I've never seen anything like it.Granted, if the dealer doesn't know how to deal, they should probably get a talking to.  Should they get a talking to in front of his whole table he's dealing to in the most crap-tastic way by his pit boss?  No!  The poor guy was trying.  I HATE seeing employees treated so poorly.  When I told the guy he should treat his employee with respect, as well as the people playing at the table and have this conversation in private, he snapped at me.  I stood up from the table and stated that I wouldn't contribute one more penny to this low life horribly horrible hotel.Don't come here.I don't even know why I gave two stars.  They really deserve one. Or zero.
4	This review is solely on the aspect of the casino and not the hotel room. I came here with friends to dine at Ping Pang Pong, we decide to gamble after we ate. This casino has a very mellow and laid back vibe. The prices to gamble are very low which is great for low ballers. I had great experiences here in the past when gambling and ended up mostly with a positive win. The only down side here is the casino is not super ventilated with the smoke, but again what casino doesnt have an ambience of smog lol!
1	I am done with the Gold Coast.  Stayed there twice and was very disappointed both times.  The rooms have been updated, but they are very small and quirky.  They also gave me very poor value for my gambling dollar.  I am a top tier player in their player program (Emerald) and got treated like a player who loses their $20 gambling budget for their trip and plays no more.  I have been treated well at Gold Coast's sister properties in the Boyd chain, so I don't know what the problem is here.  Too many other better options for spending my gambling dollars.  On the plus side, the Chinese restaurant on property - Ping, Pang, Pong - is quite good and worth dining at.  But stay and play across the street at the Palms.
1	Nightmare is all I can say. Dwight is the worst manager and made me feel like a criminal when the hotel checked me in using 2 nights comped and said I was not supposed get charged at all when I had to stay 2 more nights and was able to pay cash since my checking account was charged a few times I had no access to my money since it was "held up" by the hotel. Such a nightmare and my bank charges were insane and not resolved Never again Nice bell men the Fridays could really use a makeover on room service presentation for what I paid for breakfast. Tommy was a great bartender Thanks but I'll never be back.   Too far from anything fun.  Lame poolWifi never worked
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel, because I paid around $55 a night (price went up to $175 for Friday and Saturday night). I was expecting something run down, but it's a cute, Spanish-style hotel and my room looked like something out of a modern condo. The casino is old but quite big, the table games are cheap, and the waitresses are friendly and keep the free drinks coming. There's a big bingo room upstairs, a few restaurants (I like saying "Ping Pang Pong", the name of one of two Chinese restaurants there), a TGI Fridays for greasy breakfasts, an old school steakhouse called The Cortez room, a Subway and a coffee shop that serves Starbucks. The pool and hot tub are nothing amazing, but it's quieter and more relaxing than the bigger pools on The Strip. If you're on a budget or you want to experience old Vegas charm rather than the newer, flashier and sometimes soulless places on The Strip, this is perfect.Warning: Watch out for electric scooters, there are seniors zooming around everywhere.
4	I will start out by saying I'm not a gambler and I can't review that part of the experience. This hotel was more than I expected for the price. It was extremely cheap, and yet the rooms were clean and had ample space. I never heard a peep from the neighboring rooms. The biggest drawback, as others have said, is the bathroom door is on rollers and thus no privacy. We enjoyed the pool, hot tub, and laying out in the Las Vegas sun. The rooms do not have a microwave or refrigerator. BUT if you ask for a refrigerator, they will bring one up to you for a flat rate of $15 for the entire stay. It was totally worth it. The guest services and other employees were all very helpful. They also had a free shuttle service to The Orleans and Bally's. Since Bally's is on the strip, we didn't ever had to pay for a cab. Overall, if I return to Las Vegas I will definitely consider staying here again.
3	They charge an additional $9/99 fee on top of the room fee as a resort fee, weather or not you intend to use the pool and whatnot.  WiFi is another 9.99.  I know they want you in the casino, but this seemed ridiculas on top of the resort fee.  Very simular to its sister The Orleans, without all the Marti Grae stuff.   Big, clean rooms.  Quiet, off the beaten path near the Palms and the Rio.  It is cheap and clean.  They have a noodle house we did not get around to trying.  A great dim sum parlor.  They have a bus that takes you to the strip or the Orleans once an hour.  We were out for the Viva Las Vegas rockabilly festival, so we never gambled here.  It was a lot easier to get a table at Fridays because so few people were staying here.  It's kind of weird that the buffet closes for an hour between meals.  So when we came down for breakfast at 10:30, not exactly an unusal thing in Vegas, the buffet was closed, from 10-11.  It's ok, but a bit bland.  The buffett is cheap $5.99 for breakfast and $7.99 for lunch.
5	Beat value in Vegas! Across from the Palms, this hotel offers a free shuttle to the strip every 30 minutes, great Chinese restaurants, remodeled rooms, and lots of gambling options. There are a ton of slot machines, video poker, low minimum card games, and progressive pai gow tables. Play for a few hours and get a free meal for two. Nothing fancy - not a club scene, mostly locals, but people are friendly and there are no pretenses here. Great value for less than $75/night most nights.
4	I've been on a losing streak, playing penny slots, so I've been trying out a few casinos which I've never been before.This place was the next one on the list.I was a little surprised at the look of it, but not in a bad way.It was like a half-step above a locals' casino.It was packed with penny machines, and even had some games that I've never seen before. Considering how many machines there were, there were not a lot of people in there.For both of the games that I played, I was the only one sitting at those groups of slots.There were lots of fast-food places, a coffee shop, and a buffet.There was a long line at the buffet, but I don't know if that's an indicator of the quality of the food or the low price.The floor staff was very nice and frequently went around offering drinks.BTW...My losing streak is over. Time to start a new one.
5	Gold Coast brings back a lot of memories since being 21. I love playing here!! This is a older smaller casino at the end of the strip next to Palms and Rio casino. The limits tends to be smaller here so its a good place to practice your favorite games without breaking the bank...the rooms got rennovated a few years ago so the furniture and bathrooms are new...not bad for the price ur paying and still being on the strip...I learned a lot of craps here since they have 5.00 limits..hours and hours of tossing dice and noticing how good i'm at rolling 7s and crapping out!!! =(.... 3.00 limit roulette is the best...most casinos are min 10.00, if its slow the dealers will give u tips and advice...i'm pretty pro now, minus for the extra 1000s that get dropped at casinos since being 21.!!!they have a bowling alley upstairs if u want to take a break at the tables and get some exercise in.
3	Im glad they replaced the casino carpet!! The hotel is average and has clean comfy accommodations.  There is bowling all night too. The buffet is worth the money and makes for a great meal. This is a solid hotel if you dont want to oay for any extra bells and whistles
4	This review is solely for their casino & ping pang pong.+Gold Coast casino has Ping Pang Pong. It's a dim sum restaurant located inside the casino. Their dim sum was pretty good for being in the casino. Saw lots of Asian customers lined up for brunch hour on Memorial Day.+The crowd is generally elderly so the atmosphere is so calm here. No ratchet young adults getting plastered. +$5 black jack table!! +We got the honor to play with Zekele, Mahi, and Alex. They were all so nice to us and didn't mind joking around with my friends and I. Wish more dealers were as chill as these guys.-It's an old casino so the building itself is sort of dinky and old. -Gold Coast is right across Palms so it's not on the strip and it's a bit of a drive.I'll definitely be back again for their $5 black jack table and ping pang pong though. :)
5	I will say that when I go to gold coast casino to play bingo .... the bartender shane is the best  ever hes fast n very friendly with the costumers .... and is just really funny
3	Accommodations are OK, the staff is pretty nice, and the buffet is decent without super-long lines like some others I've been to.  But despite the availability of slot machines, I haven't really found any that I really LIKE playing even though they have some good video poker pay tables at the 25c level and higher.  There seems to be lots of fun  action at the table games but I'm really not into them so that doesn't help.  Will try harder to find something to play since the location is pretty good and the rooms are pretty nice for the price.  Oh, and there's a shuttle that runs from Gold Coast to The Orleans to Bally's and back.  Last one after midnight so even if seeing an evening show on the Strip, can get back to the hotel without having to take a taxi.
1	I was very upset to find that there was no parking available for me when I arrived. I had to park next door which made me worried about my car getting towed. Room smelled like smoke and wet dogs. No fridge, hair dryer or microwave. Room service was the worst! I got tired of waiting after 45 min I went to subway. I tried breakfast the next morning and sent it back, not good!!! Hot tub jets didn't work, pool is dirty towels are stained and smell moldy. No shade in pool area unless you want to pay the bar $250. Extra for a shaded area. There website very much misrepresents this hotel. I've had much better stays at best western. I will never stay here again!!!
3	So the Gold Coast is my home for the next month or so, and I have to say it's not as bad as I thought. I have a king bed room and there's a lot of open space to make it not feel like a tiny hotel room. There's a (shitty) coffeemaker in the room which is handy and an iron and a hairdryer I think. Just missing a fridge. Sadly the rest of the hotel kinda sucks. Food options are meh and really, why would you gamble here? Go across the street to the Palms...  much better vibe.
3	I've had a few visits here over the years, and have only visited the casino and Ping Pang Pong (see separate review.)  I remember being really interested in checking it out back in the day when the slots were a lot looser at Sam's Town, as the Gold Coast is another Boyd Gaming property.  At first I thought it was maybe themed after the Gold Coast areas of Chicago or Australia.  Been to both, but it was all just a name in the end here.I saw lots of similarities - pretty generic, as most of their properties are, and it seemed to attract an older/elderly crowd.  I think their rooms have been remodeled in recent years.  I noticed there's also a "Penny Lane" section here, similar to the one at Sam's Town.It's pretty convenient if you plan on visiting the Palms and Rio, but not too much else around.  The Strip is very close, and there are pedestrian walkways going over the highway if you're down for a little walk.Each trip was pretty much uneventful as far as major wins went.  Seems like I've had much better luck on the Boulder Highway side of town, but no complaints here.  Not sure if it's still open, but the little snack bar downstairs was pretty nasty.
3	This is a second or third tier hotel/casino. The rooms are fine, and clean. The casino reeks of smoke.  Most of the food options are of the fast food/food court variety...the steak house and oyster bar being the exceptions.  There is no full-service restaurant for early breakfast.  Before 7 am you have a choice of 2 mediocre self-service joints. The bagel place is only for folks who have experienced a real bagel.
3	This place was much better than I had expected. I stayed here on an impromptu trip in Vegas and did not want to pay $900 a night at the places we typically stay at. I had heard this place was halfway decent and it was. Very helpful front desk and it looks like the rooms were recently renovated.  It's not the Venetian, Wynn, Aria, Cosmo but it gets the job done. Definitely an option if you are playing WSOP since the Rio rooms are terrible for the price.
2	Good bingo and 5$ blackjack that pays 3:2. It's amazing how 1 person can totally change your view of a place.  After playing a few bingo sessions and blackjack, I finally decided to get a drink. So being broke, I sat at a penny slot and waited for the waitress to come- 15 minutes of wait time. I asked for a beverage and she said that I needed to be consistently betting at least 20 cents a bet because that's their rule. I was nice enough to tip her even though she was rude to me and I couldn't even drink their shitty sweet no-alcohol daquiri. Time for a new bingo place :)
3	My expectations were very low. I was surprised to find the place had been renovated and was above what I had imagined in terms of aesthetics. Way cheaper than the Palms yet only across the street. Shuttle to/from the Strip was fast and easy.My only complaint is a kinda silly one. They obviously put a couple of buck$ into the upgrades. So why not go the extra oh... $50 to have decent stereo speakers by the pool. Seriously weird. They have a single old grey horn that blows out horrible sounding music. I don't mean the music programming - that wasn't bad. But the yucky high pitched vibrations coming from the ugly horn was just kinda sucky. Would rather they not even play music.Other than that, nice place if you aren't looking for a 5* experience.Would go back in a heartbeat. Would take ear-cupping headphones to the pool next time!
4	To put it simply: great price and locationLoved the rooms. Very spacious and very clean. The rooms are very nice and modern. Since this was one of the cheaper priced rooms im vegas I was expecting something mediocre and old. But i loved what the room offered. It is one of those rooms that you wish you had more time to relax in rather than just showing up to sleep. Location is great because it is next to the Rio and Palms. And technically you can walk to the strip but it will take about 25 min.There is a shuttle that I depended on. It wasn't too reliable but I did get a bus pass for the strip buses which allowed me to ride any bus and that is what I used most of the time because there is a bus stop directly at the Gold Coast. I would probably say if you have a car then you are good to go. I think staying here is perfect for anyone. It is cheaper but you dont have to settle on an ugly room. I feel like anyone should stay here because there are rooms at other places on the strip that aren't as nice and cost twice as more. I switched from a strip hotel to this one last minute before my trip because this was a better deal and I do not regret it. I have stayed at the hotel i switched from and I know it wouldn't have offered the same quality room as gold coast.Definitely stay here!!
4	I always love this place. There's a huge selection of machines and lots of good choices of places to eat. We have stayed here several times and they have remodeled the rooms.There is a free shuttle to the strip and it's directly across from the Rio and Palms.
2	Review for the Casino.   So much cheese at Gold Coast.  Many of the slot machines and restaurants are dated.  The whole place feels old school.  There's nothing wrong with old school, but this is definitely not where the young crowd hangs out.  I did go to the breakfast buffet since it was so damn cheap.  It's really hard to beat $7 bucks!
1	I called the casino to ask if I could check in early at 1:30 they said " we can't die to our system being down" so we came back at 4:00PM they line was put through the casino. I have been in line for two hours. Vegas is not the happiest place on earth. It's not worth it there giving us water and cookies but I'm still dissatisfied with the lack of communication. I will NEVER go to this place again!Also the groups of managers STANDING AROUND IS ADDING TO THE PROBLEM! No one should be smiling who is not helping a guest.Two converging lines open bays of computers no explanation! Finally got helped the guy can't hear me because of the loud line and music. Everything they have done has made the situation worse. I don't want 2 for 1 drinks I don't drink!
1	Stayed here with my family on a quick 2 day vacation.  We were looking forward to experiencing Old Vegas but did not have such a great experience.  We paid extra to guarantee a NON Smoking room.  Got to room after winding through dimly lit halls to find out Non Smoking room to be very smokey.  Called front desk to have room changed, no one ever came up.  Went down, they could care less.  Gave us new room, still smelled like smoke but less.  This ruined our vacation.  Once they have you there and your money, they could care less.  Never going back there again.  It used to be good when Wynn used to own it.  If you have kids, I would not stay there.  Pool was terrible.  Smelled like it was super chlorinated!  Valet takes forever.  Only 1-2 guys working.  Very unorganized.  No WI-FI, no coffee for free.  They will squeeze every penny from you.
1	When your Security Guard follows someone into the bathroom who is carrying a bag. ..and wants to check in on the person carrying the bag... be careful, because that bag may contain a laptop computer, in which the annoyed and bothered casino patron will go on the internet and write a bad review on Yelp.
1	While trying to explain to me how smart she was, the young lady black jack dealer tried to pay me on 16 when she had 17.  I brought it to her attention, which caused her to further rant about how smart she was.  She dealt me a black jack (face up), looked right at it, and asked me if I wanted a card.  I decided to leave the table.  I pushed my $115 in chips in for color.  She tried to pay me $50.00 extra.  The pit boss was standing right there and corrected her.  She was steaming mad at that point.  How dare he correct her like that, after all.   I reported her at the Cashier's cage.  I'm there to play and possibly win, not to steal the casino's money.  On the other hand, if they are going to hire dealers who can't add........how many  honest patrons are there, really?
4	1st time visiting Gold Coast. And I will admit that I wasn't to sure about it because from looking at it from the outside... it really didn't look like a desirable place to stay. But to my surprise I really enjoyed my stay. To start I will admit that I checked in before 3pm, which is check in and the hostess at the registration desk was beyond nice. I asked if I could check in early and I did have a special request of getting the same floor that people I was meeting were on. She gladly checked and found something on the same floor and proceeded to register me early. I will admit I had to walk what seemed like an never ending hall but when I got to my room. I was pleasantly surprised with it. The room seemed to be freshly renovated and was very clean. I will say that the bed was a little harder then what I am used to... but it was a very nice stay. So..... If you are looking for a hotel that is nice inside I would recommend the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. Enjoy~~!!
4	Just stayed here for a second time and overall it was a good two nights. The rooms were nice and the staff were friendly. They're fairly priced rooms and clean. The casino is pretty small with the same type of slots and the blackjack tables weren't too busy. I would give it 5 stars if the fitness center was in the hotel versus outside near the pool.
3	Casino has poor ventilation, the cigarette smoke will sting your eyes!The best thing about the Gold Coast is the Liquor store/Gift shop.We were staying at the Rio and would venture over for the inexpensive liquor and beer (but first sign up for a loyalty card at the Gold Coast and get 10% off you liquor and beer!)Otherwise,the Gold Coast has quite the different clientele than other casinos in Las Vegas...just saying.For an off the strip casino, I did not find that the slot machines paid out any different than the ones on the LV strip.The cocktail waitress were hard to come by.Beware of the ventilation in this casino...it is very poor...the cigarette smoke will sting your eyes and cling to your clothes!It has a TGIFridays which wasn't too bad...sit at the bar for faster service...happy hour between 3 and 7 for drinks and appetizers.there's a small grocery store, Green Valley Grocery, located at the intersection of S Valley View Blvd and Twain Ave...its a 10 minute walk if you want to grab some snacks, juice, bottled water, milk, etc...but do not go there on foot after dark...I noticed few undesirables lurking about...there's also a Chevron, another 10 min walk at E Flamingo/S Arville St.
3	It's an OK hotel/casino, but nothing to write home about...The have a solid selection of restaurants and an abundance of parking. Plus they have a ton of asian customers...so there are typically lots of cute ladies running around! lol ;)
5	This is a great place to go gamble if you want to get a little ways off the strip. We went here and loved the low minimums on the table games and you could actually play and not have to fight a huge crowd! Definitely sign up for their players card because you get $5 in free slot play and they are very generous with their comps. Stayed a few hours and really enjoyed it, huge selection of machines and employes are very friendly! Highly recommend.
4	I am realllly happy we left New York, New York to stay at the Gold Coast!  I stayed here 17 years ago and they have put some serious money into updating all their rooms. As an interior designer I can see that they didn't spare any expense in updating this important feature!  Love the old school casino vibe. None of that trashy-hooker-look-at-me craziness you experience on the strip.  If your intention is to come to vegas and just get to some good gambling and low crowd levels, this is the section of vegas you want to hang in. My only dissatisfaction is the small low energy pool scene here. But if your looking for a quite space to absorb rays and cool your skin off, then this is the perfect pool scene for you. Go back to the basics!  Vegas is way better in the older parts of town then on that circus strip!!  Go somewhere you can have good energy and enjoy the people you are traveling with!
4	Good hotel.  Great distance from the hotel our convention was at, and near the strip.  Didn't like the $12 a day resort fee, but what can you do?  And the iPod plug in on our phone didn't work.
4	Biggest complaint is the eye-irritating smoke.  Clientele consists of many Asians (not prejudice, just an observation) and they smoke like chimneys.  That aside, our room was surprisingly large, clean, and comfortable.  Pool and fitness room are basic but serve their purpose.  Huge bowling alley with $1.00 games.  And how can you beat a $6.99 breakfast buffet??
1	I have been attending Monday Night Football for a few years now, I usually go every week with a few friends, however, this season I am truly disappointed in the quality and cost of the food provided.I understand inflation, which is why I expect certain items to increase by 50cents or so per season, but the $5.95 price for 6 tiny chicken wings is ridiculous! They are cooked then frozen and warmed up for the night which is why they are so hard and tasteless. $3.50 was a push, but 5.95 is daylight robbery.My wife ordered the tacquitos for $3.50 and we received 4 very over cooked/microwaved tacquitos. They actually taste downright awful! I'm sure they are from one of those boxes of 50 for $4.99 at your local Mexican supermarket. There is a tiny piece of beef per roll, and the corn surround is very brown, hard and tasteless.So this isn't totally biased, the $1.50 hotdogs are reasonable and actually taste like real food.While you review my comments on this, we will take our patronage elsewhere in the meantime. Please contact me when this matter is resolved, so that we can enjoy MNF and Gold Coast Casino gambling once again.Thank you.
3	One of my favorite places to gamble and I don't know why.  The hotel is dated however they have asian poker, easy sports book, bingo, and great casino host.  The rooms are updated so thats a big plus.  The buffet isn't great but ping pang pong is good.
5	This place is 100% local casino which gives it a fun atmosphere. It's right beside the strip and has a shuttle every 30 mins that takes you to several other locations on/off the strip. The rooms are extremely clean and has up to date fashion design. There's also a great pool and amazing fitness area free to guests of the hotel that can be used morning-evening. There is also a very cheap $7 buffet which has many ethnic items and a great fruit/dessert selections. The casino has all of the basic games with low buy in rates at $5 per each. There are tons of slots and for the penny pinchers, a lot of penny slots. Overall great hotel and less expensive than a night at the Bellagio.
1	"RESORT FEE" Seriously????I had paid for the room in advance using a travel website but when we checked in we were told we owed MORE money. Apparently they charge almost $15 per night (inc tax) as a "RESORT" fee there is a large sign at the check-in counter that indicates that the resort fee is for the following items: parking, coffee in room, internet & wi-fi, use of the pool, use of the gym, and shuttle service to their sister hotel on the strip,   We told them that we were NOT going to be using ANY of those services and therefore we should not be charged, they said we didn't have a choice that it's charged to everyone regardless. Now, ALL of their advertising indicate that ALL of those services and amenities are included in their rates. That is FALSE advertising!!!!Also, I've NEVER heard of any hotel charging to use the pool. As for the rest of the items I've seen other hotels charge a fee to use the services or in room mini bar BUT it is YOUR choice to use and pay or not to use & not pay. This "RESORT FEE" is highway robbery and this hotel chain is taking advantage of all its guests. When we parked in the garage of the Gold Coast hotel, there was a HUGE sign stating that the parking lot was provided as a courtesy service to their guests.  I guess they like to lie right to your face!There are also signs everywhere that state other similar LIES such as:"The pool is provided as a complimentary service to hotel guests.""Shuttle service is provided as a complimentary service to hotel and casino guests""Wi-Fi service in room is free for hotel guests"DONT TELL ME ITS FREE AND THEN TURN AROUND AND CHARGE ME A RESORT FEE!  They are bold faced liars!!!!  They must not know the meaning of the words FREE and COMPLIMENTARY!!!!Ok, so I can understand that some UPSCALE hotels like to consider themselves "RESORTS". But give me a break, the Gold Coast hotel IS NOT upscale, IS NOT a resort, never was, and never will be.DONT STAY HERE, ITS A RIP OFF!!!!  The fee ends up being over 25% more per night for the total room cost. So for 4 nights we end up paying for 5 in total!!! RIP OFF!!!!
4	Typical old-style casino and hotel. My first impression was good. It's nicely taken care of on the outside with lots of parking. 2nd impression: Really smelly. It wreaks of smoke and just oldness. I hated that, but I'm not a smoker. 3rd impression: great customer service! The employees must be well-taken care of and well-trained. They were smiling, happy and a joy to be around. 4th impression: Room is older, but remodeled. It's comfortable. I had a nice view of the mountains and part of the strip. It wasn't as clean as I like. The granite table top in the room is beautiful but the de sign was so busy it made it difficult to see all of the residue left from prior meals. It was really sticky,  the bathroom door had finger prints all over it, the baseboards of the bed were muddied, and a beer can was forgotten under the armoire. The bathroom was spotless though!! And nicely remodeled with a neutral marble and tile. This is not a classy hotel but it is cheap, close to Chinatown, has a reportedly killer dim sum restaurant and has really great customer service.
4	Rooms:Clean new remodeled rooms so no built up mold and stains yetBathroom is a bit small but other than that it's fine.Nice flat screen tv, but could have been raised about 4 inches so the drawers wouldn't block the screen if watching TV from the bed.Casino: Nice low limit $5 tables for gamblers on a budget3-2 payouts on Blackjack like it should be not the 6-5 payout crap they have everywhere on the strip.Restaurants:Only have been to the buffet for breakfast and it is a good value at $5.99 (show your BConnected card to get the best price) - Made to order omelettes (worth the price right there)Will definitely be back again if I get a comped room (even if I have to pay) here as it is a good value all around and not too far off the main Las Vegas Strip.
1	Where do I start? First they put us in a room about 1/4 mile from the elevator and it was filthy. Then the next room had faulty a/c. Next they "upgraded" to a room in Gold Tower anext to the elevator and I listened to knocking all night and, for the icing on the cake, construction noise at 7:30am. And don't even get me started on the lack of support from management.
5	They have my favorite game Pharaoh's Gold. 25 cents gets you all five reels, pays by reel not by lines.  Plus get the scatter the bonus pops up. It's lots of fun. Wilds switch & pays twice in one spin if you get a combination.
4	Nice place to gamble and relax. I used to do that at palace station but they've taken a bad turn to ghetto-ville. Gold Coast has damn good security (they need it due to all the low rent apartments closeby) and they take care of business with any panhandlers that might hang around. Bingo is great with excellent customer service all around. My mom and I come here pretty often and it's just a cool place to chill.
2	Wasnt too impressed by this place on a recent visit - definitely more of a locals off strip  casino - the casino floor itself is not too large, has a bit of an older feel to it. A cheaper hotel stay for those just looking for a place to crash with the Rio hotel just across the street to aid in the things to do in the area Really nothing stands out here for me, probably wont be a place that I would stay at myself but you may be different
3	Remodeled rooms, but still an old casino. The bathrooms are small but it's only my boyfriend and myself so we did not need such a big space. Also, you pay for what you get, no complaints. The hallways smell a bit "interesting." I think they are trying to mask whatever old smell there previously was, with a new citrus scent, so it's now a hybrid smell, maybe they need disinfectant air spray like Lysol. I didn't have to wait too long for valet either like the bigger and nicer casinos. Anyways, I come back again for the price.
5	Checking in as staff of a major fitness convention for a week is always a fun thing to do at this hotel, but not this year. Part of being Gold Coast Hotel & Casino Gold is to have lounge access, but the hotel took away the lounge and its amenities (not even opening for tea/coffee) from Friday through Sunday completely without telling guests or offering coupons for breakfast or other amenities. So my big complaint and questions are "WHY HAVE MARRIOTT PRIVILEGES IF THEY ONLY WORK DURING HALF OF YOUR STAY?" What a waste, seriously.
4	Here's 10 great things (and 3 not-so-great) about Gold Coast, my hotel of choice since the Center Strip Inn closed in the 90s.GREAT1.  It's one of a few places that has Bingo.  Bingo is fun.  Bingo only costs $6-20 an hour.  And when you are one number away from winning, Bingo is more exciting than any other casino game.  Bingo has free donuts in the morning and $1 popcorn later.  Bingo makes you feel younger than you really are.  Bingo lets you giggle when you hear "O 69" or say things about tumors when your hear 'B9".2.  It has 24 hour bowling.  3.  Ok, Sam's Town has bingo and bowling, but Gold Coast has a better location:it's across the street from Rio (arguably the best buffet) and Palms, right off the freeway.  If you want to get to the Strip, there's a free shuttle.4.   It's "small", which comes in handy when you want to grab something out of your car... it's like right outside in one of the two parking garages.  And I literally--- LITERALLY--- bumped into people from my party as we crossed paths or shared tables.  5.  The Ports O' Call buffet is a good deal... and the Sunday brunch is crazy.  At 8am, I passed on the traditional stuff and had turkey breast and mashed potatoes and gravy, self-made chicken fajita guacamole burrito, chow mien, bread pudding.  Tip: Get the free Gold Coast card if not just for the $2 off.6.  TGIF is open 24 hours, with room service, and BOGO entree with bingo receipt.7.  The bowling alley bar.  It's no-nonsense, nothing special, except that it's empty. The Red Zone downstairs is great for betting sports but not watching sports: it's literally got high school desks or private monitors like a computer lab.  The bowling alley bar only has 4 games on, but it is usually empty --- so empty you can hear pins drop.8.  At least two or three $5 blackjack tables.9.  The little things:  24 hour Subway, $2 water/soda machines every floor, (small) hot tub, the wi-fi actually works, the pool bathroom is heated, and the bingo bathrooms smell like Skittles farts.10.  Gold Coast has Chinese people, old people, fat people, drunk locals, and people in cowboy hats, but one weekend a year, the classic car show on Easter weekend attracts the rockabilly types that pretty up the place.THE NOT-SO-GREAT1.  The open "main bar" (a rectangle of video games that seats 24 or so) was a little shady.  On three different occasions, I (or the person next to me) asked the bartender for the price of drinks, and they would not could not give us a straight answer.  They said stuff like "$200 if you're not doing well".  Eventually, we figured out that they were $4 or so if you weren't playing the games and $1.25 if you were, but that shadiness was worth mentioning.  The drinks were a little weak- just think of each drink at 1/3 a drink.  Three do the trick of one.  Six do the trick of two.  Nine, three.  Twelve and you'll take the cast of American Horror Story Freak Show to bed.2.  Don't forget to add the mandatory resort fee for all the "amenities" you think are included... (but that seems to be the case everywhere now, right?)3.  The standard rooms are a great deal, pretty roomy and clean, but they have prison like bathrooms. There was no tub, so my shower water was slowly creeping toward my wife a foot away with a hair dryer.  (Take note, Dateline).  And though the shower was adjustable in height, the height was inexplicably 4'3" to 5'8.  And with no counter space, we had to put our (her) toiletries on the ironing board.  And the view (if you have an odd # room) is the air-conditioner ridden, dirty casino roof.  (An even # gets you the mountain view and a parking lot).  And, there's no fridge. Not cool. Literally.
4	The new updated rooms are a lot nicer and comfy compared to the older ones they had awhile back. It more modern and sleek and the smell that use to reek has disappeared. On top of that they have one dollar bowling games at night along with some great drink specials perfect for large or small gatherings with friends and family.
5	The bartender  nick at gold coast is the most wonderful person ever and is always on top of things . He knows how to treat someone fair n respect them he's the most awesome guy ever . Hes by far my favorite bartender when I go to bingo....
3	So I've written a bad review for this hotel before and it would only be fair to give an update on my most recent experience at Gold Coast Casino.Downside from recent visit;- The nice aroma that used to be pumped into the casino floor with the air circulation is pretty much gone. Now all we get is the smell of cigarettes.- Buffet is not round clock.- Buffet breakfast ends at 10:00 am on the weekdays. Seriously? McDonalds serves breakfast longer then that.- Buffet fish taste spoiled.- Maintenance seems a little slow. When something was out of order (like the ice machine on my floor and a couple of stalls in the men's room) it took quite awhile to get it repaired. Not sure if it's due to the difficulty of the situation or low staff. Improvements made since last visit;- Hot water has returned!!! This is actually great since it's getting kinda cold over there at night. Thank goodness for that.- Non-smoking rooms don't smell like smoke.- AC/ Heater unit now has clear shield above it in order to circulate the air into the room instead of going up in the curtains.- Cleanliness of rooms is still there.- Friendly staff is present.- Security presence seems to have doubled which is good to see. Felt pretty safe.- Ping Pang Pong outstanding.Recommendation?For noobies to Las Vegas; This place is known for the locals mostly. I've stated before that if you're new to LV or don't travel much there to go and find another place. I unfortunately still stand by that for new travelers. The old saying you get what you pay for doesn't really stand by this hotel at all times. During peak seasons, I suggest going to another hotel unless to want to pay $100 for just above Motel 6 quality. If you don't feel like paying the few extra bucks to stay at a nicer place, then you shouldn't even be in Vegas. I only speak ill on this part on behalf of the picky people with somewhat above average expectations. Otherwise, If you're looking for a place to sleep then whatevers I guess.For regulars to Las Vegas; Pretty good place if you know when to go and if you build up your points on your players card. By building up these points, you can see some perks later on in the mail or online for future visits. It's also not too far off the freeway or the Strip so you can just crash here and go visit other places.Would I come back?Yes, because improvements have been made and the offers are pretty okay for people who have the players card and gamble.
3	It's a nice little spot for locals, but the Orleans nearby is better for the vibe, including a nicer alley imo, and a theater.  Gold Coast caters to the Chinese with PingPangPong and the Noodle exchange along with the bacarrat
2	I don't particularly care for the Gold Coast. It's smoky and there are so many better casinos for locals to visit that it's usually not high on my list. They have bowling, which is more times than not, the only reason I think about visiting. Parking is decent and almost every spot is conveniently located to the casino floor.
1	Gold Coast Casino & Hotel gave me, a non-smoker, a smoking room. I called the front desk, they said succinctly they ran out of rooms, refused my refund request. I cannot stand the smell of this smoke-soaked room. It's foul and triggers my allergies. Terrible.
2	Being as this is a hotel, I will break down my rating as follows:Bed comfort - 4 starsCleanliness of room - 1 starLocation - 3 starsValue - 2 1/2 starsCasino - 2 starsRestaurants - 3 starsStaff - Varies greatlyOkay, so my sister absolutely loves this place, or at least did before this visit. In Vegas for Xmas with my sister and brother-in-law I stayed at the Gold Coast out of convenience because that's where they were staying.First things first, the location is off the strip on Flamingo, next to the Rio and directly across the street from the Palms. It is relatively easy to get to the strip and they have a shuttle if you don't have a car. Other than the Rio and the Palms though, there really isn't anything worthwhile close to the hotel. You definitely aren't staying here for the location.The bed was comfortable although a little hard. I prefer a softer mattress.The housekeeping however was atrocious! After the first night I left my room at 10:45am. When I got back to my room at 4pm the bed was not made. I thought that they somehow didn't get to my room yet, but then I noticed one (but not both) trash cans had been emptied. The towels had been replenished but there was still a towel on the floor of the shower. The toilet paper had the little arrow thing that they do with they clean the rooms. So obviously they had been in the room, cleaned half of it and then stopped? What the hell?!?! I had to go down to the front desk to complain. They sent someone to go finish the room. When they were done, the table clearly hadn't been wiped down and there was a water stain on the bathroom door which was probably there before and I just didn't notice. Unbelievable! I stayed there 4 nights. The table was never cleaned, not one in 4 nights and neither was the water stain on the door.The linens on the bed were clean, but one piece has a rip on it and the sheets were too small for the bed. It was an embarrassment. There were also stains on the carpet.The hotel does NOT have an in room safe, which most hotel/casinos in Vegas have.The Gold Coast is absolutely NOT a resort, yet insists on charging a resort fee. Completely unacceptable, although as least it is a smaller resort fee than most hotels. The resort fee includes incredibly slow internet. You can pay more for faster internet, but if you are going to charge me a resort fee that includes internet you have no right to charge me more for faster internet. I was constantly waiting for pages to load and videos to buffer. It was horrible.Once in the casino, there are a decent selection of table games. Nothing special unless you are a Pai Gow fan. I have literally never seen so many active Pai Gow tables before in my life. The slot selection is very poor.  This was incredibly obviously when I made my way to the Aria and saw all kinds of machines that the Gold Coast was lacking.The restaurants were okay. I never hit the buffet, but they have 2 Asian restaurants and a TGIFridays which were fine. One of the Asian restaurants is Ping Pang Pong which they advertise has having been called one of the 100 best Chinese restaurants in the US. It is good, but always ridiculously busy. Expect a wait, even at 3pm on a Monday afternoon.The biggest problem occurred on Sunday night. My sister is mobility impaired and had rented a scooter to get around the casino. Sunday night we left the hotel to go to dinner and left the scooter with the valet. They didn't tag the scooter and while we were at dinner the company she rented from went to the casino, saw her scooter there without a tag and took it. The hotel let them and then when we got back from dinner, nobody could tell us where the scooter was. More than 2 hours later my sister had to rent another scooter, at a higher cost, and the hotel refused to do anything for her even though it was clearly their mistake. They didn't tag the scooter and let the company pick it up without checking or signing anything. My sister who stays there A LOT and spends A LOT of money in the casino was told by the night manager that he didn't care if she ever came back. If she's smart she will never walk (or scooter) through their doors again.
4	We stayed here for one night and found it to be a clean and comfortable hotel with brilliant views from our room. We had a bit of trouble at check in as they didnt have a booking for us but after 10 minutes or so it was sorted.Friendly and helpful staff. Parking is expensive at $45 per night so we dropped our bags and parked cheaper just round the corner. 20 minute walk to Willis Tower and Grant Park. only complaint was the room heating system was really noisy switching itself on and off all night and i couldn't work out how to stop it!
4	Great Hotel, Clean rooms, Friendly staff, awesome view, great price. The location is not the best since you need to walk about 20 minutes to N Michigan Ave. But everything else was great. The hotel lobby is on 15th floor. The bar at 15th floor has a nice view to Las Vegas.
