3	Have you ever seen someone in just there Underwhere Holla Hooping Upside down off the rafters? then You haven't been to a regular wendsady night at Diry dog.....Some of the most outlandish Acrobatics I've ever seen since Cirque du soleil...and yes lots of drunk women danceing on the Bar....so very Coyote Ugly....but in the Air...The BAD! so loud you should learn Sign language just to order a drink!...10 minumum on Cards...so an $8 drink they charge you 10 for....COuntry MUSIC! - 1 one star just for playing "i think your tractors sexy"THe Good: the hot under clothed Waitresses where aculy nice...and even thought they couldn't hear me she remembered what I was drinking the night before?! in a packed place thats remarkable....If you really want to slip a Dolla bill into someones Ass crack but don't want to go to a strip club this would be the place to do it....but for me I wouldn't go back unless it was to see drunken friends dance on the bar...
4	My friend and I were leaving Ernie's, and my friend said something about always wanting to try the Dogg. So in we went. No cover, and a handy tub o' bottled beer right outside the door. We snagged a couple Coronas & lime ($7.50) and walked into the steaming interior. It is hot in here, folks, but not like ick hot. It's hot from the crowd of people crammed into a smallish structure, pressing against the bar, barking drink orders at smokin hot bartenders in skimpy tanks and spankies. People are filling the booths, sitting on top of the booths, milling around a covered pool table and basically making the place a maze. Looking up, the exposed rafters were just covered in probably thousands of bras. It was... awesome. Great music- a little Crue, a little Ludacris, you get the idea - and a Babe's-a-vu moment when the bartending chicks dance on the bar, swinging from the rafters and accepting tips in those spankies. I'm going to have to go again, and take the hubby along. He may not appreciate some of the wannabe Coyote Ugly patrons who get up to dance, but I'm sure watching a chick hula-hoop while hanging upside down (omg, those abs are to DIE) will make it worth the trip for him. Tee hee.
3	Let's free associate.  "Dirty Dogg Saloon".  Go.Coyote Ugly.  Kid Rock.  Mullets.  Acid washed jeans.  Bikers.  County music.  Dirty old men.  Dollar bills.  Panties.  Wild Turkey.That didn't last as long as I thought it would.  But you get the picture.  The Dogg is fun the way the circus is fun.  It is bizarre and entertaining, yet somehow degrading.  And going once is enough.
4	Anyone who knows me personally knows my life's philosophy is nachos. I call everything that happens nachos. Long story (See my Four Peaks Review for more info). So I had a total nachos moment with the Dirty Dogg. I was driving around one day aimlessly as I'm wont to do and I think to myself, "Man, it's been way too long since I've seen a wet tshirt contest." I often have random thoughts about breasts. I like them. About two hours later, my buddy sends me a text saying "Dirty Dogg tonight, wet tshirt contest." Clearly, it was meant to be.So I go, and it's my first time there, and I love it. It was a total sausage fest, as they say, and bikers no less. But still I saw the potential. It's really loud but it worked because bikers don't really need to speak to communicate. I assume. Even late-yuppie bikers. The bartenders are wearing too much for my taste, but I realize most people think they're appropriately attired or perhaps under-clothed. Still better than most. If I used phrases like "but-her-face" this would apply. Fortunately for my conscience, I don't. But they were totally cool. The music, in my opinion, was a fantastic mix of rock and country and typical club rap songs. High energy. I knew all the words. I sang along in my most sensitive yet too cool to care way. Like, under my breath, but not. And then for the power lines, at the top of my lungs. "...took a midnight train going anywhere!!!" The girls dancing on the bars were fun to watch. A lot of bending over and ass shaking that makes you ponder the perfection present in the bodies of such distinctly and uniquely shaped young women. Drinks were fairly priced. Strong enough, and all that. The wet tshirt contest was totally lame, I have to say. I think I had too much hope for it. The three ladies that participated were cute and wiggled and shimmied and shook all the right parts but I was just so "Eh." about it. The shirts they use need to change, immediately. They are white but you could just barely make out nipple. I think they're ribbed. It was a total disappointment. And they didn't get really crazy. Didn't show anything extra. Maybe due to liquor laws. I don't know. But it just left me wanting to balance my checkbook rather than what you can imagine I wanted to want to do... So I went to Denny's across the street and told an incredible story to my friends. It wasn't the telling that was incredible. It was the story. Perhaps sometime I'll share it with you too, friend. Thanks for reading.
5	My favorite bar in the whole wide world!!! This place is probably what I miss most about AZ.. Although it's in Scottsdale, you do not get the "scottsdale" crowd (thank god) and they play the best music around. If you like bikes, loud rock music, half naked girls and dancing on bars.. this place is a must!
5	Its its own vibe. Most clubs fall into a category of music type and people but Dirty Dogs holds its own.Suppose to be a biker bar and typically there are dozens of bikes outside. But everyone is cool and friendly and fun.I see lots girls from the old town bars who just want to have fun in a non-pretentious bar. Music is great, service is great and 99% everyone is having fun.It's one of the few melting pots of 21 year olds to 60+ year olds. Wednesday is the busy night but Fridays are sometimes fun also.
3	Headed here tonight for a birthday party.I have been to "The Dog" a few times, and it is a must visit at least once. The bartenders are basically female strippers (not quite nude) who dance for you on the bar and hang from the ceiling - it is super busy on the weekends with a diverse crowd from bikers to suits. Lot's of guys and girls hang here. Wild atmosphere!I'll likely end up at Ernie's across the parking lot for some Karaoke after we get toasted tonight.
4	The name pretty much somes it up!!  The Dirty Dogg Saloon is the place to come for some "Dirty" fun.  Its not quite a strip club, and more than a Hooters.  If youre gonna go there, you'd better go with the right people.  This is NOT a place for uptight folk!.  When i first walked in, I was alone and totally sober, which is kind of a strange feeling when the entire place is drunk, and rowdy.  Once my group was all together, and had a couple drinks in me, it became much more fun!!  People dancing everywhere, coyote ugly style dancers almost naked literally swinging from the rafters.  Music ranging from Motley Crue to Eazy E.  They even played an old Eddie Murphy scit from Saturday Night Live.  Bottom line, its a fun place...but you've gotta be in the moooooood.
3	FYI: don't show up to Dirty Dogg in cocktail party attire. you will feel out of place. to be fair, I'd been warned, but I was already in north scottsdale and was not going all the way home to change, so i showed up looking like a lost socialite on saturday night. There was a huge tent chock-full of bikers in the parking lot, a rock band was playing and people were staring at me. awkward. Once Dottsy and Ayesha arrived, and laughed at my outfit, we went inside to get some drinks. The music is pretty rad, and while I would return with a group, this is not my scene. For example, when I think of bikers I picture men in bicycle shorts, not fringed leather. As for the rafter swinging women, well god bless them. I mean, would you swing from the rafters in your underpants? no, you wouldn't. let's recognize these ladies as the modern day heros they are. also, they are really nice to female patrons which is cool since it would be easy to ignore us in favor of the dollar-waving men. I have to say the best part of the night was when Ayesha stuck her butt out and wiggled backwards through a crowd of huge dudes and then got on the bar to try to make a buck. good times.
2	DDS holds a special place in my heart.  It is the first place I remember getting kicked out of voluntarily.  By that, I mean that I left willingly, but when I had to get back in to use the atm they refused to permit me.Why?  I don't know, because it's a miracle that I even remember that.  Who knows what else happened that night, but it can't be good, and now I strenuously refuse to go there ever again.What's that, you ask?  The service?  The food/drink quality?  I don't know about any of this because I was too busy looking through a darkened kaleidoscope of debauchery that included women dancing on the bar and having their bras cut off by the bartenders.  If I had to guess, I would say I probably was just standing there in a stupor with a 15 degree leftward lean going on, the kind of lean that my friends know can only mean one thing: I need to stop drinking.
4	This place has the coldest beer in town period and the hottest bar dancing women after 9:00pm in the planet! at midnight the real fun starts, but that's a different story best experienced and not told. this is a biker super hot spot during Arizona Bike Week.
2	What a joke.It's a "theme"bar gang.That's it.Nothing more.Modeled on a crappy movie.As crappy as the movie was,this is a crappier rendition of Coyote Ugly.Teeny tiny size less than zero waitresses with cartoonishly grotesque bolt ons and overprossessed frosted hair and that fugly candy pink lip gloss.It's laughable to see some of the poseurs who stroll in in their pre-ripped cutoff denim shirts,bandanas around their heads,but with gelled and styled hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Okay,here's a clue.REAL bikers don't gel their hair.NOT when they're riding anyway.Maybe for their job at the Verizon kiosk in the mall,but not for a ride or night out in a badass biker bar.Didn't bother waiting around for all the rafter tricks folks seem to be so fond of.I actually couldn't get the hell out of there fast enough.For a moment I felt like calling some friends to join me just so they could get a laugh,but I didn't want the stigma of having been in there in the first place.Snottsdale plastic people in their fairyland playgrounds...."What did you do last weekend Miffy?""Oh Bitsy,it was so cool.I went to this badass biker bar where there were badasses and bikers.It was so cool.And now I'm so cool and exotic because I hung at the badass biker bar.""Gee Miffy,how will you ever top that raucious escapade?""Well Bitsy,I'm going to attend a hip hop rap event this weekend and talk to some black people.It will be the shizzle""Wow Miffy,I don't know a cooler trust fund princess around!I wish I was as cool and daring as you."Yep...That's about it.....
1	We went there with the expectation of seeing girls swinging from the rafters. No girls swinging from rafters, and after looking up, I didn't really  see any rafters, maybe the lighting. What I did see was a lot of men, biker types, not my scene. It was a Friday and pretty busy, but just too loud to even have a conversation. Finally we saw two girls that were waitresses, dressed normal, but still no chicks swinging from rafters. So after about a half hour of this, we left.
1	A great place if you're a lonely, sweaty middle-aged man looking to stand shoulder to shoulder with more men exactly like you. The staffs entertainment (swinging from rafters, etc) only becomes annoying once you're trying to get a beer and must wait for them to get the hell down from there. And your beer won't be all that cheap either, about 3 bucks a can.I did come here under false pretenses, was told this was a "wild biker bar" but that is just a facade. Nothing dive-like or trashy about this place and the ratio of men to women in this bar is downright creepy. Its wonderful Scottsdale has a place to go to feel like they're slumming without having to get all legitimate about it.
2	This is a love it or hate kinda place and I just don't like it. Yes the girls that work there are half naked and dance on the bar, but I have found them to be kinda rude. I have been there on several occasions and kept thinking it would be different and it never is. One night me and a couple Buddy's were there hanging out and opened a tab (Drivers license and credit card required) I was a little apprehensive to give up my DL but it was my friends birthday and wanted him to have a good time. We were drinking at the bar and during one of there little routines the bartender kicked over his drink dumping it in his lap. Okay no Problem that's a hazard of sitting at the bar, except they refused to replace the almost full drink (J.W. Black) which I thought was bad business but on top of it the girl was rude about it. So about 45min later we decided to go somewhere else, I ask for the tab and low and behold they lost my CC and DL. After advising them I need my license to work they said they will tear the bar apart and I can pick it up after they close (about an hour later). Being a reasonable man I'm cool with that, but they still want me to pay the tab. Unfortunately I carry almost no cash and that was my only credit card so I tell them I have no way to pay. The manager comes out and talks to me and after almost yelling at me that it's a felony it walk out on a bar tab he proceeded to tell me if I don't pay in five minutes he will call the cops. With out missing a beat i tell him that sounds like a great idea and he calmed down after that. We left and they did find the card although not till the next day requiring me to take a sick day. So you read the bad there is some good. The place is busy on Wednesdays and Fridays. The customers are all really nice and easy to talk to they attract the weekend rider types not the hardcore you don't belong here types. It is the place to be during Bike Week, and the bartenders are good eye candy. If you do go and check the place out though watch your drink and pay cash.
3	I like the 'Dogg', I like the location, I like the owners, I like the happy hour prices and I like the staff. But I guess one of their fold is not a fan of mine... seems everytime I walk in here we have a problem... so... I won't be walking in here anymore (a least when she's working) Sorry Jack.I've always lived my life by the golden rule, I treat others how I'd like to be treated myself. And I believe in karma. And there are better biker bars to hang with friends at.
5	Had a great time at this bar!! My friend Mike and I did a road trip to Arizona and we ended up hanging out here 3 nights in a row!  Everyone was cool to us.  I have to give props to the women that work there dancing and bartending.  They were very entertaining and friendly.  The bouncers were really cool to us.  They recognized us and treated us like brothers.  Thanks! :)
4	I've been to this bar multiple times. And I have to admit, it's a smashing good time - every time. I brought my black and Mexican girlfriends here and they were like, "oooh my God we're so out of place." But honestly, they weren't. Yeah it's in Scottsdale. But the patrons are nothing like the typical folk around those parts. They're out to have a damned good time. From the girls swinging from the rafters to the awesome Bad Boys 2 quotes (move bitch!), you can't NOT have a good time here. By the end of the night, my friends had changed their tone about the seemingly white trash bar. Ok ok, it's still a bit white trashy, but whatever. It's FUN white trashy. And I'm white so I can say that. shhh.Expect to leave drunk and satisfied.
4	Gotta tell ya, I love this place.  The girls are friendly, have amazing skills with a hula hoop and the crowd leaves you alone.  The only downside is the cash only policy.  The drinks are strong and big (although they aren't the cheapest).  I want to go back on one of the theme nights (poker night, t-shirt contest night) etc.  They have great movies playing behind the bar. The crowd is a mixed crowd. Much better than old town.  This is authentic and genuine.  This is a bar that locals go to.  If only it were closer....
4	Old man biker bar?  I'm in.  I've been to the DIrty Dogg in my younger years and recently returned.  I had some writing to do so I decided to check out happy hour for some inspiration.  First, the happy hour is amazing!  It's from 3pm - 8pm, longest happy hour ever.  I stuck with the $2 PBR's but they have top shelf liquor for around $4.  The bartender seemed like she'd had a spin around the block in her day and very friendly.  She made sure my brew was never empty even though I had nestled in far away from the bar at a more private booth along the wall.   The bar is spacious, good music on the jukebox and a diverse crowd.  I've seen it get rowdy at night with dancing girls on bars wearing not much clothing with old bikers checking out the goods.  Harmless fun.  I like the metal themed decor and the shuffleboard table for billiard entertainment.  A great place to causally grab a drink or a venue for shenanigans!   The also sell cigars if you're into that kinda thing.
5	Great Bar, Awesome staff. I have quickly become a regular here. If you're looking for a rad place to hang out, this is it without a doubt.
4	Stopped in here Saturday night for Doggtoberfest.  They expanded out into the parking lot and had a live band playing.  Lots of fun and great people watching.  Always a nice relaxed atmosphere at the DD.
3	A coyote ugly knock off but a cool place. The ladies were friendly and there was one who could dance her ass off. Dayum!! Seriously though, I was the token black chic  and had a good time. Except for the one lady that seem to attach herself to me. Weird to say the least. Overall a cool place.Be warned, do not attempt to take any pictures in this place. They will hunt you down and stop you. Especially if the ladies are "performing" on the bar. A big no-no!!!
5	Yup.. This place still kicks ass. Great place to hang out if you want to have a great time.
1	I got two mix drinks midori sour and gin tonic there and told the bartender to close my tab. So my tab came and the total was 31.50! The bartender was really really rude the whole time and kept yelling at me. And even used the "f" word just because I told her the price was ridiculous high. Anyways it ended up I refuse to pay the bill and my boyfriend paid In cash with 0 cent tip. And the girl just tole me "I already void your credit card charge" and would NOT gave me a receipt that proves it. That was my first time there and I was super upset. I had such a terrible night after that happened. And I told all my friends that I'll NEVER ever go back to that place and get yelled by a striper all night.
3	Great neighborhood dive bar with nice views if you know what I mean.  Fun place to hang, day or night.  It gets pretty crowded on weekend nights.  When crowded, you will wish the place was bigger.  Service is quick when you make your way to the Bar but what do you expect from a dive / biker bar?  Oh... it also has designated bike parking right in front of the entry.
1	Dirty and low brow.... I can't even pretend to dig this scene.
5	Divey, dirty, and damn good fun. Love this place. They even let my gf dance on the bar.
4	great little bar.... Gotta luv the bartenders
4	I'll have to go to this place again soon. It's on the small side but it has a patio facing Scottsdale Rd. if you are a smoker. It's a fun bar if you like girls hanging from the ceiling while doing a hoola-hoop light show... no I'm not joking. The girls behind the bar do these little shows on and off through the night. A word of caution, do not sit at the bar if you are a tight ass that wouldn't enjoy a show up close and personal... you take the risk of having your drink knocked over or a bump in the head by a hoola hoop etc. I say it's worth the risk :)Also if you plan to use a credit card, they have a $10 minimum so bring cash if you just stop in for 1 drink. Drink prices seem fair and from what I noticed they have drink specials every day. I didn't see any food offerings but I did see someone bring in a pizza so it seems you are allowed to bring in your own food... perhaps just confirm with the staff on that.
4	Dirty Dogg does not mess around!We showed up on Wednesday night for my friend's birthday. During Biker week. At 7pm, the place was already rocking out to a live band and bartenders hula hooping, upside down above the bar. It's definitely the most unique dive bar I've ever experienced. The tatt'd up bartenders and waitresses are overtly friendly, taking drink orders the second you step in the door. Special occasion, or not, you can do a body shot with any one of them. Be ready to fork over $20 cash for it, though.I've heard Wednesday nights are busy and this night was no exception. Get there as early as you can to secure a table or spot at the bar. I ordered Irish car bombs from our waitress, Brianna. She was nice enough to inform me that they were $11 a pop. Ridiculous! But, "when in Rome," right? They did have cheap Mexican bottled beers to make up for it. They don't serve food, but are OK with bringing in your own. They even offer menus for restaurants that deliver. We ordered NYPD Pizza from next door and ate by bar.Dirty Dogg is a dive bar on steroids: Half biker bar, half strip club. If you plan to stop by, be prepared for a rowdy night.
1	All of my friends were asked what we want to drink the second we got in the door: They wouldn't let my friends nds who walked in together each have their own tab! We had to use one card and break it later. Then one girl wouldn't USE my tab: she had the gall to say she' isn't psychic' and said I have to tell her I want to use my tab before I order. Ive never purchased ANYTHING where I have to say how I want to pay before I order it. Pretty terrible and annoying experience overall.
3	First of all if you are planning on going here you should know what you are getting into. Promiscuously dressed girls with high top converse, leopard print bras, tattoos and lots of eyeliner swinging from the rafters, hula hooping upside down & dancing (quite well actually). Whew, now that you know what you are in for if you are still thinking of attending , let me give you my review. The night to be here is Wednesday nights! Although they have themes such as poker night and karaoke they are fully staffed with entertainers on Wednesdays for their wet t shirt contest in which customers sign up for and upon winning get 200 bucks. A lot of the people doing the contest shouldnt be but thats what makes it fun :). This is by definition , a biker bar. Lots of leather, sons of anarchy clips playing in between classic rock. The girls are talented, spunky, fun but also CUT THROAT stone cold money makers. As soon as you walk in the door they rush you before you even take a seat to get your drink order....they use terms like "do you guys wanna do a shot?" But don't be fooled this is no "its slow and youre the only customers spending money so this ones on me type of shot...its "9 bucks a pop and I just suckered your ass" shot. What's worse is I think they know what they are doing. Last time the girl said, what shots are we taking? Gets the one she suggested which were (miraculously expensive ) then when my friend paid her she stood there like it wasn't enough $...she says oh I'm just waiting to see how you like your shots! He hands her another 5 and she walks away...before they took the shot ! Haha If you are going to be a sniper at least do it a little more inconspicuously. We would have tipped better if we didn't feel like a black widow was sucking the life and money out of us.  Other than that this place is a fun dive with a lot of great people watching and its something to experience at least once :). Wednesdays are 1/2 off drinks for ladies and free entry !
5	I love this place! It's the best dive around and within walking distance from my house in case I need to walk home. But taxi's are lined up in case you aren't as lucky.It is a small place with the same employees FOREVER! So it is easy to get to know everyone. And I love getting a hug from the door guys whenever I get there! For me it is my own little CHEERS!Be prepared for the scantly dressed beautiful women who dance on the bar and hula hoop from the rafters! If you are saddled up to the bar you just might get a boobie hug from your bartender as she spends some time greeting her guests! The music is GREAT! The crowd is always friendly and Jack's team believes that NO ONE should be thirsty! The DOGG is a see it to believe it kind of place! So come on down and if you see me give a YELP!!!!
2	Men who ride motorcycles dont put gel in their hair. A biker bar doesnt have a Botix blonde barbi making out with a kid wearing designer jeans at the bar. You are gonna find your typical Scottsdale posers, so be prepared.
4	Stopped in for about an hour. That's all you need to see the girls doing their crazy dances. Must be every 30 minutes or so. All were attractive of course and they all had some crazy moves. Crowd was a bit older, but clearly more hinged to rougher or bikerish crowd. Not many Scottsdale types in there at all. Bud Light was about $5 for a beer, plus outdoor patio is Ok until smokers invade and ruin everything like always. Lots of TV's also, but they were playing a movie for the the most part. Still entertaining for the novelty of the dancing bartenders.
4	It's been awhile since I had been here but went in the other day for a beer before grabbing dinner down the street. First and foremost Wednesday nights are always rowdy in this place with the famous wet t shirt contest going on. It's a great hole in the wall bar with the biker attitude. Don't let that turn you away if it's not your scene I've seen Fred Couples drinking in here before.
5	This bar is a staple in scottsdale! I think they've been open 10 years must be doing something right. Hot woman dancing on the bar and great service! The staff greets you at the door and makes sure your drink is never empty. You will not go thirsty in this place.. If you're looking for great drink specials, awesome people, woman swinging from the rafters and great service you have arrived! Best nights are Wednesdays they have a killer wet shirt contest. FYI try the body shots. Only downside is having to take a cab home but that too is provided for you.. There's always a line of them out front. Cheers!
5	Holy T&A Batman! This bars got it all: women, booze, and more importantly women. Sexy sexy near naked vixens that can make you a mean drink, and put a smile on your face. With country music blasting out of the speakers the bartenders will mount the stage and put on a dance show worthy of Michael Flatley. One piece of advice, leave the kids at home, and invest in a body shot.
5	Always a good time! Good people, hot girls dancing and hula hooping on the bar, strong drinks, fast service, and awesome music!!!
4	I LOVE this bar. I am a big metal music fan, so finding a bar that plays good music and doesn't require formal attire is awesome. The drink prices are okay, sometimes a little high. They host a lot of fun events and bike rides and have a fun crew. I miss Shelley and Aimee, but the current girls are okay. It can get really packed on weekends. There is limited seating and a small outdoor patio, but it is still a ton of fun.
4	Interesting spot at scottsdale in shea. Has been here for many years. Kind of is a north scottsdale harley biker bar but welcomes anyone. bartenders put on a great show every night on the bar. My favorite is jenny she is an incredible bartender person as well as dancer. Keep up the great work beautiful
5	Love this place.. First time in and not the last.. Hole in the wall joint.. Great atmosphere and environment for having fun.. They have an excellent playlist..
5	How this place gets any negative reviews blows my mind..I travel throughout the country on my motorcycle and have been in more saloons/taverns than most , when I first arrived in the Scottsdale The Dirty Dogg was the first place I checked out, I was welcomed as if I was a long time patron, the ladies that work there were nothing but friendly and entertaining, the service was spot on..I met a lot of good people while I was there... As far as the price of drinks they were just a little higher than most places but well worth it with the music (great music) and entertainment.. Remember, this is "Scottsdale" not Buzzard Breath, Wyoming.. Definite 5 Stars from me and I surely will be back...Happy Trails..
5	Went here with a couple of Navy buds on an off weekday night so we didn't get to see the place cranking. Nonetheless it was a good time. There's shuffleboard,  speed bag,  and street level people watching for entertainment. Smoking hot ladies working the bar never hurts. When it's going off the girls get on the bar and do an impressive hula hop routine.  A must visit if you're in the area and looking for a good time.
5	This is one of the best bars in town! If you have out of town guests, bring them to the Dirty Dogg Saloon. This place is edgy and fun. You and your guests will have a blast watching the girls dance on the bar. They play great music, and a lot of great people hang out there.
5	One of the best biker bars in the Phoenix area. From the bartenders that dance and swing from the ceiling to their big hearted owner, this "dive bar" is a must stop for any thing they do. Expect the place to be packed. They don't cook food but they have food catered in at times. Pick up one of their t-shirts or a hat while you're their enjoying a cold one. Did I mention they have a pool table? Smoking patio out back too.
5	Dirty Dogg Saloon is a place you'll never forget. From amazing drink prices, the awesome swinging and dancing bartenders, and to the fantastic music mix unforgettable is the word that comes to mind.  It gets packed and the weekends so you want to get there early to make sure you get a seat. The bartenders start dancing at 10 but with a little persuasion you can get them up there before then.  Great staff, fun customers, and all around good time!
1	I still am not impressed. Ditsy old and trailer park looking bartender didn't pay attention to my simple drink order. A tall jack n coke... Brought out a rocks glass and asked me to pay.... I wasn't done ordering and wanted to save her the embarrassment by correcting her bout her mistake so i drank it anyway. Hopefully I won't get dragged here ever again
5	One of my favorite bars, it's a biker bar and has hula girls that dance on the bar! Good music, drinks are kind of pricey,  but it's a fun low key atmosphere!
1	I still am not impressed. Ditsy old and trailer park looking bartender didn't pay attention to my simple drink order. A tall jack n coke... Brought out a rocks glass and asked me to pay.... I wasn't done ordering and wanted to save her the embarrassment by correcting her bout her mistake so i drank it anyway. Hopefully I won't get dragged here ever again
5	What is a dive bar about ? The people? The service? Yes! But also its uniqueness. Dirty Dog Saloon has proven to me to be one of not the most unique bar I have found in my travels.It has become one of my "most visit" places when I'm in AZ.It is a biker bar, but all kinds of people are welcome and you will feel welcome when you enter the bar, by the people and by the staff. Fun you ask? Yes! Loud music, beautiful bartenders, God drinks, full bar, cold drinks.What something different? Sit at the bar and tip one of the bartenders Come on a Thursday and enjoy great great great live music on a friendly environment in which you get to share a beer with the band. Like crazy? High season on a Wednesday you have the craziest wet t-shirt contest.You like it a little less crowded come on a Tuesday and enjoy a game of 8 ball on the pool table.For me this place would be amazing with draft beer and maybe  some food, at least chips or peanuts?Anyway the way it is now is an amazing concept that puts to shame any Coyote Ugly bar (yes even the original or the movie for that matter)Enjoy!! (I know you will)
3	This place is pretty cool.  Be prepared for a rowdy crowd on weekend nights.  Biker dive bar with hot waitresses who seem genuinely friendly and dance on the bar(bonus). Had fun here two nights on my trip to Scottsdale.
