4	I heard this place originated in Beverly Hills and the owner opened a second location here in Vegas. Totally feels like Beverly Hills, with the mosaic tables and all. Rachel's Kitchen sits in the heart of Summerlin. When we got there, there was about twenty kids around kindergarten age, chaperoned by four women. Rich women who drove Navigators and such. My bf and I ordered a burger and a drink apiece, plus bf's soup and our bill came out to just under $30. The soup was a vegetarian split pea soup. It lacked that certain wholesome, salty, smokey, meatiness that meat gives, but I always appreciate a meatless alterantive ... even though tasty meat is so tasty ... Bf got a gorgonzola burger. He said it seemed healthy, fresh, and nicely portioned, "a nice alternative to like, Chili's." They sub out Gardenburgers for any burger patty, so I got a sauteed mushroom Gardenburger with swiss. It was pretty basic. I paid $8.50 for that bad boy. The fries and onion rings were mediocre. I also got an Incredible Hulk, a smoothie with banana, PB, tofu, and some other stuff. It was a'ight. The lady helping us was super friendly and acoomodating. The place had about eight small tables, each could sit two adults or four rugrats. I'd like to go back and check out their pastas. Worth going back. Everything on the menu is under $10. But right under $10, ya know. * off the strip, non-casino
4	Clean Californian style cooking,  I had a sample of the curry wrap and it was good, i myself went for the lighter side menu and had a grilled chicken sandwich.service was quick, some outdoor seating , meal was great.  a bit on the pricey side, but then its summerlin what do you expect.ill be back
5	This small kitchen has some great food from amazingly good burgers to healthy stuff like fruit bowls and salads. They serve a good breakfast and lunch yet I haven't tried the dinner yet. Try them out, it's worth it.
5	How can you not love this place. The food is unbelievable, staff is super friendly and the location is really nice and quiet. This place gets super packed during lunch hours though and it sucks that it's a small venue, but apart from that i have no problems with this place. I recommend the breakfast burrito, garden pasta and the smoked turkey and avocado sandwich
4	A favorite Summerlin spot for breakfast, lunch, or (takeout) dinner.Ready in 15 minutes: Favorites are the Signature Pasta or the Mac and Cheese (with mushrooms and onions).  All the breakfast items are excellent.Tip: If Pecan Bars are in stock, treat yourself. Totally worth it.
3	I appreciate what Rachel's Kitchen brings to Vegas - really, I do.  Fresh, whole food in a casual atmosphere is just the kind of lunch place that was in demand.  The problem for me is that it's only ok and overpriced.  I mean, I'm ordering a salad or a sandwich at a counter for $10.  Already a little much, the food is just so so for it to be worth the price.  Still, I respect what they're trying to do and I know the Summerlin residents love it.
4	Ordered the breakfast burrito and french toast. Good portion sizes. Fresh fruit. Smoothies very chunky. Tasted good, they just need bigger straws. French toast was okay. Was just three smallish slices of a roll and not actually normal slices of bread. Burrito was okay. Tastes good with some hot sauce.
4	I live in a city of franchises (no thanks to all the tax incentives). Then Rachel's Kitchen pops up within walking distance. If you get off the 215 on Town Center and blink, you'll miss it. It's right next to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.A show like "Check, Please! Bay Area" (San Fran Bay Area show on PBS where locals showcase their favorite local restaurants.) would NEVER work in Vegas, but if there was a "Check, Please! Las Vegas" I would be on it with Rachel's Kitchen (Firefly would be a very close second). The Arugula Pear Salad $8.75 has got to be my favorite salad on the planet! It's crisp, made refreshing by the sweetness of the pear, savory with the slices of fennel, and rounded out by the bursts of goat cheese & pecans (I used to HATE goat cheese until I ate this salad. Now I LOVE IT).The BBQ Chicken Wrap $9.95 is sweet and tangy all wrapped in Kermit green spinach wrap. The fries are real (like In-N-Out), not like the ones from McD's that have been under your car seat for years without molding.Most of all, I love sitting outside, eating on those small tables with the mosaic tiles, and enjoying California'ish cuisine in Nevada. The food makes me forget that I'm sitting by a parking lot with no views.
4	This place is great, it is a counter service little cafe place but they cook up fresh good quality food.  They have wraps, sandwiches, pastas, salads, smoothies, and breakfast.  My favorite thing there is the 440 sandwich which is chicken, roasted tomatoes and bells, goat cheese, avocado, on ciabatta.  Nothing is greasy and everything tastes fresh.  They also have a nice little patio out front to dine al fresco if it's nice outside.  It is kind of a scene being the type of place it is and being in the middle of summerlin but no big deal, there are usually a bunch of hot summerlin mom's to check out while you wait for your food.Thew only down side is this place is a tad on the expensive side, everything from 9 - 11 bucks I think, if it was a deal I would give it a 5 possibly, there food does come with fries, salad, or rings so it is't too bad.Overall a great place, the kind of place vegas needs more of.
2	I had a really poor, over-priced veggie burger here. The place was full and busy at 3:00 in the afternoon, so apparently it's popular. I'll give it another chance, but even the salad I sampled from my dining partner (since mine was so bad) was just OK.
4	I had seen Rachel's Kitchen for months and I always noticed there was a crowd there when I drove by which prompted me to make a mental note to try this place.  Fellow Yelpers also seemed to really enjoy it and who am I to argue with the masses?  So I headed over there for a little lunch and I too am now part of the chorus singing Rachel's praises.The place is tiny but charming...as charming as can be in a Summerlin strip mall.  There are maybe 8 tables inside and double that outside so if you go at peak lunch hours, you may have a weight.  The menu is simple but thoughtful with a range of creative sandwiches, burgers, salads, pastas and wraps.  Perfect food for a sun drenched place like Las Vegas.  Im a sucker for a good burger so I opted for the Gorgonzola Burger and fries.  You can also get a small side salad or onion rings in lieu of the fries.  I found the burger to very good, not the best ever, but good enough to keep coming back.  The fries were average but stealing a glance at my neighbors table I saw the onion rings may be the way to go next time.  Speaking of the neighboring table, they also had salads which looked to be big and fresh.  I guess Ill just have to make a couple more trips back to see if my stomach agrees with my eyes.  I like that you order at the counter and they bring it out to you...perfect for lunch because sometimes you dont want or need full service.  Soft Drinks and teas are also help yourself and help myself I did because when you have to sit outside on a 107 degree day, refills are a huge saving grace.  I also noticed they had a simple but interesting breakfast menu that looks worth exploring.  Rachel's Kitchen is a nice alternative to a chain or having to go inside a casino for one of  their restaurants and all the production that comes with it.  Summerlin could use more little "bistro" style restaurants  like Rachel's...it really helps create a cosmopolitan type vibe that cities like Chicago or Seattle have.  Prices were a tad high, but what isnt 8-9 dollars these days anyways?  Cant wait to take my mom here the next time she visits and I dont take my mom just anywhere so that should tell you something...
4	Had Fetuccine Alfredo for my first visit and Signature Pasta and berry smoothie for my second. I am a fan. I saw some breakfast meals looked yummy. Dish is hot when served, location is perfect being close to 215.  I will be a regular.
4	4 stars for cleanliness and food quality. 3 stars for price for what you get. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and felt like I should do yoga for the rest of the week. This place is a cute, neighborhood eatery. It has a casual patio sitting area (the inside is small). I like all the choices they have for breakfast and lunch. Apparently, the pasta there is the best, so will have to try that next time. My sandwich did come out a little burnt, no biggie, but would stock up on better bread for any and all sandwiches. If you're in the area worth the try!
3	Been here a couple of times. Really nothing special, food is ok at best, more crowded than it should be. I have a friend who frequents this place for milf watching and that's about all this place is good for. Gave two tries and I won't be back.
5	Fantastic. Places like this were fairly common in LA, but in Vegas they are hard to find. Good, health-conscious food. I had the chicken salad sandwich and she had something with goat cheese and roasted red peppers. Both were great. Wish they had fresh lemonade but I won't take a star for that. But seriously, we need a good arnold palmer to go with lunch.
3	The Skinny: wholesome cafe eats but so-so sweet breakfast offerings (3), service: it's counter service so don't expect much, wouldn't recommend for large groups because tables are small and can hold 4 people only(3), value: it is overpriced for what it is (2).This is a local gourmet cafe spot  filled with yoga topped Mamas with their young in tow. Tables are small and are best suited to 4 people maximum - however even with 4 people, your knees will be knocking each other. We came here twice: once because we just missed brunch and had to order off their lunch menu, second time just for brekkie.We had the curry chicken salad sandwich and their turkey club. For breakfast, we tried their french toast and pancakes.The turkey club ($11) and a nice amount of filling and was standard fare. But really, how can you screw up a sammy that has bacon in it? (if you do, it's a travesty!) Loved the thin slices of bread but would have prefered real turkey breast (not deli slices).  The salad was pretty ordinary with a generic supermarket balsamic vinaigrette on top.The curry chicken ($10) sandwich was okay, not enough curry flavour. The sides of fries were a little on the soggy side and not satisfying.We returned for breakfast. Ordered a plate of chocolate chip/banana pancakes and french toast. Both plates came with a side of fruit.First of both portion sizes are very Jenny (aka Jenny Craig) for the price ($8 ish). If you're looking for a good tuck-in with sausage and eggs with a mile-high stack, this is not the place to get it. The french toast was okay - the center was rather dry because the batter wasn't given sufficient time to permeate the bread. So it didn't have that luxurious eggy, fluffy center.Pancakes were overly moist and not crisp from the fruit and chocolate embedded in there. Flavours were nice but it was hard to overlook the texture.Overall, this place rates a low 3 star review and I don't feel the urge to return anytime soon.
4	When my husband and I got out of our car and walked  towards Rachel's Kitchen guess who we see sitting down in the patio area...Las Vegas Entertainer alert ..Penn from Penn and Teller. I thought that was pretty cool even though I've never watched their show. I tried not to stare too much because that' would be rude so we ventured in. I ordered the Chicken Salad Sandwich on Sourdough with a side of salad. My husband had the same except he had his with Cibatta bread and a side of fries. The Chicken Salad had grapes, apples, celery,scallions and watercress. It felt very light and tasted like something you would have at a summer picnic. It was delicious and not your typical chicken salad which was refreshing to me. The salad that came with my meal was very fresh and the dressing complimented it perfectly. I also had their Shangri La tea which had a nice flavor to it..it didn't need much sweetener. I liked the atmosphere ..we sat in the outdoor seating area where I had a good view of Penn's pony tail. It felt very relaxing especially today because the weather was perfect!
4	Excellent breakfast spot.  I had "The Favorite".  Three eggs scrambled with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, avocado, mushrooms and basil.  I remember hearing the tune of "These are a few of my favorite things" running in my head as I read the menu.  It was excellent, I had a great experience.  I will definitely be back.
4	Great breakfast spot in Vegas.  I love how quaint the place is and the brief menu choices.  I love love love their pancakes and their grilled cheese!  You must try everything there.  It's all worth it.
5	I have been to both Rachel's kitchens in town. They are both great but this location seems a bit better and has a few more options... They have a daily special which is always different if you happen to catch it on a berry salad day... Get it!!!! It is the best salad I have ever had! If not... All of there salads are delicious... You can't go wrong, huge portions, and healthy too!
4	Happy to have found a healthier meal option right in our neighborhood.  Rachel's Kitchen offers fresh sandwiches, burgers, wraps, pastas, salads, and smoothies.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  There are a couple tables inside and some more outside.  We've only been once but the sandwiches my hubby and I ordered were fresh and delicious.  We look forward to going back for some more.
5	I love Rachel's Kitchen because it's easy to be healthy here! A great example of this is when my husband tried to replicate a Denver Omelet and he asked for ham. The guy behind the counter said they don't carry ham so he chose turkey instead. My husband said it was still good! Roberto's Breakfast Burrito has been knocked out of first place in my book and replaced with Rachel's version! It had egg whites, avocado, salsa and Swiss cheese. It was light but not on taste the flavors came together to create a very crave worthy burrito! Yum!
4	Really good food... If you go there, you have to try the "SUNRISE SMOOTHIE, and the" HASH BROWNS". They are to die for.
3	So far I've visited Rachel's kitchen twice and the two items I had, I wasn't  impressed with at all.1st item: The Garden BurgerThe patty wasn't greasy at all, which I liked. However, it lacked any flavor and it only came with avocado and lettuce, which still left the burger extremely bland.  Perhaps, if I add tomatoes, onions, and some seasoning it would have been wonderous, but I expected their food to be prepared that way already.  A great option here was you get your choice of either a side salad or fries.  That way, you can easily have healthy food choices.2nd item: Arugula Pear Salad + Chicken addedLet me say, you get a huge portion of food! Well, at least I did with this salad.  Completely happy about the portion, I wasn't too thrilled about the chicken.  The chicken fell on the dry side and the goat cheese was a bad mix because of that.  Although, the other components of the salad wasn't a complete failure. I loved the pear, caramelized pecans, and the lemon vinaigrette.  Again, perhaps, I just need to feel out the menu first and customize things to my liking. While I was there, I saw some of the workers on break having some deliciously looking pastas. I'll have to come back and try more of the menu.  What I loved about this place was their vibrant green tiled tables and cafe environment. They even had tables outside, where I brought along my dog, where we enjoyed the great outdoors together.  The Gardens Park is even right across the street if you feel like a little stroll after you eat.  Overall, great atmosphere, set up, and location.  As for food, I'll have to try more things on their menu.
3	Such a cozy little cafe. From patries, to smoothies, to gourmet burgers.Came here with the bf around lunch. I had the Gorgonzola burger with fries, and he had the bbq bacon burger with the onion rings. The fries were nothing special at all. In fact, it wasn't really fresh. But the burger, I had medium well, was made right laced with a little pink hue. The shredded romaine lettuce was so fresh, it was crispier than a potato chip. unfortunately, I don't like shredded, for the reason it spills everywhere. I tried his bacon burger, it was pretty good- wholesome. Looks like they pick only the best quality in bacon. And yes, bacon has its grade-a's.The customer service is ok, they pay more attention to their regulars and nothing really special for the noobs. i'd come here again to try out the pasta..
3	An informal gathering of breakfast goers on the weekend and Rachel's Kitchen in Summerlin is suggested.It's set up more like a fast food restaurant - you head up to the counter to put your order in and they give you a number and you take your seat.I ordered the Breakfast Burrito "Scrambled eggs, salsa, avocado and swiss cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla, served with breakfast potatoes." ($7.25) and was surprised with how boring it tasted.  Although it had other fixings in it, it just tasted like eggs and nothing else.  I only ate half and brought the rest home (to jazz up for later). The potatoes were uninspiring as well.The Husband ordered something from the breakfast menu too and was disappointed as well.  We can't even remember what it was, sadly enough.Maybe it was our mistake that we both ordered two of the most boring items on the menu and that's why we were left disappointed.  Maybe you'll have better luck with their lunch items?
4	Great food.Great staff.They made me a breakfast burrito even though it was past the b.fast cut-off time.Homefries were tasty and not oily or over-seasoned.  Really impressed me...Wife had the Tuna sandwich and loved it...not a sea of mayo which she hates.Staff was cool and freindly, but did not pester us.The decor was a suprise...I expected a "diner" or "cafe"given the name.but it was comfortable and the music playing was a great choice.Most impressive was the beer and wine offerings...only a few selections, but certainly the only ones you need.
5	LORD HAVE MERCY! The signature penne pasta is something that I now crave on a constant basis. The dish includes a creamy tomato sauce with mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, chicken and eggplant, which makes for an amazingly tasty meal. I have finally found something worth coming to Rachel's Kitchen for. Guess I just wasn't too lucky my first 2 experiences, but third times a charm.
4	I like that they are cheap wholesome food.I really love the Parmesan Scone and Bacon Muffin.  They also have really amazing salads( I like Chinese chicken and pear the best).  I also like the multi grain pancake.
5	Today's lunch choice was Rachel's Kitchen and let me say... It was like eating a Julia Childs meal without all the butter and well without anything like Julia Childs would make.... It was awesome and healthy.We have decided at work to order nothing but good foods for now on and the first choice was Rachels Kitchen. I Personally had the "440" This amazing mound of goodness has the following ingredients:Grilled Chicken Breast Goat CheeseAvocadoRoasted Red Peppers Roasted TomatoesRomain Lettuce. On a crispy chibatta roll with a fresh salad with a balsamic vinaigretteAs you can see, No mayo or any sauces but between the goat cheese and avocado you do not need it. For those of you that know me, I am not a huge sandwich person and this was one heck of a sandwich. I would invite ole Rachel into my place any day to come whip up one of these bad boys!!Another plus was that the entire order was made to perfection No mistakes and not just sloppily through in boxes like some other places we order from. Knowing that this is the first time we have ventured into our new healthy options folder, I think Rachels will be a consistent part of our lunch schedule especially since the menu seems to offer tons of healthy alternatives to a Double Double heart stopper or a quick Cardiac quesadilla!!!
4	You ever walk in to an eatery and feel as if you entered someone's home?  Rachel's does just that.  They have a small little place on Town Center Drive that is very clean, has friendly staff and great food.  Their chairs are outdoor patio furniture covered with different hues of blue tiles.  When you enter the staff great you with a smile, give you time to make your decision on what to eat, and help you out if you look stuck.  I have to say that I really like their Ultimate Grilled Cheese -- three types of gooey cheese melted with freshly sliced tomato, and some home fries on the side.  Their home fries are dry, not greasy, and their grilled cheese is crispy but soft on the inside.  Overall, a great little meal that's sure to please.Their menu isn't a book like some restaurants, but they have enough variety to make you take a few minutes to order something.  Their fresh juices are great, especially the watermelon, and they have fruit bowls and muffins for lighter fare.Give Rachel's a try.  It's worth stopping by when you're in the area.
4	I've only been here for breakfast but I'm sure the rest of the menu is just as good. Items are healthy and ingredients are fresh.  A bit on the pricier side but you get what you paid for.
4	Rachel's Kitchen is a great place to go for lunch. Really small, but nice and quaint.  Great sandwiches, salads, and breakfasts. Pretty healthy too.
3	Meh. The quality and quantity of their food is definitely a let down, especially considering their pricing. Its just ok for most part. I guess in a town of corporate food chains this place is a nice change of pace though.
3	I went there with my girlfriend as I wanted to try something new and she had liked this place from before. I have to say, I was a disappointed, in the price and the food. The place was also a little cramped. I must admit the portion was huge and the greens were fresh. I had a goat cheese salad with grilled chicken on top. The chicken was ok and the dressing was a bit watery and under seasoned as well as well. I added some salt and it tasted better.Did you know salad started from the romans who called it herba salta, meaning salted vegetables?That's right, season your salads ;)All in all I can see the place doing well, but I don't see me in any rush to try it again.
4	Can you handle the following type of crowd: Summerlin housewives fresh out of a workout, lawyers with fancy leather jackets and Harleys, Glen Lerner, and magazine ready couples with their beautiful little children? If so, you can handle Rachel's.It was very nice out so the crowd partook in the abundance of outdoor seating. Indoors, there were only about 8-10 tables so I am unsure how they manage on cold days since it was very busy on Saturday. It is a quick order type of place in which you walk up to the counter, order, take a number and wait for them to bring it out.   The food was WOW OH WOW! I got the chicken curry sandwich and sweet potato fries. I was given the option to substitute a fruit salad which I declined. Even though this does not sound very healthy it was as healthy as one can make a sandwich and fries. The fries were crispy but not greasy and the chicken curry was so smooth.  I stole a bite of hubby's breakfast burrito which was so good. It was not your typical greasy, fall out of the burrito type of breakfast burrito. The pico de gallo on it was so nommerific. I glanced over as the waitress brought the next table over a chicken Caesar salad which looked AMAZE!The prices were about 7-10 dollars a plate.If you are looking for healthy, delicious, quick dining, go to Rachel's!
4	After a movie at Green Valley Ranch I was feeling like I needed to eat. Out with my friend who frequents The District, she suggested Rachel's Kitchen. It was night (when The District is a bit less chaotic) and on top of that the weather was not very nice for people to be out and about in an outdoor shopping promenade. So, when we entered Rachel's there was few people to be found and those that were there dispersed and we enjoyed our meal all by ourselves. I have seen Rachel's Kitchen a lot more packed, so this is obviously not a testament to their popularity, just the situation in which I went there.I got the turkey avocado sandwich. It was pretty good. The bread was toasted just right and the cheese and chicken were in perfect amounts. I hate it when I get sandwiches where the meat is just completely overtaking the sandwich. Rachel's knows how to correctly make a sandwich. However - one complaint is that I wish there had been a BIT more avocado. I mean, I LOVE avocado and if it is on a menu then I'm definitely going to order it. I can see Rachel's being really popular during the day with really nice weather. The outside seating makes up for the fact that the inside is a teeny bit too small. If the place had been packed I could imagine it would be kind of irritating to be in such a small place with so many people. But, with weather permitting I would definitely take a seat outside.Why doesn't Rachel's get 5 Stars? It's in The District. I do enjoy The District, but often I find it kind of pretentious. Snooty Summerlin families with teacup dogs and little kids running around just are not my cup of tea. But Rachel's knows what they're doing. I hope to make a return trip to try their breakfast in the near future!
4	They have a great fresh and healthy menu. Their salads and wraps are delicious. They have a fresh juices which I love.
2	I've heard good things about Rachel's Kitchen, but honestly I was underwhelmed. The BBQ chicken wrap was bland and a little dry. I almost always clean my plate but it wasn't worth it to finish the whole thing. The sweet potato fries were decent, though. The grilled vegetable and chicken salad was drowning in dressing, rendering it almost inedible. The pancakes -- advertised as being light and fluffy -- needed to be lighter and fluffier.On a Saturday morning and afternoon it can be tough to get a table as much of Summerlin descends upon this place. We lucked out and got a table right after we ordered. Too bad the food wasn't worth it. I may go back to give them another shot because other items on the menu sound good. I just hope I won't be disappointed again.
4	So I have lived down the street from this place for 2.5 years and never stopped in.  Why?  No clue!I will definitely heading back here soon!Rachel's Kitchen is a little restaurant located next to The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf and is constantly humming with business!My friend and I stopped in there around 1:30pm on a Saturday and it was rainy.  So it was JAMMED PACKED inside, since no one could sit outside.  We placed our order at the counter, waited for a table to leave & be cleared and we sat down.  They bring the food out to you!We both ordered the Grilled Vegetable & Chicken Salad: romaine lettuce, eggplant, zucchini, roasted red bell peppers, yellow squash, tomatoes and cucumbers tossed with balsamic basil vinaigrette dressing.Very good!  The portions are large, so definitely ask for a to-go box.I can't wait to go back to try the Chopped Salad, Chinese Chicken Salad and some of their smoothies!  yum!
2	Ok not great.
5	This place has great healthy foods and the staff is awesome! Ask for Adriana or Cecilia at the counter and tell them Alex Simon sent you. They'll treat you like royalty!
4	I wish there were more places like Rachel's Kitchen that serve gourmet soups/salads/sandwiches.  For value, I go to Sweet Tomatoe's, Jason's Deli, and Souper Salads.  But if I want something more yummy, I definitely head to Rachel's.I usually don't order the same things but I can't help but order their Arugula Pear salad which also comes with shaved fennel, goat cheese, caramelized pecans in this tasty vinaigrette.I've also ordered the Curry Chicken Salad and Grilled Vegetable. Make it an outting and walk the beautiful park across the street and if you go on a Tuesday, you can check out the Farmer's Market afterwards.
3	My return visit to Rachel's Kitchen! I arrived just around 11:20 AM on a Saturday morning and the place was bustling, although not overly packed. The outside dining area had pretty much every table full of Summerlin moms and a scattering of elderly people and young people enjoying brunch or just coffee outside in the nice weather. I believe Rachel's Kitchen attracts quite a wide range of people.I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and asked for bacon to be put it in it. The service was very nice and the cashier was pleasant. I quickly retreated outside to find a place to sit and found a partially-shaded table that was perfect. The food came out quick. I thought the burrito was very generous with its fillings. There was a lot of eggs, very well cooked, and a good amount of bacon. The pico de gallo inside was not over-powering (especially for someone like me, who HATES cilantro). However, my same complaint as before - I saw avocado on the ingredients list and I was over-joyed with happiness - BUT the burrito was somewhat lacking in my expectation of avocado goodness. Perhaps I have learned my lesson and will order EXTRA avocado from here on out. The burrito also came with little potatoes and ketchup to dip them in. I only had a few, because the burrito was very large, in fact - I didn't finish it!Rachel's Kitchen is great for an outdoor brunch. I do like it, but again it is in The District and if you can deal with a little bit of the snooty customers who inhabit this particular shopping center, than you will be fine. I will only subject myself to it when I truly need to go out of my way - as is the case with grabbing a bite to eat at Rachel's Kitchen.
4	Went to Rachels for Mothers Day....although there is not much seating inside we managed to snag a spot! My boyfriend and I ordered the breakfast burrito, french toast and watermelon juice! The French was fantastic and came with a side of fruit :) The burrito was good but would have tasted way better with bacon!! Im craving another watermelon juice as I type this!!! Will def be going back!
4	My friend and I ramdomly picked  this place for breakfast the other morning. There were so many choices that I stuck with something simple and got granola with yogurt and fruit while my friend opted for an egg white and spinach wrap. I was surprised by the portion of yogurt and granola definitely couldn't eat that much in one sitting, but it was awesome especially since they use nonfat greek yogurt and the granola had raisins, cranberries and currants yum!!! The wrap also looked pretty good and my friend definitely seemed to enjoy it though she suggested they could've have put a little less tomato since it was so hot that juice was running out every time she took a bite. I would definitely have to make a plan to go for lunch. Until next time yelpers stay eatin and stay full.
1	First I need to say that I have worked in many restaurants in this town since I was 15.  I am now 38 and a classically trained french chef.  So I walk in it looks nice, the tables need to be wiped down but it's lunch time and they look busy.  I walk up look at the menu and see that everything is $9 to $11.  Ok there must be something special about the sandwiches, wraps or salads that they charge that much for.  I order the Turkey Club, I am thinking "ok for $11 maybe it is a Turkey Cutlet with some different type of mayo like an aioli  or cranberry or something."  Then my wife orders the Gorganzola burger and they ask how she wants it cooked she says medium.  So I say to myself "wow, cool they are cooking to order instead of just shoe leather."   Then I order the Kids Pasta with Meat Sauce for my  3 y/o.  They asked me what side I wanted on my sandwich so I look up and they offer French Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, salad or Onion Rings.  I think "wow I haven't had onion rings in a while I am excited I will get the onion rings."  My wife gets the French Fries.  We order three drinks and we are on our way.  Well we sit down inside and I realize they gave us only two cups.  So I go and ask for the third one that we paid for.  The lady who took our order hands it to me.  Then this Mexican guy says you already have three cups on your table.  I said no we don't we only have two and I ask him if he is calling me a liar?  He says no that I have made a mistake and that I have three on the table.  So now I am furious and tell him to come over to the table.  I count the cup for him and he says what about the water cup.  I said it is what they gave us for the lemons we asked for, for the tea.  I said we paid for 3 cups and I want three cups not two with a water cup.  And then he says sorry and goes back to the kitchen.  I am thinking wow are you kidding me that this guy is ready to throw down over a cup.  Then when it was his mistake he only appologises as he is walking back to the kitchen.  Then our meals come out. I look over my sandwich and there is nothing special about it at all.  It is lunch meat with lettuce, tomato and bacon on white bread.  They didn't even cut it they way a Club is supposed to be cut.  Then I notice my onion rings that I was excited about and there were only three onion rings. THREE!!!!!!!!.  Two of them weren't even that big.  So I ask the lady why I only got three onion rings and she says well that is our lunch portion and I reply well it certainly wasn't the lunch price.  Then she asks me if I want more and tell her no I don't want anything from this place.  Then of course my wife's burger is shoe leather and the best thing I can say about my kids pasta is that it had not taste to it.  They didn't cook the pasta in salted water and the meat sauce tasted so bland they probably got it out of a jar.  My whole experience here was terrible and I will never go back.  I work in the restaurant business and word of mouth is everything.  Well I will never have anything good to say about Rachael's Kitchen other than it is laughable that they are trying to franchise this place.
2	God. I'm spoiled rotten. When I moved back to Vegas after living in DC and San Fran, all I heard was how great, fresh, awesome and wholesome this place was from my BFs. Being in San Fran, you get so used to fresh and healthy and organic everything, you get so jaded, and take stuff like that for granted. In Vegas, there is not a lot of really fresh, organic FAST fare, save a Whole Foods, etc, so I jumped at the chance to try this place. After my fresh pedicure at Alexus Nail Bar, (which is in the same center) I ventured over to met my friend for lunch. First, I was shocked to see how small it was. I guess that is either here nor there, but every damn table was taken inside and out. And with the snotty Summerlin types. Ugh. But  I thought, ok...it's busy, that's a good sign I guess.  I ordered the turkey and avocado sandwich and a tea. Almost 15 bucks. Grrr. Then it came. Pretty small and unimpressive. Didn't look like it was made with any love, that's for sure. And it tasted like a preprepared sandwich at say, a Fresh and Easy or a Whole Foods. But wait. I liked the preprepared sandwiches from Fresh and Easy and Whole Foods a lot better. I guess I can say that I'm glad that places like Rachel's even exist in Vegas and are making the effort. For that, I applaud them. The last thing this town needs is another KFC or Taco Bell. We just don't have fast,  fresh organic food as readily available here from "non- chains" like they have on the coasts. I always had access to places like that, but here, yes, we have some of the best restaurants in the world on the strip, etc, but after that, you mostly have chains or non healthy fast food places. "Healthy" is just still not a buzzword here. So I guess I am a spoiled snob who just HATES that about Vegas.As far as Rachel's Kitchen goes, I don't care what anyone says. This place does not live up to my standards for what you are supposedly paying for. You're better off getting a made to order sandwich at Whole Foods. Pass.
4	Great fresh tasting food with some unique menu items.  I love this place but it is an expensive lunch spot.  My only issue is I wish I could afford to come here more often.
4	I love the "the favorite" breakfast menu. The scramble egg went pretty well with the goat cheese. The basil and tomato egg was simple and delicious. It's a cute and delicious place for breakfast. Would definitely come back.
5	It's official. Rachel's is officially a 5-Star place for me. I've been here now on three occasions and although my reviews before this one were not 5-Stars, I gotta push them up to the 5-Star mark.Today I had the turkey and avocado sandwich with a side salad and a cup of water. The people working here are genuinely nice and professional at the same time. You can tell they all enjoy working here and are happy to put a lot of work into really good food.The side salad is perfect in my opinion. Greens are crispy, dressing is perfectly portioned and tangy, AND they serve their salads wish sliced radishes! Who does that?! I hardly ever see anyone put radishes on salads! The sandwich was yummy too.Menu is awesome and offers something for everyone. I will say I think it is a bit on the pricey side, BUT you are in The District. Honestly I just love Rachel's Kitchen and the next time I go I am trying one of the salads or the pastas!
5	I miss this place!  Moved away from Vegas, but will be back to Rachel's as soon as I'm back for a visit!  I've had everything on that menu - Mmmmmmmm!  People are crazy to say this place is over-priced...this is great quality food and you get what you pay for here!  See you soon Rachel! :-P
5	Am a regular and so is my daughter. Have tried most of the menu & it all is fresh and tasty (as well as healthy). My favorite is signature salad with chicken. They have amazing staff and many repeat customers. Nice to have a neighborhood place to grab a quick bite where the staff remembers me and I see friends quite often.
4	Was really pleased with my lunch experience at Rachel's this week! I've dined inside for breakfast but this was my first lunch at this new location. Enjoyed a terrific Cobb salad and iced tea on the outdoor patio. Salad was studded with plenty of chicken, avocado and other goodies. Not overly dressed with dressing. Just perfect. Love the iced tea and the outdoor patio is great. I'll be back for lunch.
3	I was in here recently for breakfast the other day.  The banana and chocolate chip pancakes were very good.  I'd like to try them again sometime for lunch. Rachel's that is, not the pancakes!
4	Someone brought wraps and salad from here and it is yummy and divine.  A fresh break from the touristy stuff.
5	I live near by so I am always at Rachel's Kitchen.......Luuuucky (my Napoleon Dynamite voice)Here are some of my favorites:Energizer- fresh squeezed goodnessChicken Mushroom Burger- perfectly tender, best you will ever have my friendUltimate Grilled Cheese- HOLY $&^% . its name says it allSmoked Turkey & Avocado Sandwich- Mmm.Mm.Mm. The chipotle mayo is what sets it offI really appreciate that this place is far from your regular commercial restaurant chains with heavily processed food. Rachel's has fresh, high quality food at a reasonable price. They tend to stay busy but the service is excellent and the staff is friendly.
4	Rachel's is a reliable establishment for delicious, fresh food.  I had breakfast here yesterday with a couple of friends after a bike ride through Red Rock and we weren't disappointed with our meal.  The new, bigger location is great to accommodate all of the regulars who started to pack in after we arrived around 11:00am.  Among the three of us, we had the Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich, the Breakfast Burrito, and a spinach, mushroom, and Swiss cheese omelet.  The food was delectable as usual and I especially enjoyed the refreshing iced green tea that they offer (my bladder was working overtime to keep up with the multiple refills).  I only wish Rachel's offered hash browns because I'm not a big fan of the seasoned potatoes, but beggars can't be choosers.  Great service, good food--we'll keep coming back for more, just like all of the other Rachel's fans.
4	What to do after a strenuous hike with a friend  at Red Rock Canyon?  Go to Rachel's Kitchen and have some food to restore some strength.  After a hike on Monday, 1/30, that's exactly what we did.I ordered the Curry chicken wrap and my friend got their multigrain pancakes with both bananas and chocolate chips.  The wrap is a chicken curry salad with romaine lettuce, cucumbers, and mayo in a whole wheat tortilla.  You have a choice of mixed green salad, French fries, sweet potato fried or onion rings as a side.  I, of course, took the healthy route and got the French fries.The wrap was very good.  I also got some iced tea.  It's a serve yourself counter on the side.  They had regular and passion fruit.  The passion fruit tea was very tasty.My friends pancakes were quite good he reported.  The pancakes came with a side of fresh fruit.  After a graveyard shift at a local hospital and a tough hike, the pancakes were enough to carb up his diet to keep going.As Candace noted, the seating is close.  The tables are small and there are a fairly good number of them in that relatively small space.  When it's warmer. I'll have to go for breakfast and eat on the patio!I've been wanting to try Rachel's for awhile and I'm glad I did.  Their new location puts them next to a Starbucks.  Does life get any better than that?
5	Great food! I love their salads. Arangula pear is my fave...Clean, fast service, nice people!
2	Met up a friend for lunch at rachel's kitchen because they have an outside patio and i had my little puppy with me.  It looked promising when we first walked in and i initially had trouble choosing what i wanted.  My group ended up ordering the 440 sandwich, mac and cheese, and 2 different types of burgers.  The sandwiches and burgers come with a choice of side between fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  For the sides we added onion rings and french fries.  The first disappointing thing was that we had to wait forever for just a couple of sandwiches, but that's understandable cause places get busy and it takes time to get your food.. Once we got our food I was expecting a lot more than what we actually got.. Each dish was about $10 or more and the food looked like something I could make at home in 5 minutes.. the 440 sandwich was suppose to have grilled chicken, goat cheese, avocado, peppers, and lettuce... I probably got one little slice of pepper and even less goat cheese.. the chicken was dry.. the onion rings.. they gave me like 4 little rings.. the other burgers and fries were also lacking in flavor and quantity.. the mac and cheese was the best thing we ordered but even that was lacking in flavor and was also dry.. all in all the food is dry and you don't get what you pay for.... save your money and time and go elsewhere.. it'll probably taste better too.
3	Good food, but a little noisy. I went for the first time after hearing many positive things from different people. It was packed and very crowded. I got the eggs, bacon potatoes and toast. The toast had no butter but was good. Eggs were a little overcooked. The potatoes were not that great and I'm a huge, huge potato fan. Not much flavor and a little greasy. The bacon was overcooked. If you want great bacon go to Original Pancake House.The coffee was adequate. It reminds me of panera bread, but not as good. I think this place has huge potential though. All of the people behind the counter were adequate, but not trained well on making eye contact with customer and being friendly. One stand out was a younger hispanic man with Koi fish tattoo on his arm. Very pleasant and smiled a alot,
5	I took my two small girls to Rachel's Kitchen for a fun lunch today, and it was just delicious.  I had the vegetarian sandwich on wheat with a side salad, and the girls had the mac and cheese.  From the roasted red peppers, to the cucumbers, to the pasta, it was easy to tell that all the ingredients were fresh, and I loved that (a rare occasion these days if you ask me!).  The service was friendly, and the atmosphere was conducive to being with or without the little ones (would definitely also go to Rachel's Kitchen with friends or with my husband).  Oh and the girls wanted to try the watermelon juice - HUGE hit with them, they drank the whole thing!  Great experience, had to share.  Enjoy!
4	I have only been here during breakfast hours but I do have to say the breakfast food is good. However, unlike other places, I don't have a go-to dish at Rachel's. Rather, I have a go-to drink: the WATERMELON JUICE. It's my favorite and I consistently order it everytime I go to Rachel's. I know, I know...it's just watermelon juice and I could make it in my kitchen with some watermelon and a blender. But on lazy Saturday mornings I would much rather pay $4 for the friendly staff at Rachel's to hand me a large plastic cup filled with fresh, delicious watermelon juice than go to the store, buy a watermelon, come home, and make it myself. Don't judge.This past weekend was my first visit to their new Hualapai location. They used to be off Town Center but apparently moved a few blocks away to Hualapai. The venue is larger than what they had at Town Center and they also have an outdoor patio that you can eat at as well.
3	hmm... smoothie was ok. Nothing special. Chinese chicken salad was bland. At least the juice was fresh. They need to move the register next to the display case. The treats inside are easily missed and sort of an afterthough. So when it comes to deciding on grabbing a treat for after lunch you've already paid and decided to opt out. Especially since none of it looked fresh. Note to owner: you'll move a lot more out of that case if you move your register. The round tables and mountain of chairs make it feel a bit claustrophobic. Booths are nice though. Place is clean. Kind of pricey for a salad. Would've preferred a smaller portion on the salad and the spaghetti. This place is a star better than the other "Kitchen" with the same menu.
4	Very tasty and healthy! Grilled vegetable and Chicken Salad/Turkey Club w/sweet potatoes fries - The first time about a month ago I had the grilled vegetable salad. Very tasty for being a low calorie and very fresh salad. The turkey club this time I had w/turkey bacon and sweet potato fries very good! I will go back as their food is very healthy, but has lots of flavor. The sweet potato fries very tasty, with little or no salt I appreciated as you can add the amount you prefer. They also have some yummy desserts and muffins and serve breakfast as wall. check it out!
4	A very quick visit after a very long hike in weather too hot. I should know better, but a recommendation of a smoothie at Rachel's was welcome.Very nice little place on Hualapai with a ton of parking. Indoor and outdoor seating is available and even at 3-00 on a Saturday it's busy. Lots of wealthy suburbanites with fancy watches, cool shoes and expensive haircuts are the main clientele. Beautiful salads and delicious looking sandwiches are to my left and right. It's not cheap but they have very good natural ingredients and the portions are ample.Oh, my berry smoothie was excellent. I'm saving up and I'll go back for a sandwich.
3	Pros:* Lots of healthy menu choices.* Tasty and well presented.* Small, but cozy establishment with outdoor seating.Cons:* Slightly too expensive.I live close to Rachel's Kitchen and have heard and read good things on yelp. I stopped by for a Sunday afternoon lunch. My girlfriend and I were one of two groups there. The other group was a fit looking father and his son. Since we chose Rachel's Kitchen for a somewhat healthy option, our dining neighbors were a good first sign.We ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad and a BBQ Chicken Wrap with side salad to split. The lunch cost 24 dollars which I found to be slightly too expensive. The food came quickly and was well presented. The salad came in a large bowl topped with a lot of wantons and heavily dressed; a bit too much for my tastes. The fresh mandarin and cucumbers were tasty and almost justified the 11 dollar price tag. The wrap too was very saucy but the chicken and lightly crisped onion rings tasted great within the fresh spinach wrap. The restaurant was small but comfortable and the warm earth toned greens and browns were engaging and felt relaxed.In summary, the food didn't disappoint and I would return again and try something else. If the food was slightly less expensive, 10-20%, Rachel's Kitchen would earn a 4 star rating from me.
4	The breakfast was good but not quite great. The chocolate chip banana pancakes were terrific. French toast was good but the eggs and bacon didn't measure up. Bacon was way over cooked. The kind that disintegrates when you pick it up.I would definitely come back!
5	i LOVE LOVE LOVE their oatmeal!!  delish
5	The tuna sandwich is the BEST!  Great fresh and healthy food.  This place is always busy and it's always great every time I go.
4	The food was great. Portions great.  Rachel's kitchen is healthy fast-food type of deli counter. My kids keep asking to go back.... they loved the food and the concept. Seating is crowded and inconvenient for larger groups. I didn't prefer the concept of the deli counter, and I was initially confused having been my first visit.
5	Good Eats!  Their juice blends are always a refreshing stop during the day.  The salads, pastas and sandwiches are good & tasty!
5	The chicken caesar wrap and sweet potatoes fries are delicious.
4	This is a great, little place for breakfast...though they offer lunch items too. The food is fresh and it comes out quickly. They have an assortment of fresh squeezed juices, but I went with watermelon and it was yummy. They have gluten free bread, but it isn't well advertised, so be sure to ask for it. The Favorite scramble did not disappoint when it came out with gobs of goat cheese on top. Definitely a place to return and enjoy.
5	This location is very cute. I had the curry chicken wrap and was amazed by the spicy, curry burst of flavor! I was expecting a good wrap, but nothing as fresh and refreshing, with the cucumbers and veggies giving you the balance of flavor. The crisp, green salad I opted for was very good, with radishes, an unlikely choice in a house salad. A thumbs up on this dish! Try it!I have been back about three times for that wrap - it's just that good!
3	Not sure what people dig about this place.  The food was bland and it took forever.  If you like goat cheese though, you may like this place.  They put goat cheese on a lot of items.  Maybe they are milking a goat in the back.Pretty crowded though so they are probably doing something right for someone.  I like the fresh juice option and the fact that the menu has some lighter items with the nutrition listed.  Although I'm pretty sure some of the nutritional information was wrong.  On what planet does a mixed green salad fat-free balsamic have 100 calories but 3.5 g of fat and a grilled vegetable salad with the same dressing have 159 calories and only 0.5 g of fat.  So dieter beware.
4	Such a GREAT way to start off my day! I got a BBQ Chicken Wrap and an Acai Berry Smoothie. Loved both of them! The wrap had a great combination of sweet and tangy flavors as well as a great combination of textures. I loved the smoothie even more. I'm personally obsessed with acai and it was a great way to replenish by dehydrated body after a day full of cliff jumping and hiking! In all, the place was adorable with a great ambience. I went during their prime lunch hour and the place was filled with suburbanites as well as an array of attractive businessmen and lawyers. A bit pricy for what they serve though!
5	Just moved into town about a year ago and have been looking everywhere to find a place like this. The food is amazing and its a much healthier option than fast food chains you see all over Las Vegas. Sit inside or sit outside!! I know ill be back for more to come so thank you for being located so close to me!!
4	I got the Fettuccine Alfredo w Chicken and the Banana/Peanut butter smoothie with a friend. The Fettuccine Alfredo was not as bad as I thought it might be. I love Fettuccine Alfredo but always feel afraid to order it anywhere because most of the time, it turns out pretty bland. I actually quite enjoyed it here. I also never get it with chicken because the way chicken in this dish seems to come often is this smokey-type prepared chicken and I don't like it. But this was pretty different and I thought it was good. The smoothie was good, but it's something you can make at home easy-peasy. Buy a blender.
4	Great smoothies and juices. Not everything on the menu is totally "healthy" so the non-healthnuts will enjoy from their selection also. I have gotten chicken sandwiches and wraps and soup their as well. I'll definitely go back again.
4	Here's the thing....this would be a 5 star review for the health conscious costumer. Me? My taste buds do the rating.    3.5 stars.  This is how it happened. I was dragged into this little place by a calorie counter, I watch what I eat, blah blah conscious friend that spends half of his life at the gym and reads every label or ingredient on anything he eats. Well I'm the opposite, the only times I go to the gym  is the day after my yearly doctors check up, the day my yearly membership is due and when I have plumbing problems at home and I need to take a shower. As for labels, I don't have time for that , I use common sense.  Good for you = tasteless, bad for you = delicious. So when my friend told me how this place serves very healthy options I was wishing I would've went to lunch with my fluffy friend instead.  I ordered the chicken fettuccine Alfredo and I was happy with it, not bad at all. It was rich and creamy and servings are large enough for two meals. My friend ordered a turkey sandwich and French fries. Yes, French fries, I don't get it either, but my friend explained to me that even with the fries, he was eating healthier than at any other comparable restaurant and that my pasta had too many calories, so I told him that I wanted to go to lunch not to a nutritionist. He shut up and I enjoyed my pasta.  So if you want to go to a place that serves food that  makes you feel like you're eating healthy, Rachel's kitchen is the place to go!  The place is small and always busy  but I notice that you can fit more people here than at any regular McDonald's. Hmmm, maybe they are right. Maybe this food is really  good for you, everyone around here seems to be in shape...cool, another reason for me to skip the gym...I'll just go to Rachel's kitchen.
4	We got take out from Rachel's while visiting family in Vegas. The food was super yummy and the service was also good.We ordered fettuccine Alfredo with mushrooms and spinach and it was terrific. We also ordered 2 salads and one has an amazing caprese basil and balsamic dressing that was to die for.Cupcakes were pretty good too.Try them!
4	Rachel's is a great place to go for a brunch  or a chill meal with no higher aspirations than making fairly simple, but delish food.  Most of the food is on the healthier side, btw. I \'ve been here a half a dozen times and always came away satisfied with my meal and the chance to sit outside on the patio.  There's pretty much always a stream of customers.
5	Rachel's kitchen has a wide variety of healthy food.  I work close and love to get lunch here.  The service is fantastic!  An order was mistaken and they kindly fixed the problem with no hassle.  They have a wide variety of options for everyone from meat eaters to vegans!
4	I stumbled upon Rachel's Kitchen after a business meeting when I needed a quick lunch. Their menu was diverse and had something for every appetitte. I was impressed with the clean cafe and open kitchen -- there was nothing to hide. When I asked what the most popular items were, the server had no trouble telling me what was well liked by their regulars.I went with the 404 Sandwhich. This...this was just such a delightful expirience, the eating of this sandwhich. Let's start with the perfectly grilled chicken. The server reccomended I add chipotle mayo and, man, was she right! It was the perfect kick alongside the cool goat cheese and roast red peppers. It came with a side choice and I went with the salad, which you usually can't expect much of. It was delicious. The greens and veggies were crisp. The dressing was yummy.And, on top of all of that, it came out quickly and beautifully!Can't wait to go back and try more items! Very impressed!
2	Food is OK at best.  It is not organic but priced as if it is organic.  Wanted to charge me $2 extra for a juice because I did not want carrots in it, Whole Paycheck (AKA WHOLE FOODS) does not even do this, it would have been $6.50 for a non organic juice drink, I told them to keep their juice and I will never order again from them.Wayne Gorsek
5	Quite a find.  Tucked away in a non descript strip mall is this adorable little eatery filled with the freshest ingredients,  cute little tables with an outdoor patio.  I had originally tasted the catered garden pasta which was the best pesto Alfredo I've eaten but it seemed like too much for a quick lunch.  So, instead we opted for the grilled cheese and the vegetarian sandwich.  Both came on thick sour dough bread.  The cheeses were of excellent quality.  The favors a terrific blend of old home and trendy.  The smoothy we splurged for with it was as good as any anywhere.  We will definitely go back.  I only wish there was one in the northwest area of town as we would probably become regulars.  Not to miss.  But don't tell anyone.  I don't want it to get overrun.
1	I ordered a spinach, goat cheese and sundried tomatoe omelet. It was horrible! The cheese was not inside, but on top - cold and unmelted. The omelet was actually more of a fritatta as it was brown all over from being overcooked. I mentioned this to the employee who brought the dish to my table, but my complaint went ignored. Even after eating only one bite of the omelet - it was cold on top of everything else - no one seemed to care. After spending $13 for an omelet and glass of milk, you'd think they'd jump through hoops to make people happy given their prices. Never again. This was my second visit and I was unhappy after my first. Hoping the first visit was a fluke, I gave this restaurant a second chance. Big mistake on my part.The employees were very friendly when I ordered, but this isn't enough to make up for the lack of concern  or care over my displeasure. The food is not good and the prices are way too high for what you get.
3	The food is always excellent,and service has improved since my last visit.
4	Great place with good food. In our neighborhood so we visit frequently
5	Quite a find.  Tucked away in a non descript strip mall is this adorable little eatery filled with the freshest ingredients,  cute little tables with an outdoor patio.  I had originally tasted the catered garden pasta which was the best pesto Alfredo I've eaten but it seemed like too much for a quick lunch.  So, instead we opted for the grilled cheese and the vegetarian sandwich.  Both came on thick sour dough bread.  The cheeses were of excellent quality.  The favors a terrific blend of old home and trendy.  The smoothy we splurged for with it was as good as any anywhere.  We will definitely go back.  I only wish there was one in the northwest area of town as we would probably become regulars.  Not to miss.  But don't tell anyone.  I don't want it to get overrun.
4	Came here to have lunch with a buddy of mine. I'm not sure about the rest of the food but the pasta that I had was really good. I had the garden pasta. My buddy had something breakfasty that I can't remember what it is but he did say it was alright but nothing particularly stood out to him. I would recommend at least trying this place. I would probably go back but it's probably not something I would go out of my way to go for.
4	Rachel's has become a weekend breakfast tradition for us at the gym down the street. We all meet up there after our workout for some great food and a great place to relax and chat. Everything that I have tried has been fantastic! I have had the omelets, protein scramble, and chopped salad with tuna. The staff is very friendly and even though the prices are a little high I still love eating there every weekend! Great place!
3	I was struggling with how to describe this place when having lunch here for the first time with coworkers. Eventually I decided that "bistro" is the best way to classify this restaurant. A very Summerlin feeling bistro. Hopefully that makes sense for you Vegas residents. If not, then another way to put it is that it's a smaller, bougie version of Panera Bread.The food was okay. I had the turkey club, which had smoked turkey, bacon, Swiss cheese, avocado, romaine lettuce, tomatoes and mayo served on three pieces of sourdough bread. The portion size was good. I like that I had a choice of mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries or onion rings with my sandwich. Whenever sweet potato fries are an option at a restaurant, I go with that.Food was a bit pricey. $11 plus tax for a turkey club. Because of that fact, Rachel's Kitchen probably won't join my lunch rotation. Not a bad restaurant, but nothing special.
4	Sure it's a nice brunch place at a decent price point, but aside from that, this place wasn't as great as it was hyped up to be.I got a protein-infested breakfast. What I liked was that the ingredients used seemed fresh and tasted good. Aside from that, I'm really struggling to find what else makes this place stand out for me. There is no deining feature about Rachel's Kitchen aside from that it's busy quite often for reasons that are beyond me.If a friend wanted to come back and grab something from here specifically, I wouldn't be against it. But I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to others based on my last meal. GIVE ME SOMETHING TO RAVE OUT, RACHEL'S KITCHEN!
4	i really like this place , its clean and the food and drinks are fresh a def stop when in vegas
3	I've been to Rachel's Kitchen a couple of times but I've never had breakfast. I've been eyeballing their chocolate chip banana pancakes so that's what I finally got. It was pretty sweet to me so I didn't need any syrup. It came with fresh fruit which I'm allergic to honeydew and cantaloupe but that's alright. 3 pancakes for 8 bucks...was it worth it? No. It was good, but not $8 good. I think for what you get at Rachel's Kitchen for the cost is not worth it. I'm willing to spend  money on great food, but I've never been impressed with this place unfortunately.
1	Don't know what all the hype is, Rachel's isn't good.  Been there 3 times and this is my last.  They say Albacore Tuna, I don't agree and it's filled with carrots, celery and whatever else, very bland and tasteless. I also think the turkey is processed.  The prices are high for what you get.  Everyone there is Hispanic they're speaking back and forth in Spanish not paying attention to the customers and not nice.  I have never been greeted nor thanked for my business.  Too bad I work in the building next door and it sure would be convenient.  Too bad Rachel!
5	Great food! Busy place though, so allow for time. Well worth it! Their fresh juice is amazing.
4	Clean and fresh!
4	I usually order Signature Pasta, generous portions. I've tried their fruit order and it was ripe and fresh. Long story short, it's a great place to eat fresh and flavorful meals. I will keep coming back.
4	Friendly service.  Great food and juices.
3	Ive been to Rachel's a few times and I keep coming back. The food is pretty decent. Its american bistro style with natural based products with the option to go super healthy with all natural salads, whole wheat pasta etc. This trip I had a chicken fingers wrap (9.50) which is the best thing Ive had thus far, it had a lot of flavor and a yummy dressing. This I will also say for the first time my shoestring fries where actually hot. I think consistency needs some work.. I do come back because it is a good lunch spot
4	Very good food and very friendly staff.  Really enjoy the sandwiches for lunch time.  They have an outdoor patio which is nice when the weather is good.
3	Had lunch today at Rachel's and was completely disappointed with the cleanliness and unfriendly staff. There were dirty plates on several tables, trash and food all over the floor, and it took forever to get our food. How long does it take to make two sandwiches? At Rachel's it takes nearly 30 minutes. The staff did not greet us nor did anyone crack a smile or thank us for our business. The food was decent however it takes more than that to gain repeat customers. Sweeping the floors, washing off the tables, and having a friendly staff would make a world of difference for this place. Such a shame.
2	Sorry guys but BIG failure today... First of all we get there to pick up from ordering online and the guy at the front barely looks up from his list of receipts and acts like we're interrupting him.. I know this is a small busy  store but going through paperwork in an area that should be reserved to expedite orders is like a waiter counting his tips in public find somewhere else to do this.. Secondly a very long black hair in my wrap found .. And.. I'm done I don't like sharing bad reviews I really don't but I'm really disappointed
5	Rachel's Kitchen. Possbily my favorite cafe I have ever gone to. I bring family & friends here so much we could start our own fan club. From omlettes to sandwhiches, wraps , & pastas you can find something for everyone here. They also do fresh squeezed juices and smoothies which are amazing. My "go -to's" are always the Chicken Tender Wrap & the Signature Pasta. I love the "Incredible Hulk"  smoothie. My only con would be that you can wait for a while after placing your order. Lunch there is VERY busy. Summerlin moms roll in with their tennis partners, students playing hookie from high schools, &  me.. the fan club. Everything is made fresh to order so be patient because what you get will definitely be worth it!
4	Great salads and sandwiches. The tuna fish salad sandwich is the tastiest in town and the signature salad is yummy.  But I'm afraid the prices.... are well..... pricey!! Staff was friendly and upbeat! Nice place for lunch!
5	Cobb salad is my favorite! They are always busy thats how good their food is. What is way cool is going through their website order and pay and the pickup is quick.
5	love this place! one of the few restaurants in town with food that i'm not having second thoughts feeding my child. good food, good service.
3	I used to think Rachel's Kitchen was more like Sandy's Dining Room and would often bring out-of-towners here for a casual lunch when they asked for a little "local flavor." I've always had a pleasant experience here until recently when I brought my mom, and ended up leaving with my tail between my legs because I was so embarrassed I'd hyped it up for her and then let her down! My mom decided to order for us - she wanted the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with a mixed green salad, and I wanted 1/2 440 Sandwich with soup. While ordering mine, the cashier asked what side she wanted, so she said sweet potato fries. The cashier handed my mom a number and we sat at our table, chatting and waiting. And waiting. And waiting. Friends, couples, and colleagues came, ate, and went while we sat at our table, with my mom commenting that this was probably not a good place for a work lunch. While we sat there, one of the runners came out and told us the 440 does not come on ciabatta bread like I'd wanted, so I opted for wheat - couldn't they have told us this while we were ordering and not 10-15 minutes later? The food finally came out and instead of sweet potato fries, we had limp French fries on my plate with no soup. We called a runner to explain and he promptly brought out an extra serving of sweet potato fries without taking my plate back - kudos for not having to make us wait even longer. When we inquired about the soup, however, another employee kept asking us for our number that we no longer remembered. She was finally able to pull up our check and said that I had ordered the 1/2 sandwich with a side - I didn't even know that was an option on the menu, especially since my mom had only asked for the sweet potato fries because she'd been prompted. It was like Seinfeld's "No soup for you!" except with less yelling :( I'd be willing to go back again because I think the food in my other experiences had been fresh and simple without feeling overtly expensive, but Mama K probably won't be coming along because she wasn't too impressed.
3	I had heard nothing but good things about Rachel's Kitchen. So, when a friend suggested we grab lunch there after a hike in Red Rock Canyon, I was sold.I never realized it was counter service, but I don't mind a bit if it's it fresh and tasty. I was hoping for quick too because I was famished. I had the turkey club, which had smoked turkey, Swiss cheese, avocado, mixed greens, tomatoes and chipotle mayo served on sourdough bread. I wasn't sure which bread to choose so I asked for a recommendation, sourdough it was. The bread was really weak. The other sandwich components were fresh and tasty. I wish the mayo had more kick. I really didn't taste any chipotle. Perhaps the avocado overpowered it. It was a fine sandwich, but worthy of a $12 lunch? No. The sweet potato fries on the side were crisp and delicious. The highlight really.I have faith that Rachel's Kitchen is dishing out better options than the Smoked Turkey Sandwich so I wouldn't hesitate to return. Next time, I'll likely try a salad. Those looked wonderful.
2	This location is headed in a poor direction. The foods is ok. Nothing wow's me here anymore, but I haven't had anything so bad I sent it back. My complaint is that they have a major pest problem with the pigeons in the patio dining area. They have never bussed tables quickly here, and the birds have learned about it. Nothing grosses me out more than having these rats with wings dining at the table next to me. It ruined my breakfast this weekend, and the staff was not quick enough to fix it when it was brought to their attention. I'm sure if the Health Department was there when this happened it would have been a problem.Clean it up Rachel's! You were better than this.
4	Nice atmosphere. Good food. Fair prices. I now see why a lot of my friends rave about this place.
5	This is another great local spot for lunch.  I love their fresh/healthy approach to their meals.  The portion size is large, but delicious.  Also great covered patio seating and cute interior decoration.
5	I love this place! I have never had a bad experience any of the times I've been here or the one in Green Valley. All their freshly squeezed juices are amazing, especially the watermelon, my favorite. One funny thing about this place is apparently there is a difference between a breakfast burrito and a breakfast wrap. For all you bacon lovers, get the wrap. The burrito doesn't have any kind of slaughters animal in it.
5	reat food and smoothies! Portions were just enough.G
1	This place is so over hyped!  I've been numerous times trying to understand why I hear good things about it and it is incredibly mediocre.  Lacking in flavor and just darn uninspirational.  Plus they have odd ingredient combinations on some of their menu items.  I believe that the only reason that people go there is to show up in their work out clothes, expensive cars and pretend to be eating healthy.  Many people are fooled into believing they are organic and healthy.  They aren't organic and barely healthy.  I think it's also that Vegas outside of the strip lacks any restaurants that feel "mom and pop-ish" and they have that going for them I suppose.  I'd save your money and go somewhere else unless you just want to be seen with the "pretty people".
1	Service was very slow, every table was filthy and our food was cold when it was served to us. Very disappointing. They weren't even busy and it was Sunday morning. Most restaurants are packed for Sunday morning breakfast. We now know why there were so few people. Dirty tables and cold food do not make for a good experience. In addition, the staff seemed very disengaged and seemed to be "going through the motions"  They didn't seem to want to be there. We won't be back. :-(
4	I had the garden veggie burger which was very good. It comes with avocado which made it that much better. It doesn't come with mayo or ketchup so I had to get them on the side, other than that, I will come here again when I'm craving a good veggie burger.
5	I luv chicken salad from here. Usually split it with my daughter.
4	If you live or work by Rachel's Kitchen you know it's a good to place for a fast healthy alternative.  Breakfast or lunch the food is fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is simple, but it works.  The place is small in size and it's clear by the outdoor patio style tables & chairs they have indoors that they try to turn tables quickly.  Still, it is a great place to meet up with friends.  My favorites: the Wilshire smoothie, breakfast burrito, BBQ Chicken Wrap, and Tuna Salad.  If you are on this side of town looking for a place to eat, Rachel's Kitchen is great food serviced quickly.
4	Hey, I finally found a place to go to when I too lazy to use the juicer! They make their greens juice (Sweet Greens), the same way I do. Five and a half bucks for a large juice - I think that's reasonable for the convenience of not having to make it yourself. I rate this place 4 stars on the juices and drinks, (not to mention that the drinks here are a couple of bucks cheaper than the "other juice place" on Flamingo and 215).We had breakfast here once. I ordered a breakfast wrap, and V ordered the breakfast burrito. Hmmm... they both looked the same to me, but the breakfast wrap costs 50 cents more. Both tasted a little on the plain side, like it needed more seasoning or something. Breakfast potatoes were nice and crispy. This place always seems crowded no matter what time of day I go, but the service was ok, nothing to complain about. The other plus is that it's only a 3 blocks from where I live. I'd come here again to try the other menu items.
2	Nothing really wrong with the food. It is a good go-to take-out eatery. Biggest complaint is cleanliness. The tables are frequently not cleaned after customers leave and the floors are often not swept. Step it up a notch and I would probably dine-in.
5	Cobb Salad is amazing but heck, so is everything else on the menu. With the recent discovery of my laundry list of food allergies Rachel's Kitchen is a sanctuary for difficult people such as myself.I've tried this location in the past as well as the Henderson RK and both are consistently delicious.  I will say the West side spot has a one-up on friendliness of service; get it together Henderson.
5	Love this place!! The staff is so friendly!' The food is delicious!! We eat here at least once a week. We have also had them cater a few of our parties and besides everyone loving the food! They presented it wonderfully!!
3	Food is very healthy, smells like fresh cut veggies right as you walk in.  Only drawback is that the items for what you are getting is slightly expensive ( at least the breakfast items) but all in all if you are in a hurry, good place to stop, I would find somewhere else for breakfast though.
4	Very good.  I loved the Turkey Club sandwich.  The Incredible Hulk was somewhat misleading.  For whatever reason, we expected it to be green and not taste like peanut butter.  But overall, the food was great and the staff was very friendly.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Rachel's kitchen is a little cafe in Summerlin near the I-215 on S Towncenter Dr. It is not very big at all.The dining area has about 10 small tables maybe. There is a counter where you order your food and then the server brings it to you. They also offer seating outside. I always get the chicken sandwich and a salad. They have plenty healthy items on the menu to choose from. That's why I like this place. They have good burgers too.If you want a healthy quick lunch, stop in here.
5	I first heard about this place at a health fair. I drove all the way to the SW side of town because the broccoli chopped salad is to die for...never had anything like it. Then I found out they have a Hendo location SCOOOOOORE. It's open for breakfast and lunch and always seems crowded. I don't get mad or complain about the wait - the staff is friendly and the food is definitely worth a short wait.
3	Granted the food is good and fresh, and I gave them a pass on service my first time in because they were busy. But now after my second time and to get a wrap and a sandwhich took 20 minutes, I'm out. I'm sorry, going out the service is just as important to me as the food. So if you like great food and you can wait then please by all means still go, but if service is important you might want to find another place.
2	I don't know what the hype is about this place.  I've been here a few times and each time I leave I say this is the last time I'm coming here. The only reason I've returned is because of lack of options...but this is the last time.The food is over prices and under flavored and the service is poor. The staff doesn't listen to requests but has side conversations with each other rather than paying attention to you the customer. I wouldn't recommend it...nothing special.
1	Agree with the reviews about service. Our order took over 20 minutes and it wasn't even busy at all. Many people who came in after us all got their orders before us. Then to add insult to injury they put the mayo on the sandwich which we had asked to be left off so we had to wait for it to be redone. The french fries were also cold when they arrived. The manager came out and apologized and comped the one sandwich but it was still an unpleasant experience. Food was just so so. Then while we are eating our sandwich outside these two really nasty looking pigeons are going to town on the food left on the tables. It was so disgusting they were on the plates and bowls I went inside to suggest they clear out the tables. After a few minutes someone came out to finally clear the tables and shooed away the pigeons which then flew right over another diners table while they were eating. Thank goodness it wasn't ours! The fellow dining patron and I both mentioned we hope they have good dishwashers!! Anyway I must leave this place as the pigeons are going after another table and I can't take it anymore. Please if you are going to have outside dining clear the plates often!
1	Very disappointing. Ordered two ultimate grilled cheese sandwiches to go when I went to eat my dinner, realized they had only given me one grilled cheese and one chicken salad sandwich. Problem is, I'm a vegetarian so I had to drive 20 minutes each way out of my way to get my correct dinner. That's not really what I'm complaining about, I'm really complaining that when I got to the restaurant to tell them, they never offered an apology and when they looked it up on the computer they said oh you were charged for a different sandwich. What difference does that make I want to know? I did not order that
4	Not my first time, but this review will be from my most recent visit. I got their chicken chopped broccoli salad which was just divine.  Amazing. The sauce is just so addicting. Loved it so much that I might just order it again the next time I'm there as well.I also got the sweet potato fries, which were good but not great. They weren't very crispy and were a bit limp...There's a good selection of healthy drink options for you to choose from. It was very hard for me to decide between a smoothie or a juice but I ended up ordering the skin cleanser juice, which was delicious and refreshing. Friend ordered the watermelon juice which I'll probably come back for...tomorrow lol...The portions are a good size. I was very full and satisfied after my meal. Rachel's kitchen is great for healthy fresh delicious meals.I recommend checking them out.
3	First time I went in took them 20 minutes to get me a breakfast burrito and I was the only one there..i mean come on you guys have enough people working in the back to play a baseball game...just not acceptable ticket time at all. Second time I came in she tells me that it will be about 15 minutes for my order..except this time the place was packed...uh no thanks i don't want to die of starvation...third time I ordered to go this time to avoid wait...not a great idea...evidently my order was sitting there for at least 10 minutes...in conclusion....this place is not bad..the food is good...and fresh...however the wait times are annoying and so is that stupid parking lot where every business has staked a claim to "their parking"..I have always wondered if those signs are law enforceable..in any event...annoying to the 86th power
3	ok so just went here again....the food came out fast and fresh but it wasnt what I ordered and since i got it to go i didnt realize it until I got home. However,this salad I got is really good...lol...oh rachels its a love hate relationship....I appreciate the follow up on my first review as it shows a desire to satisfy a customer...shows me a lot...next time try and give me what I ordered..haha...damn good salad..whats it called i wonder? :)...im gonna give you a verbal 3.5 stars for an excellent salad...if you get my order right next time ill bump you to 4 stars
3	I'm a fan of the food, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. The times that I've dined the wait for the food was always very long. I now call ahead of time and eat at home. The atmosphere isn't worth the wait. I order catering quite often for meetings. Maybe about once or twice a month. The only reason I keep ordering from here is because he food is always a hit! The presentation is great and food is really fresh. BUT they always leave something out. I spend over $200 each time you think they would double check the order especially if i order so often.
2	Breakfast burrito is great, however the rest of the menu is a bit lacking.  For a health food joint they don't offer that many healthy options.  Smoothies are good but their juice recipes really need work.  Vegaterian/ Vegas options are a joke. The service is also extremely slow, I've waited up to 30 min before for simple breakfast food with a slow steady stream of customers.  For what I ordered this made now sense.  I expected much better.
1	I used to love this place but then I had some 2 bad experiences.  The first time I got a take out and when I got home I (about 15 min later) I opened the food box and my bread was wet.  When I say wet I mean wet like soaked- ughhh.Since I had great experience in the past, I went again and this time I got  food poisoning and spend the whole day in the bathroom-double ughh. I must say one great thing about them is their juices and coffees I would stay away from their food though.
3	first time trying this place & I had the mushroom melt cheeseburger & skin cleanser juice. I had my order to go.The burger was good although i wish there was more mushrooms to keep the burger juicy.The skin cleanser juice surprised me in that it tasted exactly like carrot juice unless that's what it's supposed to taste like. I enjoy fresh juice,but when it tastes like veggies, which i'm not a huge veggie eater i don't personally enjoy it.I'll try this place out again.
2	Not impressed.  We waited 40 minutes to get our food.  When it finally arrived it was cold.  There was only 1 other table when we arrived.  While we there the place filled up.  It seemed like the kitchen was not prepared for a rush. Next time we will go back to Mr. Mama's.
1	This place was awful. My boyfriend ordered a burger that was the saltiest thing either of us had ever tasted, and extremely unseasoned. I ordered a chicken wrap that had more cucumber slices and other random ingredients rather than actual chicken. When I asked about the ingredients of the wrap, the staff told me that it was simply pre made and they really had no idea what it consisted of. Needless to say I was disappointed and will not return.
2	The food is delicious. I've gotten the fettuccine alfredo and the 440 sandwich and both are fantastic. The only turn off is how long they take to make anything. You have to call in and order if you want to avoid waiting 30+ minutes. I've waited 35 minutes for a sandwich before which is simply not worth it, no matter how good it tastes. Definitely call ahead and order.
3	We found Rachel's Kitchen through a friend.  Very nice cafe style place and quite busy at lunch time.  The salads and sandwiches are great.  They use fresh, high quality ingredients and you can tell at the first bite!  They also serve a verity of pasta dishes as well, but they are a little pricy for what you get.  $10 for a small order of Mac and Cheese.  It is very tasty, but a little overpriced.  Over all a winner, but again, a little pricy.
4	Good berry mania smoothie ($4.50)  Only thing bad to say about it is the ice cream headache it gives you when you drink it.
5	The food here is so good, this place feels wholesome, healthy and classy.. maybe the name, location, people that frequent the place, decor and ambiance (can't put my finger on it). Probably a combination of all of them. Food is consistently tastey, staff is friendly and smiley :) and it's clean/comfy. One down side is it is slightly higher in price for walk in ordering, another downside are the windows, so bright in the morning and hurts my (sensitive) eyes.
5	Usually a restaurant that expands to multiple locations losses its quality, Not here at Rachel's Kitchen. Now it's made easier to enjoy the great freshness wherever you are. I usually find myself ordering the Albacore Tuna sandwich the most, it's just that delicious, but today I got the 440 Sandwich* and I fell in love all over again. I highly recommend this place to all my friends constantly, and no one has been disappointed, and that's including my very hard to please mother :)*grilled chicken breast, goat cheese, avocado, roasted red peppers, roasted tomatoes & romain lettuce
2	Came in for a quiet Sunday breakfast with the BF. Location dining room is clean and well-decorated with bright and cheerful colors, and the fresh fruit salads and parfaits on display in the refrigerated case are eye-catching and make a good healthy impulse purchase.BF works nights and is a heavy eater in the AM, while I usually don't have an appetite at all until the afternoon. He opted for the grilled chicken sandwich from the Lighter Side section of the menu ($13) while I kept it simple with a peachberry smoothie- wish the calorie count for the smoothies was listed, too, as I found it odd they weren't listed in the Lighter Side section, but the fresh-squeezed juices were, with counts.My smoothie came out first and was flavorful and mostly creamy, just a touch icy. Portion was good, and I liked that it came with the domed bubble lid, so that the portion was not cut short by snapping on the flat lids as they are often served elsewhere. Nothing more annoying than seeing a giant, fresh smoothie being poured from the blender, only to have a heap of it get tossed out because it doesn't fit in my cup!BF's sandwich was next- plated with a side salad with balsamic dressing. Salad veggies were fresh and dressing tasted homemade. The sandwich though, we had mixed feelings about: it was topped with grilled veggies (eggplant and roasted peppers?), and the veggies themselves were delicious. The chicken was in two small, flat pieces and was fairly dry. While the flavor was fairly good, this simply was not a $13 value for a sandwich. What we received did not justify the price. Having seen the product, this is not something I would pay over about $8 for.I love to support local businesses, and especially ones that offer healthy options, but it really frustrates me to see places jumping on green/healthy trend and jacking up prices an unreasonable degree when their product doesn't justify it.
5	I meet my best friend and colleague almost every week at Rachel's Kitchen on Hualapai.  The service is consistently gracious and attentive.  The manager is engaging and always comes by to check to see how our meal worked out.  The food is fantastic.  There was a time some years ago, when I was addicted to the freshly prepared parfaits (I would swing by on Friday and pick up enough for the weekend).  Currently, my favorite lunch choice is the Ceaser Salad.  Num, num!  This is a destination location!
3	I liked the food and the prices. The place is cute but  small. The menu had a great selection it was just hard to find a seat with all the traffic going thru there. It was really busy and there were 8 of us so besides that it was good.
4	I have been meeting a friend here for breakfast every time I come to Vegas. We love the wholesome food selection and the outdoor seating on nice mornings. The food is really consistent and I have had a variety of breakfast items on the menu. The service is generally good. You order at the counter and the server brings your dish out to you. No follow up they I've ever seen. This time, my son had ordered a smoothie that we had to return to ask for and he was disappointed in his meal, the protein lover's scramble.  He felt the portion was small and that it had a very small amount of chicken and bacon in the meal. The Protein Lovers Scramble is 3 eggs scrambled with chicken, bacon and cheddar cheese. My friend and I each had The Favorite:  3 eggs scrambled with goat cheese, spinach, sun dried tomatoes and avocado.  We had the seasoned potatoes with it as well.  We both were happy with our plates.  I thought it had very good flavor and the portions were good for us as well. We checked in and got free, super large muffins as well.  I didn't try one, but the consensus was that they were delicious!I will come back to Rachel's again. It is a bit pricey but I like the healthier options available.
2	One of my pet peeves is false advertising. Was looking for a lunch spot today and came across Rachel's on Yelp. They offered a free muffin with check-in and I was sold.However, upon presenting my offer, I was told they were sold out of muffins. I asked if they could substitute one of the other items in their pastry case (or anything else) and was told no. After purchasing my lunch and upon leaving, they offered me a beverage, but at that point I was so annoyed, I left.To be fair, the salad I ordered was fairly good and reasonably priced. Had it not been for this bad experience, I would've given them 4 stars. But customer service is equally as important as the food.
4	Good food, ok prices but total Yuppie-ville (Summerlin location at least, I mean what can you expect). Haha. Usually get The Favorite for Breakfast and the Curry Chicken Wrap for lunch. The Favorite is simple. I really enjoy the goat cheese, avocado and sun-dried tomato mixer, topped with some Chalula. I don't feel over fed or gross afterwards, so that's always a plus. The Chicken Curry wrap is delicious, I highly recommend.I still need to try their smoothies. I hear they are pretty tasty. Oh yeah, I will say their tables with the benches do sort of suck though. The bench is built too high for those tables, making it a little uncomfortable to eat at (you've got to hunch over to get to your food) They probably should have taken that into consideration when designing the joint.
5	If you like your food prepared fresh and aren't into processed garbage that's served at other establishments across the valley, look no further than Rachel's Kitchen. The staff is tremendously courteous and the service is consistently good. Everyone from Debbie to Adriana have a customer first mentality and it's what brings me back every time, but yes, the food is the star of the show here. A vast selection of items are on the menu ranging from Breakfast Wraps (my favorite! Add basil, avocado, and mushrooms), to Burgers. The Turkey Club is exceptional, as well. The Smoothies are blended well (I recommend the Incredible Hulk with Whey). I've been coming here for over four years now and have never once been disappointed. Others have tried to imitate what Rachel's has perfected (ahem: Daily Kitchen...) and they don't even come close!
4	After I wrote my original review, they contacted me about this issue, which I really appreciate. A lot of places don't go the extra mile to make up for bad experiences, or even respond when things like this happen. So when they reached out to me, it showed they value customer feedback. Their food is great, and it's nice to know they're working to make their service equally as good.
5	I. Love. This. Place.Whole, healthy and DELISH!!!You can feel good eating here and I'm not just saying that!Their juices are bomb at the right price too!! :D
4	Got the tomato soup and salad and both were good. The hubs didn't like what he got though. I felt the prices were a little high for what you get. I would definitely go back and try something else. The staff were friendly and the restaurant was very clean.
5	Delicious, clean, modern, eclectic, artsy.  The Cob salad is now the best cob salad in town.  I thought Peppermill was the best, but it just got beat out!  The iced tea is also the best iced tea in Las Vegas, super refreshing, maxed out flavor.I have one suggestion about the Turkey burgers: make them bigger.  While they taste great, full of flavor, they are just too small.  I'd need three of them to fill me up.  And offer some cheese please.FYI: Parking at this location is difficult and you will most likely walk.  Also the location off of Las Vegas Blvd and the Odgen is extremely difficult to find parking.
4	I love the selection at Rachel's Kitchen. From pasta and sandwiches to salads and smoothies, this place has it all-- and it's healthy! I typically opt for the Turkey and Avocado sandwich and it's always on point. Lots of meat and the avocado is always very fresh. I also love their fresh pressed apple juice... it seriously tastes like you're drinking an apple! It does get busy on weekends around lunchtime but, in my opinion, it's worth the wait!
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas.  Epically since I try to eat as clean as possible as often as possible. The protein lovers scramble is amazing and the fresh squeezed juices can't be beat. Pretty decent coffee too.
5	Top notch staff and food! They always leave me with a smile on my face and a belly full of yumminess! The signature salad with chicken is to die for! Absolute best Rachel's Kitchen location in Las Vegas!
4	Nice clean place with outside seating, strong selection overall. A perfect lunchtime spot. A bit pricey but that's to be expected. Will be back.
4	First time here!  Fabulous food. Fresh, great taste and reasonable prices. Had the soup special, mushroom. Delicious and you can tell that's it home made. Had the pear salad. Wonderful. And the smoothies are terrific. My wife and I loved it. Food made with love.Just saw they're also at the Las Vegas airport in gate D, terminal one. If you have time, go!
4	Everyone is always so nice here, and the food is good.  Their fresh juices are ok.  I've had better but they are not bad at all.  What I really love here, though, is their gluten free bread!  When I order sandwiches at most places, the gluten free bread is hard and tastes stale, but I love coming here because whatever they're using, it's perfect.
4	I love Rachael's kitchen! You can't really go wrong anything you decide to order here! This is the best out of all the locations, btw. Nice environment and the taste is consistent  rather than some other locations. Today unfortunately I will say they messed up my To go order. Didn't notice until I was home and there was no going back. So I guess I'll say, check your order before you go because they won't.
4	A little pricey but so SO good!I work nearby and tons of employees come here for the fresh foods. I've tried a few different things on the menu. I particularly like their salads. The reason for the four stars is because they did let me down once with the pear arugula salad. I'm a huge fan of this salad at other restaurants but the pears in the Rachel's kitchen salad were not ripe so they were hard and flavorless and overall the salad was a bit of a let down. I've gotten the Cobb and Asian salad and they were both AMAZING! I love their smoothies. I usually get the Acai smoothie which never disappoints but today I changed it up and got the Peachberry smoothie. YUM! Now I'm determined to try all of them. I tried one of their sandwiches for the first time as well and man, this is good too! I got the Rachel's chicken sandwich on ciabatta with a small salad as the side. You'd be surprised how easy it is to screw chicken salad up but Rachel's kitchen nails it! You can taste how fresh everything. REAL chicken! It makes a difference! Mmm!The place is usually way packed and I always get food to go. They always pack it up nicely for me and the staff are always friendly there and somehow manage to keep it all together! If you are willing to spend the extra for the flavor and quality, try this place!
4	Consistently good reliable food at the Hualapai location. Always takes 15 minutes and is ready when I arrive for pick up. Good varied menu.
5	Our whole family loves this place. Great food, service and atmosphere. Seem like the place to be for lunch in summerlin. Chicken curry salad is my favorite.
4	Cross off another Rachel Kitchen off my bookmark. Think there only have two more locations that have not had the pleasure of recovery meal or just good healthy living!!!! I must admit on this visit terms of the food not my best experience. I ordered the breakfast wrap something that first time ordering off the menu. I just found the whole wrap very bland. It was huge in size with more then my share of egg (you have choice or regular or egg whites) whites. Outside of the protein fell short on flavor and maybe should have stuck with the things normally order. You never know plus never had bad experience at Rachel. I was hungry so it did the trick but one dish not recommend. So much other good stuff on the menu be fine.One thing that does stand out about this location then the other Rachel's. The little patio area out front with cover, ceiling fans, decent space, and on right weather day nice spot chill with friends. Usually one that just sitting out front of restaurant looking at parking lot nothing worth mentioning. Here not only do you have the mountains close by BUT best part is in the same shopping center have barre yoga/fitness gym. Course mostly girls but guys do yoga also. Point  being great spot people watch and hell if need motivation comes fitness seeing all health fanatics coming and going over breakfast/lunch/dinner. Inside feel like this location one of the smaller ones. The interior decor is consistent with the other Rachel's. The service consistent with the others never had bad experience.  At this location notice you get free muffin with yelp check in. Another plus one on this location besides for me really close by my house. So am sure be checking in Rachel more often.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I go here! If you check in before 11 am you get a free muffin! I always order the turkey club, you can't go wrong with this. But I can literally eat anything here it is all so delicious. On top of this the staff is amazing. Right when you walk in they greet you.
4	Great go-to restaurant for tasty and healthy.
5	The arugula pear salad is amazing but the pecan pie is absolutely out of this world! By the way is home made by the staff that happens to be very friendly.For breakfast is all about french toast delish!
5	This is one of my new favorite places! The location is great and the patio is perfect for a quiet little date. The staff is very helpful and patient. I found the food really tasty and they have plenty of healthy items on their menu.
3	Pricey for salad.  I got the grilled vegetable and chicken salad.  Veggies were grilled but cold.  Chicken was luke warm.  I was disappointed in it overall. Friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.
5	Great variety of healthy FOOD! Everything taste delicious. Love that you can grab a healthy almond latte and or shake for the road. In addition, they offer a great sitting area outside.
5	Food is fresh and made quickly. There are lots of healthy options on the menu and they serve breakfast all day! I ordered online and picked up and everything went very smoothly. There is a nice-looking covered patio outside that I would love to try out sometime soon.
5	I always look foward to the aruglia pear salad,  its delicious!! perfect little cafe to get great food and enjoy the atsmophere, Im listening to soft beautiful music, definatly a must try, great food!
2	The food is really good here but the staff is never friendly. I had stopped by to grab lunch to go and had my son with me. As I was walking out with carseat in one hand, bag of food in the other some employees were walking back in from the patio and couldnt even hold the door open for me when they saw me and and just let it shut on my carseat. Clearly my hands were full. Extremely rude and makes me never want to come back regardless of how good their food is.
5	I have been coming here since 2008.  It's reliable and always good, never changes.  I love everything I've ever had.  I like the pastas, they give you a lot and for to go orders, they package it in a foil container, which makes it easy to just throw in the toaster oven for reheating, as I use the microwave as little as possible.  I sometimes like getting the lunch combo when they have cream of broccoli soup for the day.  I also love 'the favorite' for breakfast.  All salads all burgers are good!  All juices!  I frequent here also because it's inviting for people eating solo.
5	Been coming to Rachel's Kitchen for over 7 years... Food is always fresh and the staff is friendly.  I can get in and out on my lunch hour with ease.  I use Rachel's Kitchen to cater events a few times a month, they do a fabulous job.  Try the salads they are delicious...
2	A OK, nothing special or unusual. We had salad and two subs. My kid had pancake that she didn't want to finish. The fries coming with the subs seemed to be frozen, not fresh. The chairs we used were full with crumbles and they grossed me out completely, so I had to clean mine. Attention to details, cleanliness and fresher food could make a huge difference.
4	My boyfriend and I came here around noon on a Sunday with our dog and took a seat outside for a quick lunch. The atmosphere is very kid and dog friendly and the place seemed really clean and efficient. I saw a lot of couples, families, and people in yoga wear (its really close to a few studios). We ordered:Sweet Greens (fresh juice): (3/5) This one had kale, spinach, cucumber, celery, apple, lemon & ginger root. I usually make my juice at home with the same ingredients so I'm pretty picky about the balance. It was very celery/cucumber heavy with barely a hint of kale or spinach. Also, it had a hint of bitterness because they used unpeeled cucumbers. I did like that it wasn't overly sweet with excessive apple (some places do that).Energizer (fresh juice): (4/5) This one had beets, apples, carrots, lemon and ginger root. I only had a few sips of this since it wasn't mine. It had good combination that didn't have a super metallic taste of beets and very little hint of the lemon and ginger.Acai bowl: (3/5) Small bowl but fairly yummy. The acai and banana are blended together so don't go digging for pieces of banana, like I was trying to do. It was more like a bowl of granola with a topping of acai/banana blend so I felt like it was a bit pricy for what you get. Blueberry muffin: (5/5) Free muffin with check-in. Total score!! This muffin was amazing. Seriously. It's as if a super fluffy biscuit and a blueberry muffin had a baby. It is very light, full of flavor, and doesn't sit heavy in your stomach. Side of bacon: (5/5) Because, bacon.
4	Good food.  And it is served hot.  Even though you order at  a counter it moves fast.   There is outside seating so I can bring the dog!
5	So Rachel's Kitchen serves breakfast all day, so of course I had to try their pancakes; so phenomenal. My boyfriend ordered the bbq chicken wrap, and it hit the spot. They also offer soup, pasta, salad, and sandwiches. Definitely coming back here.
1	Sad visit for a Celiac. I ordered the 2 eggs. Which comes with bacon, potatoes and toast. Obv I went w/o the toast but then I also couldn't get the potatoes bc they are made in the same place as the chicken fingers. So I asked for extra bacon and they gave me 1 extra slice... I payed for an entire meal and got maybe half. Also the lowest they go on eggs is over medium. Just not really impressed after being a long time fan and a frustrated new celiac. Time to step up the GF game, Rachel.
2	I've heard mixed reviews about the place, but I was in a crunch and needed to have access to food quickly right after my workout. I ordered online for a 11:30am pick-up. The wait at the cashier was a bit long, but that's expected during a lunch rush. What I didn't expect was once I finally got my Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich and sweet potato fries, that everything was mushy and cold. I'm assuming they made my order as soon as I placed it and it had been sitting out for awhile. The flavors were there, but I was really disappointed by the state of my food. I haven't had any reason to go back since and I think next time I'm in a jam, I'll probably end up at Greens & Proteins instead. Maybe one of these days I'll try to order in person and see how it fares. This isn't a knock on Rachel's Kitchen, but their customers need to learn how to drive better and not randomly talk in the middle of the parking lot while cars are trying to pass through. This location is in a tight parking lot and Rachel's Kitchen is one of the first businesses in the strip mall entrance. They're always zooming out too fast, parking poorly in spaces, or backing out without checking if anyone is behind them. (sorry/end rant)
3	The first couple of times that I've been here, I thought that the food were pretty good;  however,  on my last recent visit,  I thought that that the food was just okay.  The pasta was good but the chicken sandwich was just okay.
