5	This place is great!  Food is always totally delicious, and service is excellent.  It's run by a really nice woman- I sadly don't know her name- who calls everyone "honey".  Super fast service as well.  It used to be very plain and cafeteria-like inside, but has been redecorated and is now colorful and elegant, with drapes, bookcases, buddha statues, etc.  Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall fool you.  Do be careful, as the spiciness levels can vary.  A "3" could be not spicy enough one day, then too hot the next.  Beware the papaya salad!  Prices also very reasonable, about 7 bucks for a dinner entree.And, when you've finished your meal, if you have room you can just walk across the parking lot to Big Dog's for a homebrewed IPA.  Ah, this is the life.Edit- This is the best Thai place in town.  Better than Lotus because you never have to wait for a table and you get more personal service.  Also, they have the BEST Pad Si Ew I have ever tasted.  The only drawback is no alcohol, but like I mentioned you can go to Big Dog's afterwards.
4	This is definitely second best Thai place in Vegas. (First place is held by Pin Kaow). It has an extremely intimate feel to it -- maybe 6 small tables inside a very small space, however the service, ambiance and food make up for it. In fact, I think that small space works with the concept of this family owned and run restaurant.Once you walk in you will be greeted by the owner, or one of her relatives. The cook will also be in the family. The service is very personalized and the explanations of food are very knowledgeable and helpful by the server. Water is quickly refilled and before one knows it, food is there. The prices are very reasonable, as well. Not extremely cheap, but definitely on the very affordable side.I would recommend this place especially as a lunch stop! Quck service and good, central location would make it ideal for many business professionals. Take out service is also quick and efficient.Come here and experience quiet, true Thai place with a lot of heart and good food for the money.
5	I just went here last night after reading the reviews and wanting to go to a good family owned restaurant. I am not the most versed on Thai food but I'm trying. I have eat plenty of Pad Thai and Pad See-Eew. I'm am now trying new things.As for the Pad Thai and Pad See-Eew at Prommares it is definitely the best I have had. The Pad Thai had lots of chicken and bean sprouts which I love. My GF asked for no spice so it was not spicy but still had that sweet peanuty flavor. The Pad See-Eew was loaded with Chinese broccoli and chicken. It was the best I have had yet. Now for the new things I was told to try by my Muay Thai instructor.We had the TOM KAH KAI soup which is sliced chicken with coconut milk, straw mushroom, galangal, lemon grass and a touch of lime juice. WOW is the only word I had for this soup. It had so many different flavors that just blended so well together. It came out in a huge bowl for us to share. It was so much we got four servings out of it. It too was loaded with chicken. I must say not one dish we had lacked a large amount of meat.I then tried the Beef Panang. It is a red curry cooked with coconut milk and Thai basil. I cannot compare this to others as this is the first time I had it, but I liked it so much this is my new order for whenever i go somewhere. This dish was excellent.We had that huge bowl of soup, Pad Thai, Pad See-Eew, Beef Panang, rice, and two Thai Teas for $35. What a great deal for good sized portions of excellent Thai food.I have been to both Archi's and Pin Kaow alot but I think I like this place better. The owner was extremely nice and I really think the family-owned type atmosphere made me feel like this place was more "authentic" than the other. I felt as if I were at their house for a family dinner. It was GREAT!!Both of the other reviews are 100% accurate. Nice decor, small and intimate environment, excellent service, and GREAT food.
5	I love this place! I am not very familiar with Thai food, but G.I. Jane was with me so she helped me order. I ordered the bean sprouts with tofu and I was in heaven. The tofu was just right and the bean sprouts were tender but still had a bit of firmness. The cucumber salad was amazing and the waitress made me laugh when she told me that the recipe was more or less secret. I tried my boyfriend's chicken curry and it made me want to melt it was so good.This is an awesome family restaurant, so be sure to check it out!
4	Located on the corner of Torrey Pines and Sahara is probably one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.  The name Prommares is after the Hindu god Praprom the deity of fortune and good luck.I love coming here for lunch because they have great lunch specials.  It's just the basic Thai dishes, but everything here is always fresh and authentic.  I always get the Pad See-Eew ( I think that's the one w/ the Chinese broccoli and the flat pan fried noodles) It's always perfect and so is the Tom Kai soup.I like that its a small family owned restaurant w/ a small and intimate setting.  It's never really crowded and the service is fast and friendly.
4	Every time my fRiend and I have gone here it has been quite good.  We usually would take lunch at her lunch hour, which is 11.  This is about the time they open up.  This means we were the first to be served whatever they had (read: fresh) and without much of a wait.The food here is fairly good, comparable to many of the other thai restaurants in town.  I am addicted to Tom Ka Gai soup and they have an excellent soup here that I almost could have without ordering anything else.I do not like that they serve soda in cans.  However, the overall price of most items here including drinks is very affordable.  It is a very small restaurant so I wouldn't recommend much more than bringing a few people here.  Hrmm...think I'm going there for lunch...writing this is making me crave...
5	Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  It's a small family run joint and the lady who owns it is always there and friendly.  I LOVE their fried rice, especially the chili one.  In almost every restaurant I go to fried rice is always bland and requires some soy sauce for me to eat, but theirs is so flavorful.  The glass noodles are also delicious.  Don't forget to try the papaya salad as well.  I definitely recommend trying this place if you haven't before, it's definitely worth the trip.  It's way better than Pin Kaow IMO.
1	4 stars for this place? Who are you kidding? This place is bad. It is super small, poor service and the food isn't anything special at all. I've had better pad thai on the side of the road in Bangkok.  This place doesn't even compare to Archi's.  If you really like Thai food, then don't waste your time eating in this place because you won't come back.
4	Got the pork fried rice and pad woon sen (glass noodles) with level 8 spice.  Mmm mmm except for the fact that the noodles came in a smaller portion along with white rice when before it used to be just a heap of noodles.  4 stars cause they became stingy.  Tch tch for shame!Oh and don't listen to the 1 star reviewer guy, he seems mildly retarded.  Street vendors in Bangkok serve amazing food, I don't know what point he was trying to make.  It also doesn't help that he mentioned Archi's after talking about Bangkok, since that place is the Panda Express of Thai food.  Yay for ignorance!
4	I have to say this place makes some delish food. I ordered takeout, and it was a good thing too. The few tables they had in the dining room were all taken. I had the pork pad see ew and the Thai fried rice. I was a little disappointed that the pad see ew had regular broccoli instead of Chinese broccoli, but the taste made up for it. The Thai fried rice was out of this world. Hands down the best fried rice I've eaten in Vegas. It had lots of basil and was spiced perfectly. The portions were also quite generous, even though they were lunch specials. I will order from this place again for sure. They are less expensive than some of the close by Thai restaurants, but equally as good if not better..
5	Excellent Thai food. Yellow curry chicken was awesome. My daughter loved the teriyaki chicken dish. Well prepared and also delicious. Lunch served with soup and egg roll. Don't let this little strip mall restaurant fool you, as we almost didn't go in. We are glad we did and shall return!
4	Excellent lunch place. Reasonable prices and the food was flavorful and delicious. Would definitely go back
5	This is without a doubt my favorite Thai place in town. The location itself is very small about 6 tables and maybe a capacity of 30 people. Everything I have ever had her was excellent and they have been around forever. If you look in the back of the menu's some people write little notes about the place. They are open till 11 most days and closed Sundays I believe. If you want great Thai food at a reasonable price this is your place! I am even willing to go as far as to say they have the best curry in town!
5	Dee-lish-uss. Eat it- eat it a lot. It's so good.
5	The hubby and I are a big fan of Prommares Thai Food.  We head over there every week to have my #13 Chicken Pad Thai and his Coconut chicken, veggie and rice.  As soon as you walk in the door you can tell this place has it's on Thai atmosphere which is refreshing from the plain restaurants that have just a table, chairs and menus.  When having lunch here you are served depending on the day either vegetable soup or salad, your order and fortune cookies to end the meal all at a great price.  The persons that work there are super friendly and professional.  You get that kind family feel especially from the owner she is always so welcoming and attentive.  I work for CBS Radio and my position can be stressful at times and to come here and relax once a week is like a treat.  If you haven't experienced Thai food I recommend going to Prommares on Sahara Ave.
4	I haven't tried a huge amount of Thai food to be completely honest, so I guess my palate isn't as refined as some others when it comes to Thai. I went to high school right down the street from this place, and I swear there was another Thai place that used to be on the corner or maybe it was this one and I just forgot. No clue. Anyhow, this place is tiny and a hole in the wall. That being said, those types of restaurants usually have the best food. So we sit down and we had a very sweet woman waiting on us, that reminded me of a little Thai momma. She called everyone in the restaurant honey and was too cute. We ordered the iced Thai tea, which is coconut milk added to tea. It was different, but pretty good. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was fantastic. I got a 5  from a scale of 1-10 because of the warning that 7 was too spicy. I added some chili paste anyway, and it was great. Like I said, my palate is not too refined in Thai cuisine but the food was fresh, it was fast and delicious. Our little Thai momma was super sweet, gave us great service, and I would 100% go back. I would recommend it to anyone looking for authentic Thai and a great, modest dining experience.
4	What can I say, Prommares is one of the Thai food gems in Las Vegas.  This small, hole in the wall is a genuine Thai food restaurant.  I've had a few dishes here, and none have disappointed me.  While I still say that the Thai Grill on Decatur and Lake Mead is the best Thai food in Vegas, this is a very close second.Although I am not a huge fan of their style of curry, the yellow curry is still quite tasty without being too sweet, along with fluffy and delicious white rice.  I've also had the Seafood Special, which has squid, crab (in the shell), shrimp, over a very good homemade sauce.  The crab legs are a little difficult to work with, so be in the mood for the whole cracking crab legs open thing!  The Pad Thai is also very good, although I have heard that they changed their recipe in the last year or two, and it isn't quite as good as it used to be.  Perhaps the one dish that stands out here though is the Rad Na (Lad Na).  The gravy sauce has a smoky flavor that is just amazing. There is a light smoky flavor to the noodles.  The meat is always fresh and well prepared, and the Chinese Broccoli is also very fresh and tasty.  This is definitely the best Rad Na in town that I have had.  For anyone who appreciates real authentic Thai, this place is probably now the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  Definitely recommended.
2	My post may be a little biased since my visit to Prommares happened to be on one of the hottest days of summer yet and the AC was broken.  So there we were sweating our a$$es off but too hungry and lazy to go elsewhere.  I ordered the pad-woon-sen which I've ordered before here during lunch and remembered it being pretty good.  This time, the noodles were a bit soggy and wet for my liking and it was also a bit too salty.  My friend ordered a chicken mint which was borderline mediocre as it was not minty and dry enough as well.  I'll probably give this place another try but as for now, I'd stick with archis or pinkow.
4	Prommares is the second of two Thai restaurants I decided to revisit after having my appetite for Thai food stimulated by reading a discussion in the Talk forum.I went to Prommares with the same friend as I had taken to Basil 'n Lime.  Here we ordered an appetizer because the cost was so reasonable -- 5 veggie egg rolls served with sweet & sour sauce for only $3.99.I knew that rice was a separate charge here, so I was prepared to order it with our entrees, but I didn't have to.  After we placed our orders, our waitress added "a pot of rice" to the order for us, and it turned out to be a generous pot of rice.I ordered the same entree here that I ordered at Basil 'n Lime, Chicken Panang -- which is my favorite Thai dish.  The waitresses at both restaurants asked me how spicy I wanted the Panang on a scale from 1 to 10, and at both places I chose 5.  Here, at Prommares, I thought the Panang was a little better.  It was less sweet and a little spicier and richer with flavor.  Very delicious.My friend ordered a spicy chicken and eggplant dish at a 10 on the spiciness scale.  I had a bite of hers and loved the flavors.  She definitely enjoyed it.As others have pointed out, Prommares is a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  It's located in the same strip mall with the Good Will store.  The interior is quite small with just a few tables.  The unisex restroom  was clean, but you have to walk through the back of the kitchen to get to it, and the toilet seat doesn't stay up on its own.I think the location and the small size are a con; however they are probably responsible for another pro, which is the very good prices.  Our bill here came to $22 and change, only two bucks more than we paid at Basil 'n Lime, where we didn't order an appetizer.  So if you minus the four dollar appetizer, our bill would have been two bucks less at Prommares, even though we had to pay two bucks for rice.  Seen in that light, I don't mind in the least being charged separately for the rice.  It's just a different way of doing things and their prices come out better anyway.  So overall, I give Prommares a small edge in taste and price, while I give Basil 'n Lime an edge in location and atmosphere.  I will definitely return to Prommares as well.
4	This place is definitely underrated.  It's like finding a girl who is a solid 7 in appearance, but once you get to know her, she immediately earns 2 more points.   It's extremely affordable, small, cozy setting, with waitress's who are sweet as a madame at a massage parlor (so i have been told by my friend who i go with)  Thumbs up to the squid salad, papaya salad, all the curries, and pad thai.Honestly, you can't go wrong with any choice here ---  Tip - Be sure to use the head (that would be the restroom) where you'll walk through the pristine kitchen.  I like to hit up Good Will afterwards to look for cd's and other kitchen gear :0
4	Been here man times, but always forget to review it. This is a good place. It is small, but it adds to the ambiance--makes it a  nice, cozy place. I like some traditional Thai decor sprinkled all about. The service is very quick, and you pretty much seat yourself. Lunch menu is a great deal, and they even serve a small, health soup before you eat, which is not advertised on the menu. I really like how the server brought me a pitcher of water without me even asking, since I drink a lot of water, I really appreciated it. The only negative side of this restaurant is that rice portions are small. It's like half of the typical rice portion at any other restaurant, which may be a problem with curry-type of dishes. Their spice level accuracy is usually pretty good, but once in a while there will be a big miss, like when I ordered bean sprout dish at spicy level 5 and received an 8. That, and a small portion of rice to soak up the spiciness really dimmed the experience that day for me. However, at least I had a full pitcher of water to wash it down and not be burning too bad :) Of course, this was just one many times I dined here, and most of the time the spices are accurate or close to being accurate.Overall, I recommend this little family-owned Thai joint. I work really close to it and will be coming here again for either lunch or dinner.
4	While its not Lotus it was tasty an the women were nice. The cook was singing so I'm sure food was made with love.
5	Wow this was great! I had beef Panang (stellar!!) and chicken Pad Woon Sen. Fabu with all the huge mushrooms, tomatoes and other goodies. Service was extremely polite and they let me use my $10 Radio Shopping Show certificate to go, even though it says "dine in only." Again, great service. Note: I ordered 2-3 star hotness. I was sniffling and suffering a little - it was what I would expect from a typical 8 (their scale goes to 10). I can take some heat. I put chili flakes on almost everything. Honestly, if their 2-star gives you the sniffles, then good GOD the 10 will melt your eyeballs. I'm just saying - you might want to watch out. ;) Will definitely be back.
5	The food was really good!  Great spice!  Really enjoyed the meal!
5	The owner is clean and concerned--and proud--of her little place with the authentic food.  She even gave my son a tour explaining in detail how she changes the decor in this little what? 600 sq. foot room, really.  God bless!Little did she know that he is a Cordon Bleu culinary grad who knows his foods.  He loved his, his girlfriend had the Pad Thai and loved here, I had the sweet-sour and it was only so-so, unfortunately, but fresh I can vouch for.You bet, tho, I plan to go back here and try something else.  With an owner like that who REALLY CARES about what she is doing and serving, you cannot go wrong.  Oh!  And did I mention the prices are cheap?  My kinda place for sure!
3	Honestly, there are much better thai place than Prommares.  I only give it 3 stars because it is close to work and the lady who works there is really nice.A bit overpriced for the portion.  I had the spicy basil and the spicy eggplants before, and they were neither disappointing nor amazing.  It's one of those places where you just kind of settle.  The atmosphere of the restaurant kind of fools you into believing this is an authentic thai restaurant, so maybe you'll give more stars to this place than I would. Anyways, lunch is ok, but definitely would not recommend my friends to come hang out here...
3	This place is really very small and intimate.  Of course, I'm not sure how authentic any Thai restaurant is in the US but if this is close, it's good.I had the fried rice and I must say it was very tasty, though a little bit dry. All my table mates seemed to be pretty happy with their meals. Unfortunately, the server got the order wrong because she misunderstood what my friend was asking for. No big deal. There was plenty of food to go around so they didn't have to wait.Like so many restaurants in Las Vegas now, this place is tucked inconspicuously in a strip mall. If you didn't know it was there you wouldn't know it was there. So if small, quiet, and very intimate is your thing, with decent though not spectacular food, then Prommares is for you.
4	One of the better pad Thai I've had in vegas, a bit greasy but that's how it is.... friendly staff, good A/C, reasonable prices....good lunch spot....overall a good spot to gnosh, gonna try the Thai chicken BBQ next.....kappun ka....
5	The restaurant is small and quaint with limited seating. Great lunch specials. The Thai iced tea came in a huge glass mug while most places serve it in a small glass. The pad se ew on the spicy level was a 3 or 4. It wasn't over powering or gave you such a jolt your eyes would water. Fresh vegetables and chicken and the sauce wasn't to watery or thick. The pineapple fried rice was moist with big chunks of pineapple and cashews. Never had it with cashews they were cooked and added a nice texture to it. The chicken pad Thai was just as you expect. A little sweet. Nice pieces of chicken. The portions are a nice size. They also serve a soup with it. It had rice and morsels of tofu. This place is a keeper.
5	This has got to be the best Thai food in the valley! I have yet to have a bad meal here (occasionally too spicy, but that's not really a complaint). The service is fast & friendly, the prices are very reasonable. Whenever I crave Thai, this is my default restaurant of choice!
5	came here one afternoon while waiting for some car service next door. We made it just in time for their lunch specials and although I looked over the menu trying to decide if I should try something new, I stuck with my normal pad see ew (i can never go wrong with that!) while Dan had the pad thai. the service was friendly and the place had people, but was not jam packed. our waitress kept coming over to refill our water glasses even while they were still half full. We got our food pretty quickly and one bite in I was hooked. so much flavor in my plate! and for the lunch special pricing I had a full on entree right in front of me along with a summer roll too. I was so pleased.this whole delightful lunch only took about 45 minutes and was less than $20.00 for two people and a thai iced tea. I will for sure be returning to get my pad see ew fix.
5	Intimate, exceptionally clean, very reasonably priced: Prommares is a winner.We went to 3 different places before we stumbled into this little place, it was worth it. Their papaya salad was the best, along with their satay and silver noodle soup. Great place if you are bringing a date.
4	The food was good but the larb was not good..however when I told the waitress about the problem she took it off the bill. I say try the place because you will not be dissappointed.
5	The lady is very nice the food and price is very good.  This place is for anyone who actually likes spice this is the place for you.
5	Excellent service, excellent food.  You might need to add a little chili to the heat level #10, though.
5	This has been the best Asian food I've had in Vegas.Our Thai "auntie" was the best hostess possible and served up some authentic home-style cooking.  The little bowl of porridge served before the entree reminded me of being at home.  Yum, perfect to cut the grime from just being in Vegas, period.Thai Iced tea was good and there was a varying level of spiciness you could choose from for the fried rice and pad see ew dish that my friends and I shared.  We wanted to stick around for the sticky mango dessert but we were so full we couldn't make room for it. The best thing was the advice she gave us.. to stay young, keep moving, and let things go.  Bottling things up or staying too concerned about things will only make you age faster.  She is a very proud and delightful mother and I think she was happy to give us some heart-warming advice.  I took it for what it's worth and happily logged it into my book of life mantra's.  If you're craving Thai and out in the Vegas neck of the woods, visit Prommares.  It will hit the spot.
3	Good food, good service. The place is tiny and dim. Bring a flashlight. Curries don't come with rice. Wth? Perfect for people on a diet as the portions are tiny. Bring a magnifying glass to see the chicken in the Orange Chicken underneath a pile of crispy wonton strips. The crab is difficult to eat, just so you know. Panang is really delicious, all three bites of it. Overall A-OK for me.
3	FWIW: This should be a 3.5.     It actually clocked in at 3.48 and I rounded down instead of up.   My apologies to the owner/staff.So I've been here several times over the last month.  Mostly for take out, but one time I did dine in.   It really packs them in and is the smallest restaurant on Earth according to the Guinness Book of World Records.  Okay I made that up, but it's gotta be top 250.  My usual order is the Mint Leaves and Chili lunch special with Pork (7/10 spice).  The ingredients always seem fresh and I like that they serve healthy slices of pork instead of the ground up variety.  IMO they usually spice on the lower end side of things, and a 7 rarely gives me any issues (see my Pan Asian review for the opposite experience).The last two times I went I tried the Spicy Garlic lunch special with Pork and the Pad See Ew with Pork lunch special.  As you can tell I hate pork.   I found myself a little disappointed with each of these.  I simply wasn't crazy about the overall flavor of the Spicy Garlic dish without being able to pinpoint a specific thing wrong with it (yeah, I'm THAT good).   The Pad See Ew noodles were burnt.  I can't really say anything else about that.   Averaging in the 4 and 5 star experiences I've had with the Mint dish I'll go 3.5 overall.  I do need to mention one other thing:  THEY HAVE SANITIZER AT EVERY TABLE.  GERMOPHOBES REJOICE.  THE WORLD WILL SOON BE OURS.   Props for this Prommares.
5	Tried Prommare's a few weeks ago and it's my new go-to for Thai food.  It's the best I've had in town and is always consistently good.  The lunch specials are cheap with very large portions.  My favorite is the Kang Ped (red curry) and Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles)... highly recommend them, but everything I have tried is delicious.  I enjoy eating in but expect it to take around 45 minutes because it's always crowded!
4	Dropped off my car at Toyota to get it serviced and instead of waiting, I decided to walk around to find a place to eat. Instantly I found this little Thai restaurant.Inside was very small but very homely, with the owner friendly as can be, and decorates of Thai culture.Decided to get my lunch favorite of which I get on a regular basis at Archie's Thai restaurant, the spicy eggplant.  I decided to get a 10 on its level of spice since I assumed it to be the same with Archie's level which I can tolerate.  Man was I wrong. Not even half way done, my nose started drippin, sweat pouring down, and lips burning, I felt as if I was the host of Man vs Food on a challenge!  Overall my experience was good and def recommend this place if you're around this area.
4	Great, fresh Thai food!  Pad thai and pad see-ew are both delicious.  I had their chicken pad woon sen a couple of years ago and didn't really like it, but I'm so glad I tried it again recently because it is amazing now!  They're definitely generous with the spice in a good way, so I might order down from what you are used to at another Thai restaurant.  We will definitely be back when we get a craving for Thai take out :)
5	Found this little gem last week.  Let me tell you you won't be disappointed.  Our sweet hostess/owner/waitress Nari, made us feel almost like family.  We started with sissy shrimp and the Tom KhaKai soup.  Great flavors and prepared with care.  Entrees were Pad See Eiw beef, Chinese broccoli / chicken, Pad Kee Mao chicken and Thai fried rice / chicken.  You are asked to select a heat range of 1-10.  Our server recommended 3 for the Thai fried rice and it had a very nice hum. I can't imagine the heat of 5 or more!  All the dishes were nicely prepared, flavorful, smartly and simply garnished and not oily in the least.  We look forward to returning next time in Vegas.
4	While waiting for my vehicle to be serviced at a dealership nearby, read all the great reviews for this establishment. I tried one of the lunch specials, Pad Thai, for $7.25. It included a bowl of tasty vegetable soup, & a fried spring roll.  One can order your food on a spice scale of zero to ten. I tried a 6 based on my experiences at my family's fave Thai place, Archi's: normally a 6 can be a pretty spicy dish& I can take spicy.Here, 6 did not make me sweat ir make my nose run. However, you can add additional heat to your plate with the chiles on each table.The portion of pad thai was generous and the kitchen was very generous with the amount of chicken they gave you.I would return here again to try some of their other dishes.Its apparent the owner has a loyal customer base by they interact with her.  However she greets all her customers warmly as if she knows each one like family.
5	Great food! Reasonably priced.
4	Really good lunch specials and more extensive list than other places like Archie's.  The portions are pretty decent especially the pad see ew.  Noodles are cooked well and the flavor is just right....they even make the pad see ew a little spicy compared to other places.  I think the star rating for spiciness is a little skewed....so perhaps order less stars here compared to other places.  The only down side is that they seem to get really busy during lunch and they don't have enough help....so be prepared to wait to order and wait to pay.  We had to hail the waitress down several times and even walk up to her....so if you aren't expecting stellar service and just good food, definitely another good Thai place to try.
4	The staff is really nice here. The food is better than average... What more can you ask for?
5	Best curry ever. Try the massaman
4	I still hate paying +-$2 for steamed rice.  Other than that, the food is always good, especially the pa'nang.
3	Service was excellent and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Almost like your in someone's home. Very relaxing indeed.
5	Love this place! The food was So good! Its a nice little place to have a good lunch or dinner.
5	Very yummy home style food they don't spare the spice so good can't beat a mom and pop place
4	This is one of the better places to go for curry!I like the hole-in-wall family owned feel.  Everything I've had here has been good, but they truly shine when it comes to curry.  There are other Thai places I like more, but if I may emphasize just one more time, there are none that I like more in town for curry.A few of my friends that lived in Thailand or have Thai parents will only eat here...that says something good i my book.
5	My wife & I always get their Panang and Pad Tai Chicken and it is so yummy! It is juicy and flavorful and is practically addicting. The service is great and they are very nice! This place is great!
4	Hand Sanitizer on every table- Nice!This place is small -I hope you enjoy rubbing elbows with the next table. Despite the close quarters, this restaurant offers quality Thai food at reasonable prices. They feature lunch specials that include a delicious soup, egg roll, white rice, and your choice of entree. I chose the chili mint with sliced chicken (Level 5). The soup was fantastic! At first glance it looked like a bunch of celery in a clear broth that I wasn't excited to try. But of nowhere, it smacks you with complex flavors that will make your head spin. Wait, was that a spicy bite I just had? Hah, what was that crunch? AMAZING!My only small complaint was that the chicken was a little overdone, as well as the rice. Have you ever eaten burnt rice that was stuck to the bottom of the rice cooker? Yeah-- that! However, the flavor combination that the chicken chili mint had was so good and spiced perfectly. Finally -a restaurant that doesn't skimp on ingredients. I would definitely come back -at a less busy time so I don't have to have the guy next to me breathing on me. Good thing the hand sanitizer was close by.......
4	This place is great. It is small place where they are all friendly. They are a little light on their heat. I asked for a 9-10 and they said no way, you no like a 10... They have soon found that I like the heat. Open for dinner but only have about 10 tables, so get there early.
5	Excellent food, excellent price. Especially for lunch!
5	I CRAVE THIS!!!! I love their Panang and Pad tai. I realy like their Chai ice tea too!
2	Initially my first thoughts on this place is: hella salty!  I had the pad se eww off their lunch menu, and I couldn't get more than two bites in without having to chug down my water. :( The flavors and spiciness were perfect, but the amount of sodium they threw in the dish was just overbearing. As for the place, it was really small. Service was nice and attentive.Another down side to this place was their portions. They were small and pricey for lunch specials.
4	Super yummy thai food and family-owned! The portions are great and I love hole in the wall hidden gems like this one. Nari the owner is a doll. Lunch specials can't be beat. They do charge extra for rice which is odd but otherwise, super yum.
5	Friend and I ate here for dinner around 8 pm on Wed/21 Nov.5-stars for:- Great Thai food, nice decor.- The $7.50 Pad Thai was a good size meal.- Friendly service and they put a pitcher of ice water at your table (I drink a lot of H20).- At each table is hand-sanitizer and the condiments/sauce carousel (powdered chilli, chilli peppers in white vinegar, etc).  At some other Thai restaurants you have to ask for the condiments/sauce carousel.
4	The food was good and served quickly. It was an overall good experience. The portion sizes were good.
5	i really like this restaurant! first time i came here i had the pad  thai and egg rolls. the pad thai was great. i asked for a 1 cus i want to enjoy my food and not gulp down glasses of water. its probably my favorite place for pad thai in town. when the egg rolls came out i asked if they were hand rolled or store bought. they hand roll them in the back. they were rolled so neatly it was almost too pretty to eat. but the hungry stomach always wins. i told the lady in the back that they were so pretty and she kinda waved and nodded and i guess went back to making more egg rolls. but i had a chance to talk to the owners son and we got to talkin shop. some of our experiences running a restaurant. nice guy. honest and realistic.
5	This place is a small hidden place in the same complex as Big Dogs. Don't let the outside fool you, it is a hole in the wall but definitely worth a try! Its pretty cozy inside so be prepared to hear everyones conversation in the room. I ordered the Pad Thai at level 3 for spicy. It was PERFECT! The portions are big and since I can't handle too much spice, 3 was good enough to give it that kick that I could taste without breaking a sweat. There are hand sanitizers at each table and the staff is friendly and attentive. My total bill for two people came out to $25. Try it out!
3	My 100th review!  I wanted to celebrate with a solid Thai food choice!  Sorry to say, I came up empty handed :(Quick background, I LOVE Thai food.  I have eaten Thai food all across town, and when I find a nicely reviewed one or something that is recommended to me, I put it to the test.  I LOVE spicy...I ask for "Thai spicy" "phet phet" very hot.  10/10...even after they reconfirm I actually want hot, I tell them I love spicy Thai.  I also usually order the dishes by their Thai name, so the server should know I mean business!With that being said, my Pad Ka Pao (spicy mint chicken) was NOT hot at all.  It wasn't even slightly hot....I don't think it even got a sniffle outta me.  I am also used to them mincing up the meat, but here they do large chunks of chicken (one of the only places in town), so the meat doesn't get to absorb as much of the sauce and heat.  But still, their 10/10 was no where near a number 3-5 in the more authentic places in town.  Also, portion size is small...I got served a "lunch special" size I would expect at other restaurants, but at full dinner price off dinner menu.Ordered the Pad Kee Mao (had to request it not spicy for the baby) and it was good, a lot better than the pad ka pao.   Only weird thing here is, they put bean sprouts in it!  I like bean sprouts...but not with my thai rice noodles.  It was a consistency thing here...weird biting into them hidden inside the soft yummy noodles.  Still not a bad dish though, but I have never had it this way before but won't let is affect their review.And a small vent about paying for rice per person.  We all expect it, and we all know why they do it (more money obviously), but I wish they threw a scoop of it on the side of the dishes that need it.  I won't ding them for it since everyone does it, just kind of annoying that's all.Other than the food, prices are a little cheaper than most but portion size is smaller (you get what you pay for), location is a hole in the wall, insides are nice and homey, but it is very small in here...maybe enough for 20 people tops.  Service was good, and I like how they have actual high chairs for the babies instead of your traditional wood plank ones.There are many better Thai food restaurants in town.  Just drive a little more central in town.
5	owners and workers are so kind. food is fantastic and thai is my favorite, so I've tried out many places here in Vegas. red curry or panang chicken excellent. when you order hot, you get hot which is how I love it! reasonably priced as well. you won't be disappointed, try it out!
5	This tiny little place packs a huge world of yummy.  Terrific Thai.  Everything was fresh, with quality veggies and lean proteins. They nicely adjusted spice for each of our group.  Attentive service from the lovely staff.
5	Owner is very nice and attentive. Great prices. I love Thai food and this is a good spot to eat.
5	This was actually my first time ever eating Thai food. So I decided to come to this place after reading alot of good reviews. After walking in the decorations of the place popped out very nice this is deffenitly a whole in the wall place. I had the PAD SEE EW plate with a level 5 heat (spice). When i recieved my plate the portion size was really good. They gave me to choose how spicy i wanted it on a scale of 1 to 10 i chose a 5 the kick it had was good enough to enjoy my food without my lips burning. I like spicy food but enough to enjoy my meal. My GF had the Thai BBQ chicken plate which was surprisingly good as well. They give out a bowl of soup as an appetizer which was so good also. I give this place a solid 5stars because for being my first time eating thai food it didnt disappoint in the taste and portion size. The service was great. And for two plates and drinks i payed less than 20 which is great Because anywere you o out here in vegas there is very little places were you can have decent size portions and good food with drinks for under 20.
3	You know, this is place has so much potential, if only they had more than 2 waitresses and a bigger place. My visits have all been during lunch hour and always I leave 15 minutes early to arrive at noon and catch a place to sit. They literally have about 5 tables and two waitresses! Waitress with the long hair, TOTAL DOLL. Short, older lady-NOT so nice. She needs a day off or something. On a brighter note, the food is phenomenal! The soup served prior to your meal is my favorite part of visiting this place. Not too much on their menu, so anything on there is a WIN.  A must try!
5	Fresh and delicious Thai food!
2	Take it from someone who has been to Thailand, cooks Thai food, & married to one; this place was a big disappointment.  Their Tom Yum soup is a disgrace, their food is mediocre, definitely isn't worth more than 2 stars & it's a bit overpriced.  Staff are friendly but slow. They tend to forget their customers, after we got our food.  Would not come back to eat here again.
4	While in the area, and after a Yelp event my friends and I were hungry. I wanted some Thai and this place popped up. It was only a hop, skip, and a jump away from where we were so we headed on out. You will miss it if you don't look for it closely in the shopping center. Just have to look for that big sign that says "THAI". The place is small, cozy, and has a very "family" charm to it. This is mostly why I am a fan. I love places that are like this. It makes me happy to be giving my money over to people who are running a business to feed their family, and not a corporate conglomerate so they can fuel their yacht. Anyway.Food - I ordered the Chicken Curry at a spicy level of 6. I wish I had gone with an 8 because it was not very spicy at all. Although I did not mind, it was still very good. BUT, again, wish it had been spicier. I just have to test the waters of places before I can allow myself to go up into the higher numbers, so I won't ding them too much since I left without even having to wipe my nose once. I also wished for more potatoes in my curry. I really love getting those potatoes, they're such a nice surprise. Service - Friendly and happy. But my table felt a little out of place when our dishes were taken away but the check was not delivered. After all, the place is small, so when we were done, it was quite obvious. We actually had to ask for the check. Price - A good price for what I originally thought was a small portion - but no, it was just fooling me. I didn't even finish my entire bowl. But I did get rice. We got a big portion of rice for two people. We were not charged extra for the rice... which I found interesting since I saw Misti's previous review noting the extra rice charge.... Unfortunately I did not partake of the Thai Iced Tea, which I normally do when I eat Thai because I loooove it, but I really just wanted water. Maybe next time I am back at Prommares I will get the Iced Tea. Overall - I like the homey vibe and I personally like the smallness of the establishment. The food is good and so is the value. PLUS - there is hand sanitizer on every table, but I believe this is because you must walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom? Because I saw one patron go back there in search of it. Anyway, I'd go back definitely.
5	Fresh and hot as usual, can customize the spice level
5	Great and tastey thai food. Friendly staff, and have never been happier choosing this place as my favorite thai restaurant. It is a family business so it is small with less people working, but if its busy its well worth the wait.
4	I love the rating of how spicy I want my Thai food to be. Excellent service and great food. It's all about Pad See Ew and Panang Curry with this place. If you go here on lunch any day of the week, you get an eggroll and a cup of soup with your meal. The soup is very simple but delicious. Always plenty to share per entree.
5	I've been going to this place for lunch for years.  Perfect portion in the sense you don't feel so stuffed that you will slip into a food coma for the next few hours.  Reasonable price but sometimes the wait time is quite long for an office lunch break.Favorites:  Pad Thai Tofu with extra vegetables, Mixed vegetable, Massaman Curry, Pad Woo Sen
5	The BEST Thai I have ever had. Great service, convenient location, nice atmosphere. Definitely make sure you go here if you are in Vegas, you'll be glad you did!
3	nice friendly service. average chinese/thai style food. Thai food is so much better than this.
4	Prommares Thai Food is awesome! Just a totally unassuming hole-in-the-wall type place in a shopping center that is putting out some great tasting, authentic food. Price/portion are very reasonable. Good for take-out or dining in. The decor here is a little strange yet charming. It sort of reminds you of being in your Thai grandmother's living room, very homey. Service is good and friendly. They don't serve any alcohol so plan accordingly. Just order some thai iced tea...awesome! Everything we have ordered has been great. A fav. would have to be Pineapple rice. If you want something spicy, be sure to order more stars than you normally do! Overall it's very delicious and one of our favorite spots in Las Vegas.
5	Nice, quiet place. The service was great, took our order immediately and took good care of us. Food was also great, and best part they let you choose the spiciness level. Would recommend this restaurant.
4	Small place; call in advance to make sure you get a table!
5	Stumbled upon this quaint little place and fell in love!! The food is incredible and the prices are so great!! We ordered the spicy beef Thai salad and the pad Thai and it was by far the best Thai food we've ever had!!  The owners are so sweet. I loved that they had hand sanitizer to use at the tables too.
3	We had a big meal...Thai eggrolls, level 3 chicken curry and pad see ew, level 0 orange chicken, chicken pad Thai levels 7 and 10.  Eggrolls were good but tiny, curry was spicy, pad see ew was delish, orange chicken was nearly rock hard, and pad Thai was good.  Level 10 was too much and my hubby will dial back next time.  A lucky Yelp find near our home.
4	This is a small family owned Thai spot in a strip mall in Vegas.A few tables are located in the small space.The people who eat here usually are Thai and are talking to the wait staff and the owner. I definitely recommend take out. The food here is awesome. I've never had a bad dish. This is my go-to curry joint. If you are near the area for lunch they offer a bunch of specials. Definitely solid, but no Lotus of Siam. No ambiance.
4	Very comfortable atmosphere; like being in their family dining room. Service is very warm and friendly and quick!! $8 for a chicken lunch special with soup and egg roll is awesome. Will definitely be back!
5	I was in the area and found this little family owned thai restaurant. Made a to go order and I was just treated as I was just dining in. They were so friendly and the service was so fast. Not to mention their basil fried rice was AMAZING! I had many basil fried rice before but this one was the best! I highly recommend this place. Food and service are absolutely 5 stars.
5	Very good servers! And very nice atmosphere. The food is good! I like it :) and will come back
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years. My favorite dish by far is the seafood fried rice, I order it regularly! I also like the garlic beef and garlic chicken. I order a spicy level of #5 its hot, but not so hot that you can't taste the flavors in the food. The thai iced tea is a perfect compliment to the spicy food. I really recommend you try this place, don't judge it by the location... gotta go in and taste!
2	*this review is more based on customer service and a recent order than it is for the typical quality of their food*Usually the food is pretty good.  The last order was the tom yung, pad thai, and chicken pan'ang.  All were ordered at a five spice level.  When I got the food home and we started digging in, it was more like a 9.  I called to let them know and they basically told me it was my fault for not knowing that the peppers right now are much spicier.  Not sure how that is relevant.  If the peppers are spicier, you put less in so that a five is a five, not a nine!  They did offer to make a new order, but that was not feasible.  So they offered to give me a soup the next time I came in.  A soup?  Really?  I just spend $35 on food that was inedible and the compensation was a soup?  I told them that I would like a new order the next time I came in.  I was told I would have to bring in the old food for them to see.  So in order for this to happen, the food would sit in the fridge for maybe two weeks, then sit in my car all day and then I would bring it in to them so they cold look at it, and then if they maybe thought they didn't believe me that it was too spicy, they wouldn't credit?   This does not make sense.  I was going to do this, but then I took it as an insult.  I won't say that I am one of their best customers, but maybe once or twice a month.  This place is convenient, but there are plenty of Thai places that are just as good, if not better, so I figure I won't be patronizing them for a while.
5	This place was an absolute gear find.  First of, it is family owned.  It is a very small restaurant with 8 tables. The wore welcomes the guests like old friends.  The evening my partner and I visited the restaurant there were 3 other tables occupied with customers that were repeat customers. The service was friendly and certainly welcoming.  It is a family friendly place but my partner and I were also made to feel welcome and glad we were there to enjoy the food.  The food was awesome.  Great tasting and excellent price.  It is not glamorous, so for those of you high maintenance and after ambiance rather than good food this is not your place.  The decor was welcoming, clean and not at all fake, the food is what they care about in this place and the price can't be beat.  It is certainly worth the time to drive the 7 miles from the strip to the restaurant.  We will definitely return when we visit Vegas again.
3	Much like my last GF, PTF ain't a looker, but she gets the job done. A-OK in my book. Came in to this small joint around 2pm to pick up some lunch. I was hooked before I even stepped inside. Why? There's a sign on the door "24oz soup, $2". Deal! After being seated, service was prompt and friendly. My order of ginger tofu with rice, (mini) egg roll and a soup set me back about $7 and was the perfect medium heat at spice level 5. Am i going out of my way to come back here? Nah, but I wouldn't hesitate to return when looking for lunch in the area.
4	The restaurant was filled to its 28-person capacity on our arrival for lunch with several people waiting for take out.  It took approximately 15 minutes for us to be seated at a small table for 2.  We ordered a couple of soft drinks and shared an order of Tom Kha Kai soup (a spicy coconut based chicken soup with lemon grass and galanga) that was perfectly balanced and delicious.
4	After a long afternoon of shopping, my boyfriend and I were feeling some Thai food. With the help of Siri, we found this location and called in an order for pick up.We ordered Pad Thai, Rad Nah, and mint chicken, along with a box of rice, all for 23.51! Not only was it inexpensive but it really fulfilled our craving.What really got me was the mint chicken. Normally, anywhere I order this dish, the meat is always grounded up, which I'm not a fan of, but this place had chunks of chicken. As for the taste of all the dishes, the taste is a little, little bit bland compared to a few other places, but for me, it was fine that way.The only thing that was off was the "spicy scale". We ordered a 3 for everything on a scale of 1-10, and my mouth was burning after a few bites. As for customer service, I can't necessarily comment on it since we just ordered to go, but the lady wasn't rude at all. She said thank you and have a nice day.This place isn't my favorite Thai restaurant, but I'd definitely come back! It was a very good meal for a very good price :)
4	I'm impressed with the cleanliness. The food was better than average and service was solid.  Pricing was right.   I'll come back.
5	I have been going to this Thai restaurant for over a decade. It is the best Thai food in town.  Cheap. The staff is slow but friendly.  It is a hole in the wall, so if you are pretentious, this is not the place for you.
1	I will review after I eat but the entrees don't come with rice, and she was wrong on the phone and they do NOT offer what I ordered. Sigh. I wouldn't go back, and I think it was very expensive for what it was.
4	absolutely DELICIOUS !! charming little no frills spot .. meticulous & clean great lunch spot but for dinner think many would like a cold beer or wine with the very spicy thai food .. they do not serve alcohol or allow it to be brought in
2	The food here does not meet our expecation for Thai food. Their BBQ chicken smell so bad, the worst BBQ Thai chicken I have eaten. The place is very small, and service is so so. Not recommend for anyone!
4	Came during my lunch break from near by CSN. I was craving something light and not expensive. I came in and it was a very cute spot--very mom and pop. I sat down and was given water immediately and a menu. I had their Prik King chicken dish with a side of soup.When I got the soup first it was pretty tasty and so I ate it with a quickness. After, I got my Prik king and I was a fan on the first bite. The chicken was well cooked and the sauce was well done--not too salty and oily. The rice made is good compliment to the dish as many Asian dishes.I would come again.
5	Amazing food. Very friendly. Our server even brought us soup before we ordered just as a welcome. This place is just wonderful. My husband and I were in town and had a craving for some pad thai and he found this little place on Yelp. The sheer number of positive reviews had our mouths watering and we were not disappointed. The food and pricing were perfect for us. Everything was served fresh and quickly. It was a good family made meal. We are going to be in Vegas this next weekend and cannot wait to go back and visit!
5	Best Thai in town! Staff is super cool, service is awesome and food is amazing. Can't ask for better!
4	Love it. Near my house and always end up going here twice a month for dinner on my way back from my shop. Its fast its easy and the flavors are spot on. I normally get the spicy eggplant 6* rating. My wife will get the prik king or the chicken fried rice. The spice eggplant is done on point. There is no soggy about it. Other places over cook the eggplant and it tastes bad. This reminds me of being back home in Hawaii at a little thai shop there. The owner is a little thai lady who is very nice and laid back. I also like their curries. I haven't really tried much else other than the pad thai but really wasn't a fan of the way it was done.  either way good little thai joint to try out.
5	Thanks to Yelp I found this little Thai place in a strip mall in Las Vegas.  It is some distance from the Strip, but it is worth the trip.  I have gone there both of the last two times I've visited Vegas.  Both times the food was inexpensive and delicious.  The woman who owns and runs the place keeps it spotlessly clean and is quite the character.  I highly recommend this place.
3	This spot does lunch specials Monday to Friday until 3pm so the BF and I dropped in to try a new spot. There was a sign on the door for To Go Only $2 soup special.  Odd promo as I never see myself needing or thinking of getting soup to go, but I guess if you have a sick friend who suckered you into feel better supply errands get them some soup special or grab one for your favorite homeless on the corner.  I got the Thai eggplant with pork - the flavor of the sauce was rather good and the vegetable components were all fresh (eggplant, carrots, bellpeppers). It wasn't very spicy though, you would think it was no spice that a 5 level.BF got the massuman with beef - the meat was tender and I thought the flavor of their massuman was rather good, just the right amount of sweet which I feel tends to be what goes overboard in some places massuman base. Portion was fine for a lunch, came with a scoop of rice and 1 veggie eggroll. I see some people's pictures come with soup but we didn't get any. The one weird thing is there isn't a restroom? I wonder if you can go to the one that is in through the kitchen, but because of this each table has hand sanitizer. Service was just alright. We were given pitcher of water so we didn't really have someone attending to us much aside from ordering and the bill. The food we got was decent enough that I would try this place again, but it isn't the first on my list when I'm thinking of grabbing some Thai for lunch.
4	Had dinner there last night while waiting for my car's oil change at the dealership next door. It's a tiny restaurant but the food is excellent. Love the little touches with the carved veggies. I had the Mara Nee Krob (hope I got that right). Crispy pork bites with broccoli rabe and an order of pork fried rice. Great portions and even better flavor. I will be back.
5	This is hands down my favorite Thai place in town. I love the vibe, love the service and absolutely LOVE the food. So much attention to detail and flavors. I love ordering from here so much that I do it every week.
5	I've lived in DC and Chicago, two great food towns.  There is no Thai place in either town that compares to this one. Tofu pad Thai makes being vegetarian worth it and picking your spicy level (1-10, 6 for me) is awesome. Authentic food for suThe lunch special is cheaper than Panda and a million times better. The service is not perky but that's part of the charm. Very small seating area and not much to look at, but get past that because you will love it! This will always be on my Vegas to do list when I return.
5	Fantastic green curry!
3	This place is an average Thai restaurant - nothing to dance and sing about. We ordered take out pad thai and the pad see ew. Both dishes were dry and the noodles seemed to be undercooked. However, the flavors of both dishes were great. I really appreciated the spice levels they offered. I ordered both dishes a spicy #8 and it delivered a nice spicy kick that wasn't unbearable - It added a great spicy flavor. As much as I prefer my noodles to be tender, moist and juicy, I couldn't stop eating them because I loved the flavors so much. Maybe next time I'll try eating at the restaurant with hopes that it will come out juicier!
1	Phone order. Was supposed to deliver at our hotel. Was late an hour!!. No communication... Couldn't even get a hold of them. Rude/horrible customer service.
4	Great lunch specials!
5	Best service!! I always order their Chicken Panang. It's amazing! I can't compare to any other Thai places I've tried out. It's a small restaurant but definitely worth it!!!
5	Love this place service is great they make you feel very welcome like part of the family it's very clean food is top notch don't pass this one up
4	This place is definitely worth trying! It's a hole in the wall that's pretty small. I literally feel like I am walking into someone's kitchen while visiting their home! Very traditional Thai decor and music playing- that is when it is playing. The service is always very swift. I like that she serves water in clean glass cups- it just tastes better to me. But what's something to really appreciate is their Thai tea. It's one of the best and is so freakin delicious and perfect, much like the various entrees you can order from the massive menu. L&L their Pad Thai is a little different tasting but it could be the hidden touches of home. The larb is to die for and I'm crazy about their mussaman curry. Pad se ew is really delicious too! The only reason why I wouldn't give 5 stars is because sometimes the food is not always consistently cooked right. Like sometimes the potatoes are still hard or the noodles will be undercooked, but I still find myself coming back. I love the little lady who owns this place- it's a definite hidden gem.
4	I was introduced to Prommares by a buddy who hadn't been there in 15 years. He says, "How about Thai food? I know a good place on Sahara. Haven't been there is a while, but it used to be good," Well, if it was as good 15 years ago as it is now, it's no surprise they are still around. We were seated promptly, with water and soup brought to the table almost immediately. I chose the Mongalian Beef with a spicy level of seven. Probably could have gone up a notch or two, but the forehead was sweating nonetheless. The food was hot and fresh and included an egg roll in addition to the soup. The beef was tender and lean with plenty of fresh vegetables and rice. The portion size with plentiful, especially for a lunch special, which will run you around eight bucks before you add a beverage. I was introduced to Larb beef as an appetizer, which was an interesting blend of ground meat and spices with lots of flavor. We rolled in just prior to the traditional lunch hour and it got busier the longer we were there.  Located on Sahara near Torrey Pines, it might not be real convenient depending upon where you are, but it is definitely worth a drive. Some of the best Thai food I've had in Vegas.
4	My favorite Thai restaurant! Small place but excellent food and friendly service.  Pick up orders have always been ready when promised.
5	Small restaurant but food is amazing. This was our second time here. The first time we had lunch and they offer lunch specials and take out. Tonight we went for dinner and it was quiet only two other tables had customers, maybe because it was late. The service is quick and excellent just like the food, we will continue to stop in every time we are in town.
4	This is one of the top places on my list for Thai takeout. Unlike a certain popular competitor that I won't name, Prommares has such a home-style feel to it, like I'm sitting at a friend's grandmother's home eating their homemade cooking.The restaurant is very much a hole in the wall with limited seating. I've heard that it can get filled up to capacity but in my experience, I've never seen it with more than 5 customers at a time. I believe the owner is the lady who works the front and she might sometimes seem abrupt, but I swear she's actually really nice, just a no nonsense type of person. I've ordered takeout several times and it's never taken more than 10 minutes for them to cook my food, lunch or dinner time. Their yellow curry and chicken with chili and cashew nut are delicious with just the right amount of spice. Their fried rice is also very flavorful with the basil and spices. The only item I don't really like is their pad thai, which I found the noodles to be really dry. At first I thought it was just me, but after reading other reviews, I'm not alone. Also, charging $2 for a box of rice is a ripoff, but the prices are really decent for the portions and quality you get, so I just make sure I cook rice at home beforehand.
4	I went here on a suggestion from a coworker. I couldn't write one bad thing about it if I tried. The service was prompt, friendly, and the dish that I had was top notch and had excellent flavor. And it is very cheap for a great tasting fresh meal!
5	I've been coming here for the last eleven years!  It's a small local business with the owner that's always there greeting all her guests and serving up some hot and fresh Thai food that's made to order!
5	Best Thai food in Vegas!Nice little hole in the wall.Crab pot & spicy garlic chicken is highly recommended.
3	We came here for Thai food with one $. It was a little pricier than expected and servings weren't generous. Decor is cute. Space is tiny. A-ok if this is your neighborhood Thai spot. No need to go out of your way.
1	WORST customer service ever! my husband and I ate here twice a week, always leaving a 20% plus tip. One random day the lady told my husband "don't come back" because his order was too complicated for the chef! He wanted no peanuts or tofu in the pad thai (what he ordered every time), not complicated! She was very rude for no reason. Needless to say, they do not know how to keep good customers.
