2	I didn't like Daphne's.  It's bland, overpriced Greek food.  I got a falafel pita, side of fries and a drink - something that might be considered a cheap lunch special somewhere else - but it cost me nearly $8 and it wasn't good.  It gets two stars for being edible, but not tasty.
3	Fast food Greek is not very prevalent around the Valley so this is a good alternative... not great, but you can fulfill your gyros craving here. It is a chain so be prepared for a slight lack of authenticity if you know your Greek food. Everything I've had here fulfills a hungry stomach. You just won't leave overwhelmed with excitement.
5	I absoulutely love this place!  I go there so often they know me by name and remember my order.  I always get the Honey Chicken Pita Lunch Combo.  It inclues rice and salad and a drink.  The "honey" is for honey mustard.  I know it's weird but the combo of honey mustard and tzatziki sauce tastes awesome with the chicken pita.  Not only is the food good, but it's fast!  I prefer going here to some of the more "authentic" Greek restuarants in town. I have nothing to say that's negative about this place.
3	Daphne's is a total work-lunch staple.  I go there regularly and it's so "eh, pretty good" that I have never thought to review it.  My standby is the combo chicken, which comes with a chicken/veggie kabob skewer, gyro meat, a little salad, some pita triangles and rice.A bonus about Daphne's is that it is one of the locations in the Promenade with outside seating not directly staring at a parked car.  However, watch out for the mutant-sized crows that hover over the small patio--I was definitely more scared of the birds than they were of me!!  Keep your pitas and small children close if you don't want them to fly away.
3	Gyros are tasty and the fries that come with it are decent.  I've also tried the beef/chicken combo plate with rice and found it to be pretty good.  Not really Greek food for the hard core Greek seeker, but hits the spot for a change of pace from other fast food places.Only one complaint - listen up Daphne's: Wash down your damn patio - daily! The birds leave their marks on the tables and chairs there and it's really disgusting.  With the weather turning really nice, I'll be looking for other places to eat outside.
2	Rather ordinary Greek fast food with a McDonald's feel to it - cheap, uniform, and people going there because it is located where nothing good to eat fast is nearby.Falafel was just ok, fries ok, and I'm not sure why it was a little pricey for what I got.
4	This is the only Greek place close by with great food. The gyros are mouthwatering but since I have stopped eating red meat after my poor experience at Lucille's, I eat the chicken kabob platter. It is great! So are the hummus, falafel & other goodies. There is also the option of chicken tenders for the kids.
2	Everything was just ok except for the service which was a step above. That said, I still can't bring myself to go higher than 2 I ordered the Gyro combo and it came with a choice of fries or salad and rice. I got the salad and rice which was ok, nothing special. The gyro wasn't great. They served it with room temp meat and the taziki sauce was too thick definitely not made in house. I get the concept of this place with a simple "fast order" menu but if you are looking for good Greek food... Don't even attempt it.
4	Here's the issue with Daphne's - most days I'd give this place 5 stars, but others a measly 2 or 3. When they are good they are surprisingly really good!  The service has always been friendly and quick, the veggies fresh and crunchy, and always consistent on sizes.  Their prices are excellent, ranging from 6-8 for lunch and 8-10 for dinner.  You cant beat their $1 menu either, with delicious hummus and baklava.  The only bad part about it which would lead me to their 2 or 3 star days would be select servings of meat I've had... Normally, the lamb is wonderfully flavorful, hot and fresh.  However, if you go at a not so busy time and don't request it, they sometimes forget to shave the outside of the meat off that's been cooking on the rotisserie for hours, resulting in dry, burnt, undesirable meat.  My last point is probably unfair and extremely biased, but they serve pepsi instead of coke, and I am a diet coke addict.  I warned ya.
5	Update:  The Chandler location gave us a 2 for 1 coupon for our next visit.  The coupon was clearly marked with the Chandler location, but we figured what the heck and tried to use them at the Scottsdale location.  We thought they weren't going to accept them, but to our amazement they did.  It just goes to show that some businesses really do care about customer service.  And btw the food and service was just as good as the first time.
2	If you're looking for some great authentic Greek food, this is not the place. If you're looking for your fast food version of Greek food- this would be an accurate comparison. I was disappointed in the Greek salad, the rice not bad but not great either and the pita not too shabby as well. The meat was probably the best part of the dish but not my fave. Again if you're in the promenade and looking for a quick bite not a bad spot to stop just don't expect anything authentic.
2	There ought to be a law prohibiting Greek restaurants from going corporate.  I expect my Greek restaurants to be family owned and run by ugly, hairy, overweight Greeks (this includes the men and the women).  In fact, the uglier the better, as I suspect there is an inverse relationship between the quality of Greek food and "looks" of the restauranteur.  Wasn't there a movie about fat Greeks who owned a diner.... wait... I need to grab some Windex I'm getting a pimple.Anyway, Daphne's proves my point.  I was in the mood for meat, bread and french fries and Daphne's was nearby.  I would call my gyro a "styro-gyro".  The meat was cold and tasteless and had been carved hours earlier.  The pita bread reminded me of an old sun rotted Frisbee that sat on the side of the house all summer.  It crumbled into pieces.  The french fries were hot, but I could taste the frozen bag they came in.  The only high point is that they offer this really tasty diet Soba grapefruit flavored drink at their soda fountain.  That was one tasty diet drink.  Oopah!
3	As a fairly new connoisseur of Greek food, this place is pretty good. I like their pita a lot, and the fire feta is quite addicting.  The salad and rice aren't anything to write home about, and I'm not crazy about the tzaziki sauce here (love it other places)... the street gyros were decent, and the tea that they serve here is delicious when mixed with pink lemonade. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I'll be back when I'm in the 'hood.
1	This is, without any doubt, the worst food in Scottsdale.  And since Scottsdale has so many bad restaurants, that's saying a lot.There is generally one person in the "kitchen", who simply takes pre-frozen corporate crap and slaps it on your plate.I can't even begin to describe how awful it is.    Just think of the worst airline food you've ever had, and that comes close.
4	I signed up here just to write this review.A few weeks back we were in the neighborhood trying to decide where to have early dinner.  We had trouble finding them but we were very determined (better access is through Bell, by Verizon)I had a coupon but had never been to Daphne's.I was a little disappointed because I didn't expect a fast food place, but the service was great and the food was very good. I had a gyro and my husband a dinner plate. The manager (Todd?) made all the difference, it is great to interact with people with excellent customer service skills. Baklava was very tasty. We will be back!
2	I went to Daphne's today since I love their patio and wanted to leisurely dine outdoors. I ordered the Chicken Ka-bob and the double greek salad and a soft drink for $7.94 today. I love greek salad, but this came nowhere near to my expectations. I am used to a ton of tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, etc. I had two small tomatoes and cucumber slices and two or three olives and a lot of lettuce. I'm used to a greek salad having little if any lettuce. I guess I am spoiled by all the great greek restaurants in Chicago. Time to get busy and find a go to Greek Restaurant in this area.
3	I enjoyed Daphne's when I lived in Cali.   It was too bad they closed few locations.  I believe Scottsdale is the only location left.  I have ordered a Gyro to-go.  I was amazed how quickly it came out.  It was less than 5 minutes.  I was expecting the meat to be cold.  It was hot and delicious.   Of course another plus was that I had completed a survey from their website, and got a $5.00 coupon to use.  My Gyro was just $1.08, beats Mac'ds.
5	I visited Daphne's on my birthday after receiving a free birthday meal in my email. They were extremely courteous and even sang me happy birthday. The manager Scott was friendly and of course the food is great.Not too expensive on any day, and I always find Greek food to be filling. Highly recommend.
1	My roommate and I went here fir the first time today. The price was the only thing that was great. The chicken was dry, the tzatziki sauce was bland and thick, and the so called Greek dressing on my side salad tasted like cheap bottled Italian. The fries were ok, hummus was bland, and I said no onions on anything, yet onions were on EVERYTHING. needless to say, I will NOT be going here again. I can't even say that this was the McDonalds of Greek restaurants cause I would have rather eaten an McDonalds.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I'm Greek and my family cooks a lot of Greek food.  Their tzatziki sauce was runny and not flavorful. Everything was just real commercialized, nothing tasted right or even close to homemade.
2	If you want an awesome gyro, go elsewhere.  Chicken pita is good.  Rice is bland.  Not great.
4	I used to t at te location in downtown Portland when I live in Oregon. It was an obsession. They have such good geek salad and lemon soup. They don't have the best quality pits and the gyro meat can be a tad dry, but when it cones to getting a Greek fix and leave happy, this is a great place to go. When it comes to quality, Athenas is AMAZING
2	I have been an avid Daphne's fan for years ever since I discovered this place when I was in college. It actually introduce me to Greek food in the first place which I have since expanded my horizons to some really wonderful mom and pop Greek restaurants. But I would still frequent Daphne's when I wanted to satisfy my Greek food craving in a pinch. Their convenient locations and fast service made it ideal when I just wanted to pick up some Greek food and head home. However, times are a-changin' and it seems to be extremely obvious at Daphne's nowadays. My go to meal here was the shrimp & gyro combo plate. It always hit the spot with a little bit of everything. But lately, my combo has become a little less satisfying. The tzatziki sauce is now super runny/watery when it used to be perfectly creamy/yogurty. The rice is less flavorful and less fluffy than it used to be. The gyro meat seems to be more on the dry side and the breaded shrimp aren't so breaded anymore. Even the pita bread seems smaller and thinner. I don't know if these things were simply bad experiences for me or if they are, in fact, changes that were put in place to battle the trying economic times. Whatever the reason, it just isn't quite the same anymore. At one point in time I wouldn't have batted an eyelash at spending $12-14 for my quick Greek food fix but lately the plates that are being served just don't seem worth it anymore.It's not always feasible to go to a sit down Greek restaurant because sometimes I just don't have the time or finances so I really hope that Daphne's will one day be restored to glory in my books.
3	I've read the recent reviews on Daphne's and have to disagree with many of them. This is not fine dining. This is Greek style fast food. If you have any other kind of expectation that you're going to get "gourmet" Greek, you will be sorely disappointed. I, however, wanted a quick, tasty and moderately healthy meal, and I got just that at Daphne's. For "fast food" Greek, the original hummus was yummy and very creamy. You can't beat it for the price! The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were served cold, not greasy, very tender and delicious. With two orders of dolmas and one order of hummus, my tab was slightly over $5! It's a no-brainer. Daphne's is great for what it is!
2	I like the food. I have been here a few times, as it is now close to my office location (and I got SO excited when I first saw it, because I used to go in L.A. and loved it there).The Chicken Kebab is good, and the hummus is decent as well (I've only had Original). I almost always get the Fire-Roasted Vegetables, although some days they are better than others. Today I got the Gyro Pita for the first time, and I am pleased with it. I don't know a lot about tzatziki  (I am no connoisseur by any means), but it tasted good to me today...not too runny; not too thick; mildly tangy (is that what it's supposed to be like?).The food usually comes relatively quickly. I have not dined-in yet; I always get it to go and bring it back to the office.The service is where I'm having a struggle. The dude with the glasses does not enjoy his job, as far as I can tell. The first time, I gave him the benefit of the doubt; now, I'm realizing that it might just be a personality (or lack thereof) issue. The words and mostly even the tone are there, and if he was behind a curtain, he would probably seem friendly enough, but the face and actions tell a different story. I am big on customer service, and I appreciate when others in the service industry are, too. I don't think I've seen this guy smile once. I definitely don't condone being fake, but there is a level of friendliness that a person can have toward his customers without making them feel as though they are an annoyance, which is how I feel whenever he's there. He didn't even take my order today and I still wanted to shake him. If you hate your job that much, maybe it's time to look for another one.And, like I said, I like the food, but it's not amazing enough to make up for the lack of customer service, so I'm giving the place 2 instead of 3 stars. I will say that the girl who took my order today was nice enough and at least smiled and asked how I was doing. Even if she didn't really care and was just asking as a formality (no doubt the case), I still felt more welcomed by her than grumpface.Now I could be reading him all wrong; maybe it's just because I'm a friendly-type person and I could be way off-base. But my perception of his disdain for his customers is enough to keep me away for now, unless I am in an extremely good mood and need to be knocked down to just a 'regular' good mood. I need to be making my own lunches anyway, so, thanks for the nudge, fella.
4	A place like Daphne's isn't going to be a Yelp superstar, but that does not mean it is bad.  Personally, I find their food pretty good for what it is.  It's a chain....not a hole in the wall, mom & pop Greek restaurant.  Once you have an understanding of that going in, it isn't bad at all!  I know I can go here, grab a quick meal to go, and be happy.I always get the gyro pita...which tastes just like most other gyros I've had, yum, the pita has always been soft/fresh.  Along with my gyro I usually get a side of dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).  Not the best dolmas I've had, but again, for a chain they taste freshly made and always satisfy.I gave it 4 stars but only because there was no 3.5 :)
4	The chicken gyro was a skimpy on the chicken. I would give that 3 stars. The roasted red pepper hummus was good. It's regular hummus with a dollop of roasted red pepper in the center. That portion was a little skimpy too. I'd also give that 3 stars. The hands down winner was the lemon chicken soup. OMG! Whoever thought of adding lemon to chicken soup is a genuis. My sister & I split that, we were both secretly wishing we could have it all to ourselves:)
4	This place gets 4 stars for the roasted red pepper hummus and the lemon chicken soup which is phenomenal! I ordered the lamb gyro which was good, not great Would I go back again, yes. It's healthy and that matters to me.
3	This is a place that benefits by no 1/2 star ratings, as I'd like to give it a 2.5, but feel too bad giving them a 2. There's nothing wrong with the place per se, it's just not my cup of tea. This place is to Greek food what Rubio's is to Mexican; not bad, but leaves you craving the real stuff.Been here a few times and have tried a mix of items - their salads are probably the only thing I'll actually come back for. I do like that they offer a multi-grain pita, and it's not too bad tasting either. the hummus isn't bad.Things I didn't like? They always seem to be slow getting an order out. Their tzatziki sauce? Bleh. I'm a huge fan of tzatziki, but I don't know what this stuff is. Actually, it reminds me of ranch chip-dip that you make with sour cream and one of those flavor packets. Their pita sandwiches i think are too dry; meat, lettuce, tomato, onion - little or no feta, sauce, or dressing or any kind. Portions aren't bad, but aren't huge either. Especially for $9+ for a chicken pita combo (includes 2 sides & small drink). For that price, I wouldn't have minded a bit more than the modest scoop of rice pilaf & veggies I got for my side items.  (rice pilaf was kinda bland too.)Like i said - i didn't walk away thinking any of the food was bad or gross (except for the tzatziki) but i didn't walk away impressed either.
2	I once was a faithful patron of this purveyor of the 'California Greek' experience but I've since tucked it away in the "meh" folder.  Here's why.- The pita points program is an affront to loyalty programs.  200 points to get a measly $10 back?  Seriously?- The price.  It keeps creeping up and up.  When a pita lunch at a QSR establishment passes the $10 barrier you know its time to explore your options.  - The pita.  It is dry and bordering on insipid.The food is still decent but the execution of this concept has lost its way.
3	I have been here a few times over the years and the food is pretty good. If it is busy, you will have a little bit of a wait, but that is with any place you go to. Sometimes (but not always) there pitas can taste a little stale, as if they were sitting out to long, but all in all, the food is quite tasty. With the new design that has taken place over the years, the prices have definitely gone up, but still pretty good. Plus if you are on their mailing lists, you get a free lunch coupon for your birthday. Score!! :)
3	Love the chicken pita burger and greek salad. For the price the food is hard to beat and a healthy choice as well.
3	I am torn between three and four stars on this one. The food is decent but the portions are a little small for these prices. The small portions are somewhat offset by the various side dishes that are included in many of the menu items. I also appreciate how several of the menu items are healthy. The food itself was quite good but thats not saying much because I have never had terrible greek food before. They also have a decent patio which is a plus in my book.
5	Of course I wish the prices were a little lower (I think I even say this at McDonald's), but the food was very tasty and I felt like the meal was a fresher, healthier version of what I might have gotten for the same price elsewhere.  The person who took my order was patient and bubbly.  The music and atmosphere was awesome; nothing like it in the neighborhood.  Five stars.
4	I love the food, especially for what is essentially fast food Greek.  You order at the counter and then they bring it out to you.  They do have wine and beer, but I have been unable to partake because I am usually ordering carry out for lunch.  When they are busy carry out is very slow.
2	I walked in not really knowing what "California Greek" meant.  My understanding of the definition is "Greek food with an attitude problem".I tried it last night since I'd tried everything else within a 5 mile radius so it was time to try Daphne's.  I perused the menu and decided to keep it safe on my first visit.  I ordered the Gyros, but I am a little picky with Gyros having enjoyed it all of my life in Chicago.  I made certain to emphasize to the host (who seemed preoccupied with a lot of things) "NO TAZIKI.  Just onions".  I could tell that I might wind up with a sandwich that wasn't right so when he repeated my order I reminded him "No Taziki...only onions."  He replied "no tomatoes or lettuce?"  Hmmm I thought.  They have a pita burger, maybe lettuce would be good on a Gyros, so I told him to put lettuce on there like it were a buger or taco or something like that.It came out with lettuce with some sort of a Greek, vinagary style salad dressing on it.  This was the last addition I wanted to a Gyros, and you'd think he'd of told me seeing as I obviously didnt want creamy sauces on my sandwich.  It ruined the whole thing...was about as non-traditional as you could imagine and I already felt like an outsider with this guy talking it up with his cook and running all around like he was on speed or something.Normally I would have addressed it and gotten a new sandwich but for some reason I just didnt even feel like it here.  I ate the Gyros and part of the pita and walked.  I just had a feeling this guy wouldnt be receptive to my problem and frankly, for $6 it wasnt worth it.  It's not like I wanted the place to be good after the aura surrounding me.It's clean though.  The menu seemed varied and the prices didnt seem bad, but the food didnt seem that good either.  They did have whole wheat pita, but they serve it cold...like right out of the baggie.  It's not toasted or grilled.  At least now I can say that I've tried it, and that I know what California Greek is.  Next time I'm with friends and they say "Hey...that place say's its California Greek.  Should we check it out?" now I know the answer.  So the meal wasnt a total waste.
1	Never Again.I stopped in after a late Yoga session and wanted to grab a quick bite. I had never been to Daphne's before so I was a little unsure of the ordering process. I asked the guy behind the counter (who did not say one word when we walked in) what he liked best on the menu. He just started and me and said "i don't know". Ummm...ok. So i settle on a combo plate of falafel and chicken skewer (check out the picture). It took almost 20 minutes with no one else in the place, so I got up and asked for it to go. This pissed the mean guy off even more... The Falafel was obviously frozen and in the shape of a sausage patty. Huh?The chicken skewer was TINY with dry chicken and burnt veggies.The hummus wasn't even good and the pits tasted old and stale. All for $9 you have GOT to be kidding me!I really wanted to like this place cuz it's close to home, but I will never be back.
4	great food. great prices. we go once a month. My kids love this place..
4	I'm back with a vengeance. Why?-The Veggie burger on Pita is a great lunch option-They revamped their loyalty program, much better-They promote great music-Good customer service
3	Good Service, but food was just ok. Don't think I will try it again.
1	Tried Daphne's today for the first time. It will most certainly be my last, as well. I called in an order for the fire roasted vegetable classic pita. I'm lucky I got it as a combo with rice pilaf (don't think it can even be considered a pilaf; bland) because they literally just put LETTUCE AND TOMATO in my pita. No roasted vegetables, no hummus, no avocado; nothing. Are you serious?  Why have a vegetarian option if you get so confused about it? When I called them to tell them they missed the 'fire roasted vegetable part' they told me I can drive back through Scottsdale traffic and get them (presuming I'd drive back to work and put them on my pita). Thanks, but no thanks. $8 down the drain.
2	The food is decent... Chicken is a little over done. However the service was horrible. It took 30 min to get my food and I was the only person waiting. Do not recommend it.
2	This place is frustrating - I've had a pretty decent food and service but mostly both are terrible.  I've been here quite a few times, always in a pinch when I wanted to grab falafel that was close to the house...they never seem to have their act together.The hummus is probably the only thing that I can say is consistently ok. Today might have been the last straw for me, I ordered a couple of pitas and a wrap to go only to find that once I got home the pitas had a few soggy pieces of old lettuce and wilted tomato with falafel, missing the hummus and feta I ordered.  The wrap had falafel and a small dollop of hummus. missing the feta, lettuce and tomato I ordered.  At first glance I thought the wrap was actually empty - just a handful of beige.I also find ordering more complicated than it needs to be, even their web ordering is confusing and the staff seems to be confused too.  They should make it more of an assembly line system where the customer is pointing to what they want and all you have to do is scoop it into whatever.I hope they figure this all out.
5	I usually come here for lunch every Saturday. I grab lunch and then head to Crackerjax to hit a bucket of balls.I would say I have eaten here at least 40 times, conservatively. Although others have complained about the service, I believe that it is top notch. My experience is that you will ALWAYS be greeted walking in the door, and thanked when you leave.  On most occasions, someone will check in with you during your meal to see if things are good and "can I get you anything?"  Today, I was actually asked if things were good three different times.On to the food, it is delicious and healthy.  I believe in a healthy lifestyle and this fits the bill.  'nuf said.The restaurant is also incredibly clean and it is very apparent that the staff is dedicated to keeping it that way.Overall, I would respectfully disagree with anyone who did not give this the highest marks.What would I recommend?  The Shrimp Pita Sandwich combo, some Fire Feta (it has some kick to it) and without a doubt the Avgolemono (Lemon Chicken Soup).Enjoy!
5	Great food and even better service!!!  After 10 visits never a bad meal or service. Great work.
2	I have been here a handful of times and have come to decide that the food is average at best. I really wanted to like this place, but every time I eat here I am not impressed. I typically go at lunch as it is fairly close to work, but I just think there are much better Greek restaurants to choose from. I feel like I come here in hopes that one day it will blow me away but that day hasn't come yet. Their rice is bland, the pitas are just OK, and the salads are mediocre. The atmosphere is nice and the service has been pretty good but I think I am done with this place.
5	This is a great place for some quick and delicious Greek food.  I love their gyros and their lemon soup (ask for some rice pilaf in it, it makes it even better).  I like how their dining area is nicely spread out, it is very spacious and I especially like the high tops. Pricing is decent, not too cheap or too expensive, just about right.  The food always comes out quickly and is freshly made, you can even watch them make it behind the register if that makes you nervous.  If you want a healthy option, they have great salads as well, which you can even add gyro meat to for some extra protein.
4	This place reminds me a little of a "Greek Chipotle". It is casual dining, a step up from fast food, with very good quality food and very reasonable prices. It is a perfect lunch stop and a welcome change from burger and sandwich shops.
1	I went to Daphne's for the first time today and it will be my last.  I ordered a Classic Gyro Pita with a side of fries, and i was almost offended by what was served to me.  The Gyro Pita could have been on a children's menu... not only was it small, but the amount of Gyro was non existent. They basically filled the tiny pita with spoiled (brown) romaine lettuce and tomato.  They served this with a side of 10 french fries and a drink and charged roughly 10 dollars for the meal. All of this is followed up by awful service. Thanks for nothing, Daphne's!
4	Unexceptional food.gyros were not fresh.salad flavor was good but a bit on the dry side. Clean place and quick service though.
5	I eat here every week, I went last Friday and it was GONE!  Closed, I couldn't believe it.  Does anyone know if they are just moving somewhere else?
4	We used to go here at least once a month. Good food at fair prices. However, it is now closed. Big bummer.
5	This place is delicious and well priced. I haven't had any of the issues other reviewers have experienced. Pretty healthy and more importantly very flavorful food!
