4	I love Old Blue Eyes.. I named my dog Frankie afterall. After Frank Sinatra. When the beau told me he was taking me to the new Sinatra @ the Encore for dinner I was delighted. There's nothing better than listening to Frank while enjoying a meal with great company. The ambiance - I liked it; I think Frank would approve. There were several pics of franks lining the walls. Of course Franks enchanting voice blasted in the background.. Delicious The drinks - 5 stars all the way. I sipped on a whiskey concoction suggested by the bartender. I don't recall the name but it has raspberries in it and it was fantastic!Service - Top Notch!Food: We started with the quartet of duck liver crostini, crudo (tuna with fennel, Mozzarella, and seasoned market vegetables.. ALL made to perfection!AG ordered the risotto- creamy; exactly how risotto should be.. delishhI ordered the ravioli stuffed with lobster and spicy red sauce... hmph; i didn't love it.. so instead I shared the risotto.. I give Sinatra 4 stars because everything was perfect except for my dish..  I wouldn't normally be that generous when a dish is off but the restaurant is themed after my favorite singer afterall..
5	A life-changing event. One of the top 5 meals of my entire life. Absolute perfection in haute cuisine: food, ambiance, service all five-star.===I am honored to review the heavenly nirvana that is Sinatra at Encore. That a restaurant could be so well composed only two weeks after opening is otherworldly. Clearly the gods have shone on this mansion of Olympus.Reservations are required. Dress is extremely up; don't embarrass yourself by even walking into this hotel without a jacket or donned in high European couture: the splendour of the decor absolutely demands your highest respect. Gloriously beautiful butterfly mosaics guide your way highlighted by the RED red chandeliers above (did I mention that they are red?). You may pass by some disappointed fanny-packed, windbreakered walk-ups, turned away without a reservation as you take your seat atop a stool, one of just seven at the bar. Old blue eyes is serenading you as you are about to embark on the swankiest dinner of a thousand lifetimes.I ordered my Dubonnet Manhattan and was proud to be the first pour from the newly unsealed bottle. History. Should have been real cherries, but I'm too overwhelmed to fuss. Hostess arrives to escort us... Hmm, not what I'd expect for the look in a swanky Maitre'd but again, I'm not fussing. I get to sit under this gigantic portrait of the man himself.Every detail is supreme. The royal orchids table arrangement and linen-topped oil lamp shade masking the flickering flame within. The embroidered artwork of butterflies on silk napkins. The lushly textured orange tablecloth (how can I have a shirt made from that material?!?) and the orange piping framing the absolutely white seat cushions.The wine list is eclectic and mostly complete. A wonderfully huge Amarone awaits our dessert and just champagne cocktails for now.Lobster raviolis are absolute perfection. Mixed with buttery tomatoes, so fine. The ossobucco melts in your mouth, the marrow the finest I have ever had. I was so deeply moved that I wished hard that I might be able to pay homage to the chef; I was lucky enough to be able to present my thanks personally, but that's a story for the memoirs.They even made my favorite dessert to accompany the vanilla gelato. Strawberries, mint and balsamic vinegar. Was there a hint of pepper? I can't wait to go back.
5	I have eaten italian all over the world, have made italian .. have sneaked into italian grandmother's kitchens had leftovers.. (jk)   This restaurant is excellent in every way, ranging from the decor to the food all the way to the personalities of the staff. A+ we started with one of my favorite vegetables ... the beet and lobster salad.. it was presented wonderfully and every beet with the gentle squeeze of your jaw would bust open in your mouth and all I wanted was a bowl of the beets, the lobster was just an added bonus!!! the angolotti was completely amazing...  stuffed with rocotta and the truffle sauce were the perfect dish in the middle of the amazing entrees. great pasta.. can't wait to try the other pastas on the hot appetizers portion.  the entrees, we had the john dory and veal milanese... john dory was good...  it was cooked well and flavorful ....  the VEAL MILANESE WAS DELICIOUS, SO DELCIIOUS.... put the riveria greens on the plate with the veal milanese... and at the end of dinner.... i asked the manager if i would get asked to leave if i sucked on the bone.... which i did and i got to stay for desert!!.... the panicotta  was great... so tasty!... you have to go ... after you eat . you thank god your alive
5	Sinatra "popped my cherry"!  My YELP cherry that is...Sinatra in the new Encore hotel in Las Vegas is hands down worthy of my first review, after much thought about which establishment would be my introduction to this community.I recently celebrated my birthday at this restaurant and I heard that Steve Wynn celebrated his birthday there a week prior with a host of celebrities and multi-millionaires including the "Donald" himself.  Anything good enough for the owner of the hotel is good enough for me.Here is the review...enjoyType: Sinatra's is a modern take on classic Italian.Atmosphere: The decor and ambiance can only be described as classic elegance.  The sounds of Sinatra filled the very large main dining room in a pleasant and subtle way and was by no means overbearing or too powerful.  I could easily enjoy conversation throughout dinner with my date.  Large chandeliers and a photo of Frank stood out in the main room.  I particularly enjoyed the high decorated ceilings and large windows that looked out into the patio dining and garden area.  The carpet was a little much, but with the amazing view of the garden and the delicious food in front of me my focus wasn't on my feet.Staff: We were greeted at the restaurant like we were VIPs and immediately shown to our table by the gracious hostess.  As fine dining should be various staff members were on point to take our order, bring our order, and refill our drinks.  Jonathan, our sommelier, recommended an amazing Italian wine (which name excapes me at the moment) based on what we told him we were looking for and it paired nicely with the Ossabuco.  The food was delivered with precision and immpeccable timing as our silverware was switched per course.  Food: AMAZING! Pretty much that describes the overall satisfaction from my dining experience.  3 choices of fresh baked bread were served along with butter and I must recommend the Asiago bread.First Course: Tonnata - blue fin tuna served "carpaccio" style with thin slices of tuna topped with finely selected seasonings.  The tonnata literally melted in your mouth and left your palette craving for more.*we ordered originally the Capisante - Maine diver scallops, but was informed from the waiter that the scallops were turned down by the kitchen due to receiving a poor quality batch.  I really appreciated this as this shows the high standard and quality control that Sintra has.Entree: Ossobuco "My Way" with risotto.  This also was pretty tasty and finely prepared.  The meat was cooked just right and the portion was generous.San Pietro - John Dory fillet with gnochi.  Prepared nicely and the white fish was soft and left no hints of the "fishy" taste that is sometimes found with fish dishes.  The fresh fish was complemented nicely with the gnochi as well.My favorite dish of the evening was the Ravioli.  The butternut squash ravioli was perfect and possibly the best pasta dish I have ever had!  The flavors of the squash mixed with the vanilla foam that was layered on top was pure heaven in my mouth. Dessert: I was able to get quite a sampling of the desserts and I must say they were all pretty tasty.  The Bomboloni - warm little donuts filled with dark chocolate were amazing!I was very impressed with this restaurant and will definitely go back.Sinatra would be proud...
5	You talking to me? Hey it's a 5 because it is Sinatra, if you don't like Old Blue Eyes, you're going to hate it, but maybe not if you like good food. Or we'll have to have a talk. Food was solid, nice but limited wine selection. Chianti -drink up. Appetizers were delicious - Carpaccio, Cappesante, Polpettine all good. The Pasta selections, solid - Pappardelle, Ravioli, Chiarra - out of this world. Entre- You like Veal? My Way or Milanese are good, you don't even need a knife for the Ossobuco -like butter. Pesci - just pick something and eat already. A couple of plates of Bomboloni for dessert -and the best cup of coffee I have ever had in Las Vegas. CHECK. The music, what can I say, it is all Frank and for 2 hours it makes the meal. Great crowd as well- fun place. Service was very, very good.Just go.
5	Sinatra is an excellent restaurant in Steve Wynn's new luxury tower suites hotel at Encore. I have the Yelp community to help steer me towards Sinatra, so thank you Yelp! Quick story; I was in Las Vegas for my mom's 65th birthday and were looking for a restaurant to help celebrate. Originally my aunt made reservations at Switch, another restaurant at Encore. However, I researched Switch on Yelp and saw that it had a 2 star review at the time =X I suggested we try somewhere else and I came across Sinatra on Yelp. The 4 1/2 star review seemed appealing and thus suggested Sinatra. To say the least, I was now nervous because the burden now came onto me. However, at the end of the evening, Sinatra did NOT disappoint, and my mom was very happy with her meal and experience =)Onto the details.The ambiance and atmosphere at Sinatra was of class. A modern decor with a hint of old-Italian, combined with high ceilings, chandeliers, a huge portrait of Ol Blue Eyes himself, and a view of the flower garden created a feeling of elegance. Even the chairs were impressive, as if it were a throne itself. However, the beautiful hostess and staff helped each patron to their seats, and hence our night began.The service at Sinatra is what really blew me away. Our waiter, Michael, was very amiable and down-to-earth. His portly stature, combined with his friendly personality, almost made me call him Uncle Mikey! Although you might expect a bit of pretentiousness at such a classy restaurant, Michael certainly dispelled that notion. He welcomed us to Sinatra and provided us with a quick description about the restaurant, as well as award-winning Chef Theo Schoenegger. As Michael described, Sinatra is obviously an Italian restaurant. However, Chef Theo approached the menu by taking classic Italian dishes and utilized reverse-culinary engineering to deconstruct the ingredients. He then implements his influence to these dishes to create a modern feel to classic Italian selections. That said, he elegantly went over the menu, giving a brief description of the dishes he recommends. After hearing Michael's monologue, I must say, I was excited!While waiting for our food to arrive, my dad brought a bottle of wine for the table, a 2005 Caymus Special Selection. I believe the corkage fee was around $40? After Michael took our orders, the sommelier (or wine steward) quickly came to our table and asked if we'd like our wine to be placed in a decanter. After saying yes, we observed this wine master at work, delicately pouring the wine from its original bottle into the decanter, then taking the bottle close to a lighted candle, to observe if any sediments were left. After a few minutes of allowing the wine to aerate and breathe within the decanter, she sampled the wine to taste for any tannins. Deemed ready. she brought our wine to the table, and after witnessing all that, it made the wine even more enjoyable! We actually just came from Napa Valley and consumed much wine during that trip (as expected haha), so my dad and I were having a conversation with her. She was very charming and answered many of our wine-related questions, so that was nice.Okay, onto the food. Sorry for the wait! For appetizers we decided to share amongst the 5 of us. We ordered two orders of each: the Assaggini Di Mare ( a quartet of the sea), the Polpettine (meatballs with polenta and mushrooms), and the Cappesante (seared Maine scallops). I didn't have much of the sea quartet, but I can definitely vouch for the Polpettine and Cappesante! The meatballs were bursting with flavor, as well as the scallops. Together with celery and kumquat fruits, the diverse combination with the scallops produced a refreshing taste to my palate, as the kumquat complimented the scallops well, while the celery acted as the bridge to put the two tastes together.I ordered the ravioli (with butternut squash, vanilla, and amaretto) for my second choice. I was a bit disappointed in the taste, for it was a bit bland for my palate. Perhaps it was the butternut squash? The vanilla foam on top, however, was a nice touch to the ravioli. My dad recommended the Agnolotti (with ricotta and herbs, parmesan sauce and chives), so maybe next time.For my main course I ordered the Colorado Rack of Lamb, along with a side of mashed Yukon Gold potato. Yum! The lamb was so tender and flavorful! The meat tasted so delicate, it was literally hanging by a thread off of the meat. The potato puree was an excellent compliment to the lamb, which was suggested by Michael. I'm not sure how Chef Theo did it, but you have to try the meat and see for yourself!For dessert, I had the bread pudding with gelato. The contrasting flavors and temperatures made the end of my dining experience even more enjoyable!Overall, I greatly enjoyed my experience at Sinatra and highly recommend! This is no themed restaurant in a casino, this is fine Italian dining at its best!P.S. Sorry for the long review =X lol
4	What a great time! We had a party of 10 and they took excellent care of us.  The appetizers were incredible.....I think I tried them all!   I had the John Dory Filet - amazing.  I can't remember desert....I think we were on our 10th bottle of champagne by then!  Great place, great atmosphere.
4	Really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was very nice.  Elegant but not stuffy. Love the bar, service was good., food came out super fast.  I had lobster risotto which was great.  The deserts were not special. We tried two, the chocolate filled doughnuts and creme brulee.  They looked better then they tasted. Anyhow, over all I really liked the restaurant.  I would go their again no prob.
5	We visited Sinatra with much anticipation. I was worried b/c my expectations were so high. Sinatra exceeded them. We went with another couple on Superbowl weekend. Our reservations were for 6:30. We arrived promptly and were seated immediately. There weren't many other people dining at that time. However, by the time we left every table was occupied and there was a line out the door waiting. I knew it was gong to be a good night when they were able to offer some better vodkas for my martini. I had Ciroq. Last month when I ate at Carnevino they were excited to offer Grey Goose. (please, no thank you) I do not drink wine, but our friends did. They were pleased with the list and found a red that they both enjoyed. For appetizers, I had the scallop with celery and kumquats. Fabulous! It simply melted in my mouth. The combination of flavors was exceptional. Get this! My husband had the romaine salad with lemon vinaigrette dressing. We both thought it was fabulous. I loved the anchovy croutons, he was not really a fan of them. Three different breads were served. All of them were great. My favorite was the cheese. The olive was interesting and worth a taste. Be careful not to fill up on these. It is very easy to do. They were yummy. For dinner, I ordered the John Dory fillet. I read other reviews here and it seemed to be consistently great. It held true for me. It was by far the best of our 4 meals. It was cooked to perfection. Again the combination of flavors was perfect. I loved the truffle sauce and asparagus. My husband ordered the shrimp rigatoni. It was OK. Of the four meals it was our least favorite. There was nothing special about it. The red sauce was average. Our friends ordered the New York steak and the evenings pork special. Both were great. The steak was served black and blue. I am not really a fan of steak and this won my heart. The pork special was also very tasty. We ordered side dishes of mushroom saute and vegetable ratatouille. When I placed the order I asked the server if there would be enough for the table since we wanted to share the mushrooms. He said absolutely and they would be served family style. Well, this was not the case. The portions were only enough for one person. We immediately asked him to bring more when he served them. I am accustomed to fine dining portions but was surprised how small of a portion the side dished were. The mushrooms were wonderful. Actually I could have had 2 scallops and a side of mushrooms as a meal. Maybe they should put that on the menu. We decided to order dessert as well. We ordered the bomboloni and cappello. I liked the bomboloni better, but both were delightful. I would definitely suggest you save room for both of these. Service was wonderful through out the entire evening. I pick this over Carnevino. Given the choice between Envy and Sinatra, I would be hard pressed to choose. Both were well worth every penny!
3	Great food and great WINE. Awesome pasta, the description matched exactly what I got. When I asked the waiter to describe the wine I wanted to order, he described it to a T. What was just supposed to be a small appetizer and a drink turned into a meal. Very elegant, very nice, VERY GOOD!
4	My Mom and I just got back from Vegas where we stayed at the Encore.  We went to Sinatra's one night after a show around 9:30 and the place looked like a swanky Chigago/NY type bar with tons of Tony Soprano type men dressed there.  Had to wait a minute for a table, so ordered one of their signature cocktails...Sinatra Smash?...bourbon and muttled blackberries- what could be better than Antioxidants mixed with Bourbon?  VERY POTENT.  Sat down to dinner- good waitstaff- yummy raisin walnut bread.  Mom ordered Osso Bucco which was delicious- said the marrow was the best thing (served with gremollata on top and risotto) and I got the Lasagna which comes in its own cassoulet- huge portion, but some of the best I've had ever!  Enjoyed our time there- not my favorite of all time, but really good for a swanky atmosphere with good food.
5	First of all the service here at Sinatra's is standard for the Wynn resort. Exemplar. The hostess and bartender were extremely pleasant.  Our waiter Larry was on top of every need at all times. The decor is nice in sea greens and corals. As with the rest of the resort the fixtures are unique and the finishes are level four. (yes I am in the design industry) There is Frank's Oscar, a Grammy and an Emmy at the entry which is pretty special if you are a fan. (I am) They were playing From Here to Eternity at the bar and sound wise mostly Sinatra, with some Peggy Lee, Dino, Sammy, and Nat King Cole. There was a Happy Anniversary card for us at the table as well as we were comped our first round of drinks for the occasion. This was super sweet. Nice touch!We started with the Caresse Salad which was fresh and perfectly balanced. I ordered the hand rolled spaghetti, while J-bo ordered the lasagna. Both were delicious. The solemner was gracious and very informative. This is a high scale restaurant and they offer pretty expensive wines.  Being from San Francisco, we know of many wines as high quality at a lower price point, but when in Vegas...  The wine she suggested was perfect with the meal and our tastes. After all it's Sinatra's world, we just live in it.
5	Since I'm Yelping everything else I went to in Vegas, why not include Sinatra? We went last night. They had a nice table for us for two right by the window. Nice. Waiter was friendly and answered any and all questions. The starter salads were amazing. I had a hearts of romaine salad with gorgonzola, walnuts and grapes. The dressing of olive oil and vinegar was perfect, not too strong and not too light. One of the better salads I've had.Since I've been eating a lot of cow in Vegas I decided on something different here. I had the Lobster Risotto. It was very very good. Normally risotto is topped off with a few bits of lobster (if it's Lobster Risotto obviously). Not here. I had a full half of a lobster with both claws on the risotto. Mixed into the lemony, creamy, peppery risotto with peas it was divine. Add in a nice white wine (a chardonnay if you must know) and it was a stellar meal.I was a bit surprised, honestly, because based on the other reviews I thought it might just be another overpriced Vegas restaurant. From my experience though, and I have had more than a few world class meals, this is an excellent dining experience that should satisfy the pickiest of diners. Apparently Steve Wynn was buddies with Old Blue Eyes, hence the name of the place. That's a nice tribute and it makes your dining that much more enjoyable if you're a Frank fan (which frankly I'm not but can appreciate the tunes). Enjoy. Oh, one last thing - take out that second mortgage before coming here, it will come in handy. That is also true for most other restaurants in popular places in Vegas though, so no direct criticism here - it would be nice if restaurants lowered prices somewhat to meet the bleakness of the economy but most must still be getting the prices they're asking for, so pony up or go to In-N-Out instead.
5	I have to say, it was because of Sinatra that inspired me to create an account on Yelp and share my passion for this place with the internet world. First of all, my bias must be clear: I am a huge fan of Frank Sinatra. When I saw Encore had a place dedicated to the Chairman of the Board, I immediately thought, "I must eat there!"The atmosphere didn't disappoint in the slightest. The first thing you see upon walking in is Frank's actual Oscar, Emmy, and Grammy awards (very cool!) as well as some of Steve Wynn's personal memorabilia harkening to the memories he shared with Frank. They have jazz standards on the sound system and old Sinatra movies on a TV over the bar. While I was there, Guys and Dolls was playing and then it switched over to From Here to Eternity. The restaurant is further complimented with giant, wall-sized pictures of Sinatra. So far, the place was definitely living up to my expectations.What I didn't expect, however, was how good the food would be...Appetizer: Carpaccio tuna. Light, delicious, almost melted in your mouth. Even if you're not a big fan of sushi, you will enjoy this dish. Main Course: Chicken Saltimbocca. This was a whole breast of chicken on the bone, with prosciutto baked around it, served on a bed of spinach.  The chicken was juicy and the prosciutto was fantastic. As a side dish I had the gnocchi, which was actually kind of a let down. It was too overdone and as a result was way too soft and mushy. Dessert: Tiramisu. Probably one of the best exampled of tiramisu I have ever had. Light, airy, and yet filling. All in all, I had a great time at Sinatra. By the way, the cocktails are superb, so even if you just stop by for a drink you will enjoy yourself. I recommend the Negroni.
5	FANTASTIC. As close to perfect as you can get. Whatever doubts I may have had about Encore melted away as soon as my gentleman friend and I stepped inside Sinatra, the fabulous restaurant built in honor of Ol' Blue Eyes. Mr. Steve Wynn, you have (somewhat) redeemed yourself in my eyes with this beautiful, romantic, elegant, and classy restaurant. Since my friend is a big Sinatra fan, I thought this was the perfect complement to our "Vintage Vegas"-themed date.The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. We had reservations and arrived as soon as the restaurant opened at 5:30. They weren't 100% ready to seat us, but they did offer us a seat in the lounge and some water or cocktails to start with at the bar. Frank's films play on the TV at the bar (they were showing The Manchurian Candidate). After we sat down for a while and talked, we were seated. The dining area is much bigger than I thought it would be. In the foyer of the restaurant are Frank's Oscar, Grammy, and Emmy awards. On the wall in both the lounge and dining areas are huge portraits of Frank wearing his trademark fedora. It doesn't get any better than this, my Yelp friends. :-)We were seated by the window and had a beautiful view of the patio outside. Frank's music plays while you have dinner, including songs of Dean Martin and Sammy Davis, Jr. Since I was continuing my birthday celebration, I decided to splurge and go all out. We split an appetizer of the Carpaccio, which was a salad with thin slices of beef. Excellent. My friend had chicken parmigiana and I had risotto with lobster and a side of spaghetti. TO DIE FOR! The crowning touch of this experience was the handwritten note by the staff wishing me a "Happy Birthday" and the Cappello dessert (chocolate cake with hazelnut sauce) shaped like Frank's fedora with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce! Delicious! Everything was wonderful! I could not have asked for a more thoughtful and memorable experience to celebrate my birthday.Best Italian restaurant in Vegas, hands down. If you're a fan of Sinatra, you'll definitely love it. If not, I would recommend you go anyway just for the awesome food and impeccable guest service. Perfect to take that special someone! :-D
4	Lovely quiet and well appointed setting make this a great go to spot for relaxed and classy dining. Frank's music, movies, and photos surround the fine dining experience. Service is polished and attentive. A basket filled and refilled with assorted bread takes the edge off one's hunger. Wine list is pricey but nice options by the glass are offered. We split a delicious green salad with a variety of tomatoes and watermelon. Too bad they did not split it for us in the kitchen making our efforts awkward. Lasagna was served with a  spicey meat sauce in a cute little pan. Halibut on a bed of corn had potential if not for the overcooked fish. Gratis dessert of panna cotta was a nice touch along with a card in honor of our anniversary.
4	Sinatra was the perfect place to dine after a very, very long day.  This had to be one of the very few relaxing and enjoyable nights I had during the week I spent in Vegas.  Unlike the Encore Hotel in which the restaurant resides, the decor is reminiscent of 1950s "Hollywood" class that reminds you of an upscale bar/lounge with plush seating.  The foyer houses two pedestal cases bearing homage to Old Blue Eyes, prominently displaying his Emmy and Oscar trophies.The menu was fairly simple with some classic Italian favorites.  My colleague and I wanted to try everything but opted for some house recommendations: the Cappesante (seared maine diver scallop, with a light celery and kumquat salad); freshmade rigatoni and agnolotti; and tiramisu the Sinatra way.The flavor contrast between courses, as recommended by our server, was much appreciated.  The Cappesante delivered a delicious, clean punch.  And our server, without even having been asked, split the flavorful rigatoni and agnolotti for us (so thoughtful and much more elegant than if we were to dig in each other's plates from across the table!).  The tiramisu is something not to be missed.  This is a place that I would certainly want to make a return visit to on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	My friends and I came here for my birthday dinner before heading to XS, and as with everything in the Wynn/ Encore hotels, we were impressed.  They offer several types of bread & crackers served with fruity extra-virgin olive oil.  Balsamic vinegar can be ordered to accompany the extra-virgin olive oil.  Try not to overindulge in bread since you don't want to ruin your appetite.  To wet our appetite, we ordered a round of Under the Tuscan Sun drinks: a cocktail with vodka and a mixture of juices.  It reminded me of a mix of a sunrise and a seabreeze.  We ordered: Caprese, Capponatina, Lasagna Bolognese, Tagliata (bone-in ribeye with eggplant parmasan), and Ossobuco.  This meal was one of the best that I've ever had in Las Vegas.  The dishes come out piping hot and are worth the wait.   The food was delicious and the meat was tender.  The tomatoes in the caprese were a mix of heirloom, cherry, & hothouse; some of them were not as ripe as they should have been, but overall it was good because of the soft Buffalo mozzarella.  The ossobuco and gremalata was so soft and juicy.  The ribeye was the perfect tender medium rare.  The lasagna would make you cry, it's so good.  This place is swanky!  It's like stepping into another era.  The furnishings are impressive: reminiscent of 1950s old Hollywood, bright, stylish and bold.  There is a dress code, but nothing too restrictive.  Sinatra's music is piped throughout the restaurant.  Overall, an enjoyable experience.  If you're ever going to indulge on a Vegas whim, try out Sinatra, you may surprise yourself or your date.
1	Wow i do not even know where to start!! first off i would like to say i had one of the best steaks of my life the night BEFORE at SW steakhouse... then Saturday we came here. i will go as far as saying it was one of the worse meals of my life. the staff including the hostess was so rued when we arrived. second how does a place serving chicken parm and lasagna have a strict dress code. now i will go into the foodwe kept it simple and started with the meatballs (3) they forgot to mention MINI meatballs they were the size of a quarter. THEY HAD ZERO TASTE WHAT SO EVER...i had the chicken parm for my entree it came out in a medal pan actually did not look that bad.. then i cut into it the chicken was very very thick and the cheese and sauce had no taste. after eating it i realized these dishes are 100% pre made. the side of spaghetti that was not included with the entree was so tiny and so mushy it could have passed as mashed potatoes. all 8 of us hated our food including the pasta with shrimp and lobster sauce and the lasagna. I'm not going to complain about the prices because we saw them before we went and i never mind paying money for a good meal.. BUT THIS PLACE IS NOTHING EVEN CLOSE TO A GOD MEAL.. STAY AWAY unless your from the Midwest and u do not know good Italian food this place is a no go. from the casino host himself i guarantee this place will be done within 6 months
5	This restaurant is located at the Encore hotel that forms part of the Wynn-Encore resort complex.  I waited at the bar for the rest of my party and was entertained by the television set showing clips from Frank Sinatra's films.  We were seated a few minutes after the balance of our party arrived. The room is smallish and the decor was somewhat subdued.  Service was friendly and prompt.  The menu is not extensive, with only a few entrees.  The lasagna entree was good, but the Osso Bucco, was outstanding and worth making a return visit for (the meat fell off the bone and was infused with wonderful flavor).   A large selection of wines including many Italian choices is available.  The portions were decently sized.
3	After reading the reviews my girlfriends and I could not wait to try this must go to place. The service was not what we expected & waited for 20 minutes after ordering a bottle of wine.  The food was good but not worth $75 for a glass or two of wine & a pasta dish with a couple shrimp.  A lot of hype. Probably will not be going back anytime soon.
5	I loved the ambiance of this restaurant.  It's also very cool to see Frank Sinatra's Grammy, Emmy, and Oscar displayed together near the entrance.  The Osso Bucco was so good.  The meat just falls right off the bone.  The scallops were also excellent.If you're looking for great food with an intimate setting, this place is perfect.
2	Should start by saying we walked out. My friend was wearing a t-shirt and was told we could eat at the bar area. Fine! There was nobody, I mean nobody in the restaurant at 7 PM. We waited to order apetizers but the only staff seemed confused by how to bring five people who were having drinks into the larger dining area. The bartender brought me a sip of $15 per glass wine - the cheapest. I asked how much a bottle would be. $65! I had heard the osso bucco was good. Not for me at $50. We walked and ate at Magianno's , literally across the street. Same wine, same bottle, $32. Sinatras is for high rollers who get comped or tourist suckers. Save your money. Got Matteo's in Westwood, CA. , where Sinatra really liked to eat.
5	mmm mmmmmm  mmmmmmmmm!Food was Good, Service was good, Wine was Good!Music was even better!
4	The food was very good at this upscale Italian joint in the Encore Hotel and Casino. The service was prompt and the waiter was more than patient as my 2 guys friends and I chatted it up like old New Jersey girlfriends. We got the chicken wrapped in Prosciutto, the Fillet and the Osso Bucco and we were pleased with everything. Perhaps the greatest part of Sinatra though is the bathroom, which has toothbrushes and toothpaste. So if you find yourself alone and destitute in Vegas, as so many of us do, drag your behind to the Sinatra bathroom, it's my favorite bathroom in Vegas.
3	One of two "fine" dining restaurants housed in the Encore.  The decor is stereotypical throwback to the 40-50s with heavy brocade wallpaper and iron chandeliers.  It's not particularly impressive compared to those Wynn boasts.  The food also is unmoving although the 3-course prix fixe menu at $56 presents a good value.  The dining experience would have been unmemorable had it not been for their tiramisu.  Chocolate and cake lovers will definitely enjoy this moist, well balanced dessert.
4	There's no other word to describe this place other than "elegant". Sheer elegance. With the almighty Sinatra's awards displayed for all patrons to see, golden curtains draping across the windows to the beautifully lit outdoor patio, and a cozy, intimate feel in the dining room, there's no wonder Encore guests deem this to be one of the most alluring restaurants to dine at.Swoon to Frank's biggest hits as you sip on a glass of wine or one of their specialty cocktails. The bellini was peachy sweet and smooth. A bit heavy on the peach puree, but just the right amount of bubbly. Everything about this venue is classy, including the menus. A soft glossy binder with a very simple selection of pastas, meat, and seafood - I've never admired such immense detail in a restaurant.Being forewarned by previous diners, I decided to split an order of the chicken parmigiana and a side of penne pasta with my gal pal. Originally, the side was supposed to be spaghetti, but I asked our waiter if we could substitute it to any other pasta and penne was on the list. The chicken was superb! Moist and tender, but not overly drenched in tomato sauce. The mozzarella was baked to a browned ooey gooey perfection and just melted in my mouth. I tried a taste of my friend's chicken saltimbocca (prosciutto wrapped chicken breast w/ asiago & sage) which was rich in flavor, but the prosciutto was overcooked and didn't melt onto the chicken. The capesante (seared Maine diver scallops) was my favorite dish of the evening. 4 plump scallops crispy on the outside, firm and chewy on the inside. The chef did a wonderful job searing each piece perfectly. The only factor that caused Sinatra to fall short of a 5-star review was that the prices were waaay overpriced for what you're getting. But I suppose it's true when they say you're paying for the ambiance. For Italian influenced cuisine, I don't believe 2 slices of chicken parmigiana should cost $30...no matter how delicious they were. Regardless, I'd come back. I'll just have to work extra hard at the tables before walking through the front door though.
4	Upon entrance of the swanky and sophisticated Sinatra, your heart will swoon just over the decor itself. Pillars of funky white shapes and classic black and white tiles will have you wondering if you stepped into the past and landed in the retro decades. Sinatra's "awards" are plastered on the walls and pictures/posters of The Voice is everywhere.  Food is absolutely divine. The caprese was drenched in olive oil and the mozzarella was so soft and moist. We also had their poleptinne which included marinara saturated meatballs and grilled polenta. My main course was the turbot with seared mushrooms. This dish was so delicate and full of flavor. The turbot is exquisitely tender and you can feel each piece of fish separate on your tongue palate. I highly recommend this dish to anyone who plans to pay a visit to this tribute restaurant. Speaking of tribute, they were definitely paying their respects to The Voice. His melodious tunes were crooning to me throughout our dinner. But beware, you can barely hear "Fly me to the Moon" because it's so busy. But it is definitely in the background somewhere. Friendly service, wonderful food, and intimate setting. Why would you NOT want to come here?
4	Fourth night of honeymoon, fourth great dinner.  After watching La Reve, we made our way over to Sinatra at the Encore.  The first thing that you notice while approaching is the Black and Gold Sinatra sign above the walk in entrance.   It really helps to set the mood of the evening, and like his music, the joint is classy.  We were seated within 5 minutes, even though the restaurant was full and we were 20 minutes early. The chairs were wide comfy wooden loungers, and the decor reminded me of a Godfather movie set adorned with large oils of Sinatra, his music playing in the back ground, with reddish orange hues and elaborate rope chandeliers reminiscent of  a high end restaurant from the 50's.  Perfect for the Chairmen of the Board.  A spot where wise guys would come and at the end of the meal say "Put it on my tab," the owner rightfully knowing that if he asked them to pay, he might be sleeping with the fishes in Lake Las Vegas.  Dressed for the affair, I was wearing a suit, and my bride looked so good in her black dress and new Manolos, if she had been on the menu, I would have ordered her.  I know, I know, I just got married, give me a break.  We started with a bottle of bubbly, I don't recall the name, but at about $95 it was reasonably priced, and lasted us through the meal.  We began with two aps, a crab salad and an octopus in marinara sauce.   The dish was simple and straight forward with lots of white crab meat tossed in a mayonnaise based dressing.  The octopus dish was very interesting and something that I would never have conceived in my kitchen at home.   However when I think of it now, a nice tomato gravy with slowly simmered tender pieces of octopus and capers, not only sounds but tastes really good.Of course the service was exemplary.  We had one of the older waiters who said that he had been with the restaurant since it opened 2 years ago.  He recommended that I have the Ossobucco, paired with a glass of cabernet...sounded good to me, and my wife decided on the chicken wrapped in prosciutto served with spinach.  Both dishes were high quality.  My plate looked like something out of a French cook book circa 1945, and had flavors of red wine, pot roast, and sherry which paired nicely with the recommended wine.  My wife's chicken was perfectly cooked, and the prosciute helped to impart a smoky flavor while keeping the bird tender and moist.  For dessert,  we ordered the Tiramisu which was also good, but felt a little pre made, meaning that it came served in a martini glass, and seemed a little wet for our tastes, like it had been made yesterday, or even 2 days prior.  Still not bad, and a great way to finish the meal which after the  still water, and the bubbly, 2 aps, 2 main courses, a glass of wine, and a beer, came out to an obese price tag of $380 tip included.   A great restaurant, but truthfully I felt a little overlooked.  When I made my reservations here, I had said that it was my honeymoon.  That should at least warrant a small congratulations dessert, or perhaps a shot of limoncello, or something to celebrate with.  Botero, two nights prior went above and beyond the call to make us feel welcomed, and I still remember our sommelier and our waiter's name.  This was not the case at Sinatra.   That being said, you should defiantly eat here, just don't expect the staff or the waiter to do anything extra for your special occasion.  With a restaurant based on a guy like Sinatra, I expected just a little more generosity.  However, I would like to congratulate Mr. Wynn for really capturing the true essence of the man, and for making a restaurant that I know Frankie would have been proud to put his name on.
5	Had a business dinner here. I'm kind of a picky eater, but the chicken mozarella was delicious! Very upscale but some of our party had nice jeans on so they don't seem particularly snobby about that. Interesting decor and atmosphere in this place. Big poster of Sinatra stares down on you as his laid back music plays. Had to buy a CD of his music after the dinner.
4	I brought my girl here for a nice meal out on the last night of her visit to Las Vegas. This place was perfect. The restaurant was nice and quiet with the smooth tones of Frank playing in the background. It's small compared to most Vegas restaurants, which is also nice. Also, the dining room is set back from the casino floor so you're not bothered by the loud noises of the enchanting Double Diamond Deluxe machines. Once again Encore makes a great statement with the decor and lighting. The orange tablecloths paired with the olive green, white, beige, and black throughout the restaurant make for a very interesting and surprisingly soothing environment.The service was excellent, my water glass never ran dry and the server made excellent suggestions for wine pairings with our meals. I had the chicken breast wrapped in prosciutto, which was amazing. She had the agnolotti ravioli. I had a bite and that one bite is still in my head as one of the most amazing things I have ever tasted in my life. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake, which I thought was a little small for the price, but very good nonetheless.
4	I enjoyed  this place.  My hubby and I dined here as our celebration dinner with our parents.  We had just got married!First impression was great as they had our table ready once we checked-in.  Menu had a nice selection of different pasta and meat entree options.   Service was excellent and they have a very friendly staff.  I definitely appreciated the soft Frank Sinatra music in the background, I found it very comforting and relaxing.I had their sausage penne which was superb.  My hubby ordered the lasagna and he finished it clean!A great choice if you're feeling for some italien.
4	Great setting that entertains your palate of  the Chairman of the Board. Make sure you try his drink with Black or Gentlemans Jack.Had a reservation at 7:15. Got there and went into bar. We asked to be seated so they gladly accomadated. Seated at 7:45. I thought this was more a steakhouse and was pleasently surprised. Mainly Italian with little pasta. For me I am in heaven. Had the chicken. Very good. Wife had steak and loved it, Enjoyed a couple bottles of wine. The recommendations were perfect.The Wynn family of entertainment did a good job with Sinatra. You will not go wrong.
4	I enjoyed this place, but I was not "wow"-ed. We didn't have reservations, so we walked in on a weeknight around 6:30pm. To start, we were served a basket of bread (some different loaves, bread sticks, and cheese crackers), along with butter with buds of basil (they tasted like that, anyway). They were just okay. I ordered chicken with mushrooms and gnocchi. The chicken was the most tender chicken I've probably ever had, but it was fairly bland.I tried the scallops with cauliflower puree and blood orange. The scallops were AMAZING! Seared on the outside, buttery on the inside, and perfectly flavored. The cauliflower puree was a pleasant surprise. It had the texture of mashed potatoes, but lighter with a gentle taste of cauliflower. My dad, who ordered the lobster risotto, said it was the most delicious risotto he's ever had. It came with large chunks of lobster on top, as would be expected for a $41 dish. All desserts are $12 and I tried the tiramisu as well as a pumpkin cake thing. The tiramisu -- which people seem to rave about -- was kind of watery. It was served in a big martini glass and the presentation was beautiful, but it tasted overly soggy. The pumpkin cake thing (I'm sure it has a fancy italian name I can't spell or pronounce) was average-tasting, but pretty to look at!The service was great! Our wine and water glasses never went below half-full, the hostess was extremely friendly, and our waitress was extremely attentive without being intrusive. Overall a pretty good experience, but considering the price of the meal, it wasn't outstanding.
4	Frank serenadinglasagna from Italya waiter with pride
2	Excuse my english if u can see some spelling or form mistakes, I'm Italian so......Nice atmosphere, good music...(Sinatra), nice golden globe...oscar... and emmys...... soon as u walk in the restaurant.... after that, what is the reason why u go to a $$$ restaurant?????? U expect GOOD food.... well, don't expect that! Way way...low were my expectations  and I know something about GOOD ITALIAN FOOD THE MANY HIGH END  RESTAURANTS. Btw.... portions.... they can be also a little more generous... as the choice in the menu...Sorry but I'll be probably back just for a drink at the bar and enjoy some good old fashion Franky's music.
4	This is the coolest place I haven't eaten.  I walked in, looked around - thought , "Wow .. this is very, very nice."  and .. "Hey, that's Sinatra's Oscar , right there.   Food looked great.   Very nice menu.   Decor - Shut up , already.   Anyone could feel cool in here.
5	What can I say . I'm a big Sinatra fan. My brother played sax with his songs I sang his songs in jazz choir back in college, and his music is so heavenly that a restaurant after him is so appropriate.    Good music and what else? Good food and even better to be in the Encore.   My partner works at the Wynn so we decided on a dinner after Valentines day to ease the congestion of the typical dinner on a Sunday. A Monday is good.   Appetizer: tuna was good half way though I realize it was missing something and I was staring at it; the spiced olive/pickle that was fanned out added the perfect punch to the relishy chopped mix.    Ossobuco: never had it before and Frank(partner)(yes how ironic the name), had it. What I expected; soft and tender.meaty great yummy sauce thicker than what I envisioned. The risotto a nice touch with it. Great dish but would be better with a more onion punch. I'm Asian born in Cali so I like strong flavor.    I had the Rombo ; read reviews about it . I had to try it for myself I loved it and savores every bite. A soft white fish with a buttersquash and the nuttyness of what I called truffle oil? I asked the waiter and he said yes it's in the dish. I loved it delicate, but exotic and just could not help, but the flavor kept making me smile. Try it I dare you guys can't help but smile when enjoying this dish.  We were full but our waiter nicely brought out tiramisu and said "just a taste" well it was good. Yummy a nice flavor not as soggy as other reviews say. Not too rich and not too light very good chocolate and cream was fantastic.   Yes I would cone back for a different appetizer, I would get my rombo again. And loved tiramisu but I like trying new things. Beautiful restaurant, nice furniture and view by the patio. We were once again the youngest ones there so don't  be fooled by age. We gave our waiter a 28% tip.
2	Overpriced, bland, typical food.  Not bad food, but typical.  But for the price, and the other options available, no reason to come here.  Sorry, Frank.The Oscar, Emmy, and Grammy was pretty cool, though...so maybe it get's 2.5 stars.
5	I dont understand the bad reviews for this place.  i loved it.   We started with their signature drink Smashed- scotch with fresh blackberries.  In fact, although we ordered a bottle of cab, we pounded  this and took the mostly unfinished bottle with us to the dice tables.  As usual we ordered many appetizers, including octopus affogato, meatballs, and lasagna, which were all pretty good.  We also had mini-raviolis with truffles, which were unbelievable.   I savored every mini one-by-one, slooowly.  The lobster risotto was the best i have ever had.  In fact we ordered another one when we finished the first one.  Make sure the waiter sprinkles the truffles on top.  I had the ossobuco for the main course.  The sauce was not too strong, but the meat was very tender.Great service, so we left a 20% tip.  Dinner for 2 came to $1070.00 (wine was a bit over-priced at $380).  Oh and they are pretty strict about the the dress code which is business casual(Wynn is about the only casino with a dress code).
2	The place is a bit unassuming in terms of the room, simple, light colors and large pics of Sinatra and his cohorts. Service is solid, portions are decent but up sells on small items, like a "side" of a 1/2 cup soggy spaghetti in meat sauce for $10 was silly, and mediocre at best. Like most places in Vegas these days they are not providing what you'd expect for the money. Passable, but not worth a special visit by any means. Perhaps I'm spoiled by the abundance of good, reasonably priced restaurants here in AZ. See my review of Aiellos in Phoenix - that was what I expected here - but did not get.
4	If you are thinking "Let's Get Away From It All" in busy crowded Vegas or simply "What Now My Love", Sinatra is the place. It was a night of class worthy of Mr. S. Sinatra is tucked into the last little corner of Encore. In fact on our last Vegas trip we simply happened upon it while walking through the casino.  As you enter the restaurant classic photos line the wall to greet you and a case holding some of his most prestigious awards mirrors the host's podium. We were seated at an elegant corner booth, serenaded by Mr. S.We started with a cocktail, I had a light and sweet Bellini, Jacob his normal Knob Creek on the rocks. We began dinner with a caprese salad, the variety of tomatoes were sweet and flavorful especially for February.  The buffalo mozzarella was creamy and incredibly fresh, it was a perfect beginning. For our entrees I had the lobster chanterelle mushroom risotto, so earthy, delicate, and creamy. The lobster was rich and succulent. Jacob had the classic Italian Lasagna Bolognese, with hand made pasta sheets and a veal, pork and beef Bolognese sauce. Everything tasted incredible and the quality was phenomenal. Finally for dessert we choose the Torta di Ricotta, a cannoli flavored cheesecake with a side of pistachio gelato, a perfect light ending to our elegant meal. I definitely have "High Hopes" for out next visit to Sinatra.
2	I'm not easily bored with food, so i find it really offensive when I was here and the meal was not exciting. From decoration to menu, it was all a snore.I dont usually use how busy a dining floor is to judge how good a restaurant is, but when we were here, the place was completely empty, so i'm positive I wasnt the only person that was bored with this place.
5	Amazing!!!!!This restaraunt is the best in terms of decor, food, customer service, everything! If you have some cash to spend, or some comp's from gambling, definitely eat here!
5	Great place and the food are well seasoned. Definitely well worth the price and the wait. Try the fettucine Alfredo appetizer. It has a cream truffle Alfredo sauce and the waiter will personally shave fresh truffle right on top of it right in front of you. Excellence at it's best.
5	This is a ridiculously beautiful restauraunt with impeccable service to match. It is located in a little corner of the Encore, away from the madness of the Casino floor. You definitely want to dress nice (don't even think about Jeans guys!), but they do not require a jacket. The interior has a sort of Mad Men 50's feel with many modern touches, especially in the ceiling and chandelier fixtures. The napkins are so nice you almost feel bad wiping your hands on them. The staff is probably the most professional service staff I have ever been serviced by. This was not just a unique trait of Sinatra, but of the entire Wynn and Encore hotel complex.Sinatra music pumps softly through the speakers, a good mix of his tunes and adds to the atmosphere. The restaurant has a beautiful outdoor area with a fireplace and a garden.This was a birthday dinner for me and they had little touches waiting for me such a hand-written birthday card, free birthday cookies on a plate that said "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate.Don't worry, the waiters won't come out wearing sombreros singing happy birthday or anything.The restauraunt offered a 3 course prix fixe menu from 5:30-6:30 that we took advantage of, the value was fantastic compared to the standard menu prices ($40-50 entrees are the norm). Chef Theo Schoenegger makes amazingly delicious dishes. I don't know where the kitchen finds their mushrooms, but the mushroom risotto was spectacular, as was the chicken marsala. The deserts of Tiramasu and Gelato were really really good. The chocolate gelato was one of the most delicious examples of chocolate I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing.Overall, this was a stellar dining experience and an extremely memorable and happy Birthday dinner. This is an italian restauraunt not be missed in Vegas.
5	I really, really liked this place. We almost opted to go to Switch, but due to reviews, decided on Sinatra.The decor is beautiful, with comfy couches to eat on, giant mirrors on the walls, a green and black theme, with huge chandelier type lights that hang from the ceiling. Very cool place, very classy.As for the food.. we started out with a bottle of Joseph Phelps Cabernet Sauvignon. It was one of the best red wines I've ever tasted.For dinner I got the Pennette, which is Italian sausage ragu, bell peppers, tomato and fresh basil. It may have been the best italian dish I've ever put in my mouth, and I love me some Italian. I want to figure out how to make it now.I can't remember what my boyfriend got other than it was a meat dish, and he tried marrow for the first time and loved it.As for dressiness, you should probably wear nice shoes and no jeans. Jackets aren't required.The experience was excellent, service was excellent, and at one point, some guy doing card tricks was walking around. Overall, very cool place with excellent food.
3	First off theres nothing wrong with this place. The decor is awesome, the place was bustling and the food was good. The place just gave me now WOW factor. I love Frank Sinatra and loved the theme, but the food alone would have me choosing a lot of other places in Las Vegas over here.
3	Maitre D should NOT say that the dress code is business casual. We asked for clarification, since everyone's version of business casual is different.Showed up decent, but drastically underdressed compared to the rest of the patrons, who were very dressy. Scallops were DELICIOUS. I have never had better. Menu pretty pricey, in my opinion.I did not picture this kind of "Italian" menu at a place called Sinatra's.
5	My husband and I ate here the last night we were in Vegas and planned on it being one of our "splurge" dinners. It was definitely on the expensive side but worth every penny. I wore a dress and my husband wore a suit to honor Frank by being dapper. Overall, people were dressed quite nice although he was the only one with a suit jacket on. Just don't wear short and sandals (duh!). I thought the restaurant was gorgeous! It was dramatic without being too overly done up like other parts of Encore and Wynn. The chairs were comfortable and we had a nice view. And of course the music was great. :-) Our waiter was amazing and there was a sommelier on hand. We started with a special appetizer of fettuccine in truffle butter sauce with a huge serving of fresh shaved black truffle on top. It was like a little bit of heaven in my mouth. I had agnolotti (ricotta filled pasta) with spinach sauce which was lovely. But the real star of the show was my husband's tagliata (rib-eye). It was the best steak of the week (and we had many steaks at many steak places). My dinner was really good, but his was amazing. I would definitely recommend Sinatra and I would recommend the rib eye!
4	Superb food, great service, and beautiful decor. Bonus points for the prix fixe menu before 6:30 -- $60 for three courses plus a glass of wine. Minus one star because it's definitely overpriced.
5	Sinatra is truly in a class all its own. Nestled in yet another hospitality monstrosity on the Las Vegas Strip (Encore/Wynn), this restaurant is well worth visiting. Everything about the experience was first class. From the greeting and seating by the manager, to the sommelier, to the to-die-for food, and our favorite bottle of Domaine Ott Rose (they only had one bottle left...and we shared a bit with our server), we've been dreaming about this place since we left. The polenta sticks were crispy outside and creamy inside, and the meat sauce accompanying them put food I've had in Italy to shame. The second pasta dish we chose was a special that evening of tagliatelle with brown butter and black truffles that were shaved over the dish in front of us. I swear, the poor dog or hog that had to sniff out this truffle would have been dejected had he seen how much we were given.Again, the strip is over-saturated with chains and mediocrity as we all know, but Sinatra was a complete departure from either. Romantic, classy, and well-executed...that is the Sinatra experience. We'll see you in two weeks!
3	Food was a 4, Service a 3, Overall 3.5The food was very good. It wasn't the best I have ever had but the food was very good except the octopus affogato. This appetizer was way way to salty. The crab cake was delish as was the osso bucco and the bone in rib eye. The only thing that really brought the meal down was the service. I had to ask what the specials were and if I could have a menu, blah blah blah. Bottom line: I would go back but I would just go in expecting a little less than I did before.
1	Oh MY God! This was the worst food I've ever had. Instead of the chicken parmigiana being the hearty, home-style Italian cooking it should have been, it was just one very large piece of greasy, fried I don't know what with a side of what might as well have been tomato paste. I'm pretty sure the Chef lied on his resume and that his previous experience was actually at Kentucky Fried Chicken or Disneyland. My dad had the lasagna and he might as well have stayed home and heated up the Lean Cuisine brand in the microwave. The server couldn't offer a smile once the entire time - and he made it clear he was there only to flip our table and move on. Actually, his personality matched the food perfectly - completely unenticing. The only positive thing I can offer is that the interior design is brilliant. An hour and $500 later for 3 PEOPLE, I think I've made my point that this place is god awful. I know Frank would agree, the best is YET to come ;)
4	Is it not the same due to new staff?  Sinatra's always been 5-star worthy the many times we've been before; always somehow getting the same server and bartender in the bar.  This time brought us a new waiter and bartender which we didn't think twice about until our waiter got worried our food was taking too long for some reason and told us so on two different passes by our table.  We weren't worried, quality takes time, but he was and told us he asked the chef to hurry up.  Big mistake, because the $46 lobster risotto we love so much came to us way undercooked.  I was picking risotto from my teeth all night.  All else was great, but I'm a little worried that the staff changes might be a trend downward.  Four stars for past perfect experiences.
5	Had the best meal at Sinatra.  Service was outstanding and food was amazing. Had the bone in rib eye that you could of cut with a butter knife and had this appitizer that was tomotoes, cukes, and croutons with lobster on top.  Out of this world.  The place is decorated as if Frank did it himself.  My wife said if this was her last meal, she would have been satisfied.If you go to the Wynn/Encore-Sinatra's is a must!!
5	Absolutely outstanding on all accounts!  Great wine selection, great food, great service, and of course great background music!  I couldn't have asked for more and will gladly return again, and again, and again...
4	Sinatra is beautiful, elegant and deserving of the great mans name...but even a stop by fro Chef Theo can't let me give it 5 stars.Caprese - Where is my balsamic? A few drops do not cut it but the side order was brought upon request...Where is my basil...the art of chiffonade seems lost here, small basil petals really...with almost no flavor...hmmm. Mozarella and freshness of the tomatoes are nevertheless not to be questioned.Melanese - Oh baby bring it on. While I would have preferred to see the real true "Veal Chop" on the menu, this did not disappoint. Just plain sublime.Desert - A selection was brought for us and did not disappoint. Outrageous would be a good word.So in closing not much to knock, everyone enjoyed their meal and the service was impeccable. A little extra work at the beginning, slightly larger menu selection (add a Veal Chop please) and I'll be hard pressed not to give it 5 stars next time around...Trust me there will be a next time :)PS. Our table was too big for 5 people and it made conversation a little strained...
3	I give this place only three stars because of the value.  I guess I should realize that eating in a hotel costs more than eating at a nice restaurant off the Strip but this place was not worth it.  I had the lasagna and it was good and all but I would never pay $30 for it.  I would rather eat at a fine restaurant off the strip.  If you want good food though I cannot complain.
5	What an elegant dining experience at Sinatra. I had read prior reviews from fellow yelpers and I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but I am very glad that we ended up dining here. We started off with the Polpettine which consists of meatballs and polenta fries. The meatballs were so yummy and the marinara sauce that came with them was absolutely delicious. The polenta fries were crispy on the outside and so creamy on the inside. The polenta complimented the meatballs perfectly. I chose the Risotto with main lobster and the husband opted for the Lasagna Bolognese. Both of the dishes were delicious and very flavorful. Sinatra is definitely a classy joint - so glad that we got to experience it :)
4	What to order:MeatballsOssobuccoVeal MilaneseTiramisu
5	From the ambience to the food to the service... everything was excellent.  We had a slight wait for our table, but that is sometimes unavoidable, so we sat at the bar and had a drink.  The service was spot on, the food was delicious, we both had the lobster risotto, which was incredible.
4	Got together with some good friends for dinner here. Great cocktails and wine selection and good food. We had a great time and the staff was gracious enough to let us take our time catching up with each other.
4	Yum. This place is fantastic. It's at Encore, so I guess it's a no-brainer that it would be.The Osso Bucco is a must here. The meat just falls off the bone and the marrow is pure goodness. My guy committed a mortal sin in my book here. He ordered his lamb well-done (horror or horrors). I begged him not to, but he insisted. Well, you know the place is good if they were able to prepare well-done lamb and still make it moist and juicy. I was quite impressed.At the end of the meal, they mistakenly delivered us a birthday dessert with a candle in it and walked away too quickly for me to argue with them. Without thinking I blew out the candle, but then I guess the waiter realized his mistake and came back to retrieve the dessert. He apologized and walked away with it. I would think they would just leave it with us, since they certainly couldn't serve a cake that I'd already breathed on to someone else... Oh well, lol.Definitely worth a trip.  I'll be back for the meatballs next time.
5	On my first night in Vegas in April, I chose to start my trip off with Italian. When I came into the entrance of Sinatra, of course i checked out his Grammy, his Emmy and his Oscar in the glass cases and all of the old time pictures of him and Mr. Wynn and the Rat Pack. When I first checked in for my table, it was ready and the hostess showed me the way. Now, for a guy like me, from a small town no one has ever heard of in the Mid-West, this next moment impressed me so much and re-assured me that this was going to be an exceptional dinner. My waiter for the evening, came up to me at my table, and said, "Good Evening Mr. Bedtka. how are you doing tonight?" That blew my mind, first that he pronounced my name correctly, but that that kind of service exists that they take the time to greet you like that. After my drink order, I looked over the menu, and found the meatballs and polenta fries. Absolutely the best meatballs i have had and the fries were light, warm and airy. For my entree, i selected the Ossobuco "My Way". Love the title for this dish, probably my favorite Sinatra song lol. It was so tender that put my knife back down and only used my fork for the whole dish. The risotto was cooked perfectly, so creamy and flavorful. The decor, created by Roger Thomas, is so beautiful and full of Sinatra portraits. It's my new Italian restaurant that I will frequent with my trips to Vegas.
5	When my boyfriend and I went to Vegas over the Halloween weekend, enjoying one of Steve Wynn's new vegan meals was a definite MUST. All weekend I looked forward to it and when I called to make reservations the operator was very patient and help me pick a good restaurant. Italian, mid-ranged prices, named after one of the best singer's ever. Yes, thank you, resrevation for two! While the decor was a bit more casual than I would expect for an Italian restaurant, I enjoyed the atmosphere and all the Sinatra memorabilia covering the walls. Now onto the food...We got both the vegan version of the beet salad (ie sans cheese) and the  heirloom tomato salad. Tomato salad was ok, very delicious ingredients with lots of flavor but the simplicity of this dish was put to shame but the flavor explosion that was the beet salad. Good Lord! You MUST get the beet salad, absolutely delicious, it was so special with the pieces of citrus and what a beautiful presentation! The bf is not vegan but he said his vegetarian ravioli with asparagus creme melted in his mouth. I imagine they must make it on-site. Now I had eaten some "vegan rissotto" at Sensi at the Bellagio just 2 days before and it was sadly one of the worst meals I have ever had. Severely undercooked and bland bland bland! The mushroom risotto at Sinatra however, was bursting with flavor, creamy, and chock full of exotic mushrooms in every single bite. I like to savor my food and save the best for last but it soon became clear that this risotto had plenty of yummy mushrooms to go around. Literally several per bite. I Seriously, they do not skimp! They also had homemade fruit sorbets that were like a punch of tart, vibrant flavor in every bite. SOOO amazing! Also, the service was impeccable and so attentive. When a (for lack of better term) busboy saw me stand up and turn towards the right (the entrance was to the left), he stopped what he was doing and walked over to the door that leads out to the hallway with the restrooms, and waited for me to walk over and opened the door for me. One of the best meals and best dining experiences I've ever had. I will definitely be back every time I'm in Vegas to explore more of Steve Wynn's delicious vegan options!
3	Sitting here and humming to my favorite to Sinatra tunes, appreciative of  David our waiter's world class service; soaking in the gorgeous chandeliers and beautiful art deco furniture, I found myself wishing my food was tastier to match the rest of this ol blue eyes inspired restaurant.  The Osso Bucco could've been a little more tenderer . The lamp chops were flavorful and moist; but the green bean sides tasted of burnt olive oil. Unaged ribeye that lacked flavor.  Truffle foie grois raviolis where the handmade pasta tasted pasty.  Small kitchen misses that ruined what could've been a more perfect dining experience.   In a town  with world class kitchens, the food tasted sadly, mediocre...maybe it was a bad night for the kitchen!
4	Every time I visit Vegas, I stay at Wynn/Encore. And every time I stay at Encore, I eat at Sinatra! I really love the atmosphere in the restaurant and adore the Sinatra pictures (I've taken pictures with many of them!) Their menu is not very extensive but the food is of top quality. Save room for dessert and order the Tiramisu!
5	Sinatra at Encore has to be one of my favorite Vegas restaurants. Classy and sophisticated with solid eats. We were defiantly the youngest people in the restaurant, but it wasn't hard to see why. It has an elegant atmosphere, and in a city that never sleeps, it is much appreciated. I ordered the New York strip steak with cipollini onions. It was perfection! Cooked just like I asked, and oozing with flavor. Sinatra was the perfect pre-show dining experience.
5	Definitely 5 stars. My review here is of the vegan menu at Sinatra. However, I should note that many dishes on the vegan menu are also found on the regular menu with slight alterations so I'm assuming taste and quality wise, we're all on the same page. When Chef Theo Schoenegger was given the task of creating a vegan menu, he didn't choose to treat that as a chore and create a menu chock full of salads and dishes a 2 year old could whip up. He obviously rose to the challenge and created a passionate menu with hearty vegan dishes. As a vegetarian, I avoid vegan entrees at Italian restaurants as I'm not a fan of vegan cheese and cream-less soups/pastas. Sinatra really wowed me with what they created within these boundaries. The vegan menu here is astonishing. There are 3 starters (a Caesar salad, a beet salad and a butternut squash soup). 2 pasta dishes and 3 main courses and 3 desserts. Some dishes use Gardein protein. We ordered the soup to share. A smooth, creamy (?) soup with a kick in it. Marinating in the soup were vegan ricotta cheese dumplings. Neither me nor my husband are fans of butternut squash but this soup hit the ball out of the park. For our second course (yes we did the Italian thing and had pasta and a main), we each ordered a pasta dish. My husband ordered the vegan ricotta cheese dumplings in an asparagus cream sauce. Divine. I didn't even realize the cheese was vegan. The asparagus cream sauce was light yet robust in flavors and when scooped up with the dumpling, it was the perfect explosion in my mouth. I ordered the Pennette. This is also on the regular menu. Tomato sauce and penne mixed with sweet peppers onions and Gardien Sausage. Yes....talk about comfort in a bowl. The generous helping was delicious and was definitely what I expected (if not better!). For our main, we shared a "Chicken" Marsala. A Gardein chicken breast that was baked and spiced was the main attraction on the plate. On top of it was a creamy, woody, mushroom (oyster) sauce that covered the chicken. Surrounding the "chicken" were billowy gnocchi that were smooth, simple and complemented the bold flavors of the sauce and chicken. Considering I've never had the opportunity to have a Marsala sauce since it's usually served with chicken, I take this first taste as being an exquisite experience. For the finale to the meal, we shared a Campari and citrus sorbet. Presented beautifully, it was a light ending to a perfect meal.I don't really have to elaborate much about the ambiance and the service. This is the Encore and there was perfection executed all over. My favorite Italian experience thus far, has been at Aranciata Blu in Rome. Sinatra came so close to that experience that it was scary. I never thought I could enjoy such an ethereal experience just 20 minutes away from home.  Vegan, vegetarian, carnivore, omnivore or whatever palate you have, Sinatra is a well worth-it experience. Oh, and the wine list here is also very impressive. Sinatra...keep yourself Just The Way You Are....
5	Went for dinner on Valentine's Day and the experience was wonderful.  I loved the decor and the food and service was outstanding.  Our server brought over two books of Frank, one was given to her by the family which made it even more special.  The Clams appetizer was not only made perfectly but the flavor was so light and tasty that i couldn't get enough.  The Oso Buco was so tender and my wife's veal was moist and tender.  A memorable experience.
5	Stayed and played at Encore for 3 days...Ate at all their top restaurants and SInatra's was by far the best...Had a caesar salad,  ossobuco, tiamisu, and panna cotta...Great ending to our stay!
4	Food was delicious!  Atmosphere was nice, definitely a great tribute for the one and only Mr. Frank Sinatra!  This place is definitely a must if you're a fan of his.I would've probably rated this place a 4.5 if that option was available.  Only reason for the 1/2 point is because the pricing there was a little steep for the amount of food you get.  Although, even for the small portions, my family and I were still not able to finish it all.  Leftovers were delicious the 2nd day though! I definitely do recommend saving room for their dessert.  Had probably one of the best tiramisu's I've ever had in my entire life, and definitely the best gellato ever!  I think hazlenut flavor was my favorite, but they're all amazingly good.  The flavors were powerful and busted inside the mouth with every bite.  Pricing for desserts seemed fair for the type of restaurant this was.Service was excellent.  We had a waitress with a bubbly personality (but I didn't catch her name).  She was extremely friendly, had a great sense of humor, and checked in with us frequently without being annoying about it.Overall, great place for special occasions.  Will definitely eat here again.
2	After reading several amazing reviews, I chose this for my 30th Birthday dinner with my friends in Vegas. We were extremely disappointed. The service was not up to par with the fabulous Wynn name. I had to ask for things to be removed from the table etc. The ambiance is quite nice but bland.. I expected something a little more nostalgic about Sinatra. After all that's where we were. I must say the bathrooms were fabulous. The food was the biggest disappointment. The carpacio was lacking in flavor and needed salt. The absolute worst entrees are the Osso buccu, that was extremely fatty and had virtually zero sauce to accent it. The risotto was ok. The sea bass was also just as bad,, It all lacked flavor. Please avoid this restaurant, unless your up for bland food, mediocre service and generic entrees. The best part of the meal was when a magician appeared at our table with some amazing tricks, it saved the evening!
3	Nice place created by Steve Wynn for his old friend Franky boy.  This is a nice Italian place in the Encore casino. Friendly service and portions large enough to share, had the chicken parm. a have to say it was baked to cheesy perfection.  Atmosphere inside was nice, but patio looked better.  Price was average for the casino. Cons for me were a limited menu and the seating inside was very crowded kinda like a cafeteria.  Great place, but I expected a bit more.
3	We had dinner at Sinatra on 4-1-11.  The ambiance is gorgeous...sumptuous, amazing decor.  5 Stars for the ambiance.Service was very good.  4 Stars for the service.Food was okay but not great.  I had a NA version of the "Sinatra Smash" cocktail and it was delicious.  We started with a terrific Caesar salad.  I had sea bass which was light and cooked nicely but lacked flavor.  My husband had chicken marsala.  There was virtually no marsala sauce, just some mushrooms and a thick chicken breast.  The marsala was missing!   Husband ordered some spaghetti with marinara on the side which was good - nicely done marinara.   Tiramisu was excellent.  Overall, 3 Stars for the food.The menu is rather small and pricey, so check it out on the web before you go and make sure it is what you are looking for.
5	Sinatra was amazing. The decor was awesome, the feel was awesome, and hearing Frank overhead was amazing. I had the chicken parm which was superb. I also had a drink called the Sinatra smash. I enjoyed it but it was a little sweet for my tastes. My gf had the butternut squash soup which she said was amazing as well. The dinner was pricey coming in at $90 for a meal an app and two drinks, but the feeling made it all worth it. If u can afford it then it is a must.
5	Everything was fantastic from the decor to the service to the food to, yes, even the bathroom. It will cost you a pretty penny but if you are looking for a fine dining experience it is worth it. I was impressed with their vegan options (including dessert!) and my dining partner enjoyed her meaty cheesy meal. Extensive wine list as well. Wow!!!
5	We were at Picasso at the Bellagio the night before.  We enjoyed our dinner at Sinatra even more than the highly rated Picasso.You feel the energy and vibe from the minute you walk in.  Great decor and music playing in the background.  We loved our table for two by the window.The prosciutto and melon appetizer was great.  So much prosciutto I asked for a couple more slices of melon to finish it all.I had the lobster risotto and my friend had the osso buco.  Both were outstanding although I thought the osso buco could have been a little larger and meatier for the price.Dessert was an awesome tiramisu.Our server, Lawrence, was amazing.I can't imagine coming back to Las Vegas and not dining at Sinatra again.
3	Nice restaurant with better than mediocre food but not amazing. My dad had the veal parmigiana which I thought was bland and tasted like it had been breaded with shake n'bake breadcrumbs. It was huge but lacked flavor. My food was very good and the best part of the meal. I had the mozzarella and tomato salad which was made with burrata and I thought it was very good. The Frank's clams were very good as well and coated in a flavorful tomato sauce. My husbands steak was overcooked and didn't taste at all like filet mignon. It's a decent place but there are a whole lot of better options in Vegas.
5	"DAMN!!!"  I said that 3 times while there...once (in a good way) when I tasted the food.  Once (also in a good way) when I saw the bathrooms (haha, they've got some nice bathrooms in there).  And the third time (in a bad, but appreciative way) when we got the check.Was it expensive? HELL YESWas it worth every penny? HELL YESWill I go back? Certainly, after I gather a few more paychecks.I had the Polpettine appetizer (meatballs with polenta fries).  It was 4 tiny meatballs that were ok.  Save your money and don't order this one!Ordered the Ossobuco "My Way" which is the house specialty.  It is a braised veal served with risotto.  This was AMAZING!!!Ordered something for dessert.  Don't remember what it was.  It was pretty good, from what I remember.But the Ossobuco totally stole the show and overshadowed everything else about the meal.The bill for 6 of us was well over $600, so it ain't cheap.Service was exceptional.Reservations are recommended.  There is a dress code.  The place is a very classy, so please don't throw on your Ed Hardy dragon t-shirt and your way too tight True Religion jeans and think you'll be ok.  You will definitely stick out like a sore douche.  Slacks and a button down collared shirt is good enough.
4	This restaurant definitely has a great vibe, very swanky and classy.  I love the Frank Sinatra tunes, decor, and movies playing in the background.  The food is good, but I think it is overpriced for what you get.  You are definitely paying for the atmosphere, which is great so makes it worth it.  They have a very nice bar area so if you don't want to splurge on dinner go have a drink or two at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere and all of the good-looking people coming in and out.
5	We do very very few five star reviews. Everything -- service/food/atmosphere--has to be spot-on perfect.  And this particular evening at Sinatra was just that. "To me, this is magic," said my Dad, a rabid Sinatra fan, who requested we dine here for a special dinner during his visit this weekend. He loves good food but isn't really a foodie per se, so we don't do many fine dining meals when it's just him and Mom isn't with us. So, I confess  -- although I love Wynn and Encore-- I was a tiny bit skeptical about his choice since we hadn't planned on a really elaborate dinner during this visit. Although I'd met the chef -- the brilliant and charming Theo Schoenegger -- and knew he was extraordinary I was concerned the menu items might a bit rich and heavy for my current palate/diet. I was also concerned it would be crazy expensive, and Dad insisted on treating.  I'm thrilled to report I was dead wrong! We had an amazing evening and ordered from the special summer menu (3 courses for $69) We even found a fabulous bottle of wine for under $40 - which was a pleasant surprise. (Loved Drew, the wine manager!) Dina, our server, has been there since the restaurant opened and she made our dining experience incredibly enjoyable - perfectly paced. She was very accommodating to a couple of special requests I had, such as ordering sauces/dressings on the side for my fish and salad. The bread basket was a standout.  I rarely do bread, but the cheese breadsticks were particularly amazing. Dad opted for the Osso Bucco, a caprese salad and panna cotta with fruit for his dessert. He said the veal was the best he's ever had. Husband ordered a filet, a crab appetizer salad and tiramasu for dessert. All outstanding. He's not even a mashed potato fan but loved the potatoes served with his steak. I had the fish special with asparagus, sauce on the side, and a salad appetizer. All awesome. For dessert I opted for the coconut sorbet with fruit from the vegan menu. The atmosphere is incredible and special props to the resort's design team, too. (Roger Thomas is brilliant - I'm assuming he was involved!) The restaurant is beautifully designed with comfortable chairs and stunning color combinations, along with high ceilings.  The temperature inside the restaurant is perfect! I wore a sleeveless dress and was comfortable throughout our meal -- and I'm often freezing. And the Frank Sinatra music playing throughout the evening was a lovely treat. Just the right volume.  Also - there's a lovely restroom immediately outside the restaurant. (I'm far from lazy but can't stand going to a nice restaurant and having to venture far into the casino to find the ladies room)  Our busser, Jorge, was delightful, too.  On our way to the restaurant I called with a question about parking -- I wanted to self park and wanted to park somewhat close so I didn't have to walk too far in my ridiculously high heels. I was wowed that one of the hotel operators checked with the restaurant to get my number and made a special effort to call me back and advised me on where to park.  That's Wynn/Encore caliber service.
4	After much contemplation, I've decided my favorite thing about Sinatra is the dragonfly embroidery on the linens.My second favorite thing: the lamb chops. Delicious.My third favorite thing: The decor. Don't miss the beautiful beaded sailboat above the bar when you enter.The only reason this isn't a 5-star review is because I thought the bread basket was unremarkable, the service was very good but not necessarily great, and that the 30-minute wait for our reservation was unfortunate.Still... 4, maybe 4.5 stars. Great date night place with the prices to match. (Pastas around $25-$30 and entrees around $50.)
5	I left a review for the Wynn overall but HAD to come and leave a review just for this restaurant. While the price tag doesn't always make it possible, I'm a total foodie in the making and my experience at Sinatra's was fantastic! The service was impeccable and accommodating and the lobster risotto was so perfectly prepared that I nearly lamented having it my first night away because everything else I ever ate between there, California, and back in New York has paled in comparison (and I've tried three other lobster risottos at various restaurants!).My father had the lasagna and all but inhaled it whereas we all split some appetizers. I fully recommend loosening the hold on your wallet so that you can loosen your belt when your stomach is thanking you!Plus, the ambiance (as a fan of ol' Blue Eyes) is totally worth it alone! Shame on you Sinatra's for spoiling me, and I mean that in the most loving and grateful way possible.
3	I was pretty excited to check out Sinatra as I heard it was one of the best places on the strip to eat. The atmosphere was pretty neat. Very upbeat and fun. We knew going in that it would be somewhat expensive and I think between my girlfriend and I our check was about 135 with dessert.  We were in a group of 12 or so, and maybe that added to our time while waiting for food but it took about 40 minutes for our food to come out.  My other issue was its very hard not to leave hungry.  I got the chicken parmigiana which was pretty good. (Seriously, why the hell do I order an entree I can get at Chili's for 10 bucks when they have better things on the menu? I have no idea.) But Sinatra's portion was very small.  We had to go eat less than 2 hours later because we were still hungry. If you have the time and aren't terribly hungry, Sinatra is probably worth a try.
2	Thumbs down! Our server was professional and to the point. Food was disappointing other than the Lasagna. The signature dish, Osso Bucco was tasteless, dry and bland. Pork dish was really sad and not even close to what it should be. Three members of our party had medium stage food poisoning. (including myself) The common denominator was the $18.00 tomato and Mozzarella salad. With so many great restaurants in Vegas you really don't need to hit Sinatra's.
4	This place was really good.  Celebrated a friends birthday dinner while on vacation in Vegas here.  They ambiance and decorations are very pretty.  The cocktails are good and they have an extensive wine list.My friend (whose birthday it was) is vegan.  They even have a special extensive vegan menu.  I ordered the tomato salad.  It had heirloom tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and bread coated and cooked goat cheese balls to garnish.  (i love goat cheese).  My main course was a chicken with mushrooms and sauce.  They even had 4 kinds of bread that they brought including some delicious cheese crisps with herbs.  For dessert we had sorbet (several flavors and also vegan).  I am not vegan at all and I didn't even notice a difference. Sinatra is a bit pricey but it was definitely worth it.  Everything I ordered was cooked perfectly and the service was very good as well.
1	I'm very disappointed. Let me tell you why...I went to Sinatra early with my friend. We came 15 minutes early. The hostess was out. We talked to her, inquiring when the restaurant would open. It was very clear that we had intentions of dining there. She gave what appeared to be a very fake looking smile. In case, you are wondering, this is the smile where you purse your lips together and pinch your nose at the same time.  I thought it was my imagination-- at first.  My friend and I both had reservations at Sinatra. We were there on time and looking at the menu. We noticed at the bottom of the really expensively priced menu that there was a note saying that business casual attire was needed.  Well, since the hostess didn't say anything to us we thought that what we were wearing would be ok.When the restaurant officially opened at 5:30pm, the hostess took down the red rope and let us in. There was a small crowd. There was some guy in a polo shirt with his wife, who happened to be in an evening gown. (I didn't know that qualifies as business casual? Unless his wife is a cocktail waitress...)   The hostess let that pair in first. When it got to our turn, she told us to please step aside and into the lounge area. This was basically seats next next to the bar, on what were ornamental aka not weight bearing chairs. We sat in these uncomfortable show-pieces. The hostess indicated that she just needed to 'check on something with the computer'. (OK.) The bar guy offered us expensive drinks. (No.)  Then, she proceeded to congregate 4 managers. Yes, four managers at the podium.  They whispered freverently for like 5-10 minutes. The male one nodded his head while staring at us.  Then, they sent over a different female manager over to talk to us.I know the female manager was just trying to do her job, but seriously tact training is required. She came over to us and said that she was sorry but "athletic apparel is not allowed in the restaurant."  But "if you would like to stay, you can eat in the lounge area? We can serve you the regular food out here."  (UM. Yeah, right, $100 dollars to be fed pasta on a wobbly table made of glitter & paste. While being treated as second hand citizens-- when polo shirt boy got in?)I'm sorry but you could have just told us about the attire policy, when we asked about eating there. Instead of congregating 4 managers, making a show of things, and then treating us so condesendingly. She then offered 'suggestions for other places we could eat' at the Wynn.  This was like the final blow! After that, my friend and I politely declined and left.  It soured our taste for spending money in such an uppity place.  After that, I vowed to come on Yelp and warn other foodies!  Seriously, there are much better places all around. Service is half the price you pay for.
5	Absolutely phenomenal establishment. All seven of us were extremely impressed by both the food and service. I got the special (filet with vegetables) and it was the 2nd or 3rd best piece of beef I've ever had. Another had lamb and claimed it was spectacular. The bread and butter were even extraordinary. Wine list was impressive. Only thing is Sinatra theme really wasn't that strong, just a couple of pictures on the walls really.Business casual dress, although some in other parties wore jeans with nice shirts.I'd sell my children for medical experiments to eat here again.
1	while the food was okay (good - but not worth the price), but the service was absolutely terrible.  maybe it was just a bad waiter... but this guy should never have been let on the floor.   the environment was just okay -- nothing really special.  save your money and go anywhere else
5	Overall outstanding experience. Went after our daughter's wedding and our party of 11 was treated royally.  Everyone enjoyed their dinners and it enhanced the occasion.Ossobuco, veal, and the beef special were all delicious.  Others in the party enjoyed the clams and gnocchi.  We managed to save room to share deserts and they all met expectations.  I'd highly recommend Sinatra for special occassions.  We were formally dressed and suggest that if you intend to partronize a restaurant of this caliber (even in Vegas) that you be at least business canual or above so as not to detract from the atmosphere.  So for the reviewer G.C. who were in "sports attire", I'd say they should have either sat by the bar or changed clothes!
2	My first visit to Sinatra earlier this year was great and merited 4 stars. Unfortunately, my last visit was not as good.The food was actually the same: great but not the best I've ever had. What changed was the service. On my last visit it was reasonably attentive, despite the fact that I was dining in a large group. When I returned, everything seemed fine until we placed our order. The waiter brought my wine, and then disappeared. We literally did not see, speak to or hear from him again for the rest of our visit.That meant that when my glass needed refilling, busboys had to be flagged down. When our dishes came and no parmesan cheese was offered, busboys had to be flagged down again. No one came by to ask us how our dishes were and if we needed anything else. When we wanted dessert and the check? A manager came and apologized to us, gave us our check (no comps offered, if you're wondering), then went on her merry way.Yep - even after we complained about being totally and completely ignored, the waiter never returned to apologize or explain. Guess it's Spago for my next Vegas outing instead.
4	Great experience and food was delicious...If anyone in your party is a fan of Frank this a great atmosphere and solid Italian food for Vegas or NY. The decor of the restaurant reminds me of a four seasons lobby with life size artwork of Frank and some keepsakes like grammys housed at the front of the restaurant.The service was nice...I ordered onion soup and the chicken parmigiana and it was the best I've had around town.My party were all smiles and ready to hit the tables after an amazing meal.
5	This might be one of the best overall restaurants in Vegas. It's comfortable and has great music playing (mostly Sinatra duh). Appetizers, get the meatballs. They are small little things, and you get 5-6 of them. Any of the main dishes are good. I'm pretty convinced that you can't get a bad dinner here. They have the best chocolate lava cake Taft I've ever had, but it's very small. Like Oreo cookie size small. The ricotta cheesecake is my favorite on the menu. On a side note, Sinatra's award are on display in front the of the restaurant.
4	I recently ate at Sinatra with some folks and had quite an enjoyable time.After waiting about 15 minutes or so for their table, we were seated in their beautiful dining room at one of their large round tables.  People weren't particularly hungry, so we did not over do it by ordering starters and sides.  I started with an excellent caesar's salad.  There wasn't anything unusual about this dish, but that's the way it should be when you order a caesar's salad.  For my main, I went with their Osso bucco.  Again, it seemed like a pretty standard preparation of this dish, but it was expertly done.  All in all, my experience was very good here.  There was nothing inventive or provocative going on here, so if you want classic Italian dishes well executed, Sinatra is the place.  I would expect nothing less from a place with such a name.
5	It was a slow Sunday evening, so I made the walk down from the Mirage, seeking to finally try The Sinatra Smash, a cocktail that originated at Sinatra, but is now offered at a few of the bars in Wynn/Encore.  I went into Sinatra and took a seat at the bar. The bartender Peter is a true master.  The bar was immaculate, but so was his technique. He masterfully measured and perfectly mixed nearly a hundred drinks in front of me, never dropping even a grain of salt from a rim. His workspace and technique were immaculate. I enjoyed 3 Smashes, a delicious concoction where the main players are Gentleman Jack and muddled black berries. I can see why this cocktali has won mention from the James Beard Foundation, and numerous references in Food & Wine Magazine.To start off the meal I had the Prosciutto & Pear appetizer, which was flawless and delicious, nothing new here, but fantastically delicious. For dinner I had the Pennette, a sausage Ragu with a smart smack of fresh and vibrant herbs added for kick.  THIS MIGHT BE THE PASTA I HAVE EVER TASTED.   I found the service here to be remarkable. This is a great choice for a casual dinner or a serious romantic affair.  Most definitely stop at the bar for a Sinatra Smash before dinner.My highest reccomendation.At the Wynn, buisness casual at a minimum to dressy.  Excellent, friendly wait staff, not stuffy, knowledgeable, and appreciative of the diner.
5	Love this place! Great vegan options, great service, great atmosphere and great prices!
5	All high marks. Recommend lamb chops, lobster rissotto. Nice wine list, even by the glass. In beautiful Encore hotel. Garden patio dining looked nice for warmer evening weather. Service amazing. Friendly and very professional. Great combo. Our female server was super helpful- genuinely nice and very knowledgeable -- giving other Encore and Wynn recommendations.
5	Vegans, go here immediately!!!  You will not be disappointed!So to start, this is an excellent place for a fancy-pants meal and it's sure to satisfy any vegan along with their carnivorous counterparts.  If you're vegan be sure to request the vegetarian menu, there are a plethora of options.  And to start, our waitress brought over a bread basket with real butter (for the bf) and vegan butter (for me) and she even let me know which breads I could eat - hooray because I always have to eat bread without butter at restaurants.  Next came my appetizer, the heirloom tomato soup...it was creamy (I think with cashews), flavored well, and down-right delectable!  But the winner of the evening was the entree, the Agnolotti.  It's basically little pockets filled with vegan ricotta and herbs topped with asparagus sauce, yes, asparagus sauce!!!  I'd never had asparagus sauce in my life until Sinatra, and let me tell you, I'm a fan.  A trip to Vegas is not complete without a visit to Sinatra, I'll be back!
4	We went for my friend's birthday.  I made reservations online and said we'd be celebrating a birthday.  When we arrived, there was a happy birthday card waiting at our table - very nice touch!  We ordered drinks before dinner - my friend and her mom had the Sinatra Smash and really enjoyed it.  I had the raspberry limoncello lemon drop - amazing!  Our waiter, Eric, was fantastic.  He gave good recommendations and didn't lead us wrong.  We had 2 entrees - the chicken parmagiana and the lasagna.  The portions on the chicken parm was enough for 2 people.  Our waiter recommended we order a side of pasta because the chicken doesn't come with it.  The sauce on the pasta was flavorful, but there was so much chicken we really didn't need extra food to go with it.  My friend said the lasagna was the best she ever had.  After dinner they brought a free birthday dessert.  It was very pretty, but tasted absolutely horrible because there was coffee-flavored cake layered throughout and it was bitter and we couldn't eat it.  That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Well, that, and it was rather pricy, but when you're dining on the strip, everything is pricy.  We would definitely go again.
5	Sinatra inside the Wynn, I love you.I was taken here for a surprise birthday dinner and it was the highlight of my birthday weekend. The decor is beautiful and our table was against the large windows with a view of the outside garden area. The menus are cute too, each has a picture inside of Steven Wynn and Frank himself.The service was impeccable beginning at the entrance of the restaurant. When I arrived the hostess handed me a handwritten birthday card, and throughout the entire dinner all the staff went out of their way to wish me a happy birthday.The food was so delicious. Our party ordered nearly everything on the menu, including several bottles of chianti. One of the specials for the night was a black truffle pasta which was heavy but delicious. I had little bites of everything. The entree item I ordered was the pennette. Italian sausage ragu over pasta, amazing.Desserts (panna cotta and tiramisu) came out with candles on them and "happy birthday" written in chocolate. I will post a pic here on Yelp. It was a fantastic ending to a wonderful meal.I'm very much looking forward to my next experience at Sinatra.
5	Came here because my boyfriend is a big Sinatra fan. We started with the Panzanella con Granchio (blue crab). I had the Ossobuco veal and he had the New York, with a bottle of Stag's Leap cab. Everything was wonderful. From the ambiance to the music to our older gentleman server, everything was what you expected it to be. Definitely a Sinatra hang out if he were still around. The music and dim lighting set an old Hollywood vibe. It's almost like he was there! Pricey but soooo worth it!
5	Absolutely fantastic !!!!! From the environment, the staff and the food, the gnocchi melt on your mouth. As you can see by my plate, I could have ate another dinner.
4	I finally figured it out!!! All ala carte fine dining in LV is approximately the same price.  Therefore you may want to couple good food with atmosphere and Sinatra has great atmosphere and amenities.  From the generous leather backed chairs to the decorator tableclothes and polished cotton napkins the place makes you feel comfortable.  The sommelier was polite and helpful and the wait staff very attentive.  The highlights of the meal included fabulous Osso Busco, carparccio, and Branzino.  Could write more - but no need - as this place is no brainer - especially for those staying at the Encore or Wynn.Trust me you will be happy.
4	While in Vegas, we ate all our meals at Wynn restaurants. Being vegan, we were very happy to discover that Wynn is vegan and all his restaurants offer a full vegan menu! Sinatra offered a great menu and so we decided to have our last dinner there. I was a bit surprised that the vegan menu is not listed on their main menu. If you don't know it exists--you wouldn't think that they offered anything veg. We loved the vegan bread and butter basket. We ordered a pasta dish with an asparagas sauce--which was not very impressive. The Gardein Chickn Marsala with gnocchi was amazing! Unfortunately, we didn't feel it was impressive enough to warrant the price--but it gets an extra star just for having a vegan menu.
3	While the food was outstanding, we were virtually ignored by our server. He never introduced himself, or offered any specials or recommendations, as we heard him telling other tables. He never checked on us to ask how our meal was (spending $45 on an entree, I would expect him to ask me how it is), and I had to flag down a food runner to ask for my friend's drink refill. Yes we are in our twenties, but we were there to spend money. Don't assume because we look younger than the average clientele that we are not going to tip, because that is not the case. I want to give Sinatra more stars, but based on the fact that we received service comparable to a Denny's, I can't.
4	This is a great restaurant. My wife and I celebrated our 21st anniversary recently and we visited this restaurant for the first time and were impressed with the food. BTW the lobster risotto was awesome!!! They are a bit pricey after tip two entrees, two salads and one drink from the bar our bill was $176. The staff refers to you by your last name which is a nice touch. If you're at the Wynn and are looking for a good Italian restaurant I can recommend this one.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place, and the Wynn in general. We stayed in the Wynn Tower Suites, and before heading XS were give this place as a recommendation by our concierge. Holy smokes was it delicious. Truthfully, this is probably one of the best meals I've had in my life. Anywhere. Hearty portions, outstanding service, ridiculous wine list, and ambiance to die for. Cannot wait until my next trip to Vegas. This will be my first dinner spot!
4	We've been not happy with the food choices at the Wynn in general, but that has now changed with Sinatra... The Best Is Yet to Come.... yeah I know lame... but we enjoyed it, cocktails were fabulous, service spot-on and the food was great.. Pricey as the norm for Vegas. Can't put a finger on why not 5-stars... but it is what it is... We will definitely be back!
5	Of all the restaurants at Wynncore, this is the one we never miss. We'll dabble at the others, but every trip has to include dinner at Sinatra. The menu is ideal and we have never had anything less than stellar service. There is something for everybody here, and the vegan options are not to be missed. On a recent trip, the wife and I had:Caprese (her): absolutely perfect, with micro-basil and heirloom tomatoesProsciutto (him): paper-thin slices with caramelized pears and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano. OrgasmicOsso Buco (her): Unwaveringly rich and satisfyingPollo (him): Chicken Marsala with pillowy gnocchi and forest mushrooms. Perfect.Dessert was a trio of gelato/sorbet with the toasted coconut (vegan) taking the gold. I supposed I will tire of this place some day. After I have worked my way through the menu a few times.  ;)
5	Very delicious food here.  I came here with 6 others and we all enjoyed our meals.  All the entrees and appetizers were great, along with the desserts.We ordered a fabulous Sangiovese which I highly recommend - Banfi Belnero 2009.On this trip, we ate at 3 of the expensive restaurants inside Wynn/Encore - Lakeside, Botero, and Sinatra - and Sinatra was hands down by a mile the best of the 3.  I'll definitely return here next time I'm in Vegas!!
4	Elegant restaurant, classy and beautifully dressed. Delicious cuisine and excellent service. StartersProsciutto with melon: Perfect starter. Beets, citrus segments, fried goat cheese, pistachios - beets were super fresh and an excellent spring starter.Tuna carpaccio was fresh and flavorful, well-paired with pickled vegetables, pine nuts, raisins, in a balsamic reduction.MainsBranzino - phenomenal. Potentially best branzino I've ever had. Came highly recommended from our server, justified.Cioppino - hearty seafood stew of lobster, clams, scallops, shrimp, couscous in tomato lobster broth. Friend enjoyed this dish.Service was good after initial hiccups. We requested to be reseated from a long table to a round table to allow for better conversation, which was accommodated but took awhile to reseat us. Fortunately, our server Dinah got our party of 8 ladies out in time for 7pm La Reve. Would recommend for special occasions - prefer Sinatra to Circo at Bellagio.
4	I really wanted this place to be WOW. And it was good, but I ate in many more remarkable locations. We had a marvelous table that overlooked the garden and was private. The food was good and wine selection was incredible, albeit expensive.
5	Overall good service, good food, def want to make a reservation!  Food was $$$$ but it is fine dining.
4	Gorgeous place to begin with from the bar, dining room and outdoor area. The food gets five stars along with the decor. We started with the meatballs and polenta fries - they were delicious. I had one of the specials - agnoletti pasta with shaved truffles on top...for an $85 dollar entree it should be amazing...it was. My husband had the osso bucco and raved about that as well. We wanted dessert...but couldn't manage it after such a large meal! The service was good, and the wine list was fantastic.
4	Great place.  Good Italian food, and Frank Sinatra decor actually interesting and tastefully done.  Ossobuco Your Way is awesome!!  Frank's Spaghetti and Clams is great to have as a shared dish with a group of 4 also.  Always Sinatra in the background of course adds to the experience.
5	Our experience at Sinatra was excellent.I was entertaining VIP clients while attending a trade show in Las Vegas and chose Sinatra based upon other Yelpers and the menu. It was a great choice.We started out with a couple of cocktails and then we were told about the specials and given plenty of time to order. I went with the tuna carpaccio which was tuna sliced paper thin with capers and a perfect dressing. My co-diners went with a salad that was made with watermelon. I don't recall what it was called but they loved it.I decided to go with the Chicken which was covered in wild mushrooms in a marsala wine sauce over gnocchi. It was DELICIOUS - the gnocchi was the best I ever ate - light tiny little clouds that I couldnt stop eating. The sauce was perfect and the chicken as well. My co diners had the salmon which was served over vegetables and the pork saltimbocca which was served with a creamy, cheesy spinach. Both said they were delicious.We passed on dessert as we were too full. Service was excellent and the atmosphere dimly lit and quiet. Perfect for client entertaining or a romantic evening.
5	My "heaven on earth." The service is always 5 stars...food wonderful. Very accommodating..treated like royalty. Love this place!!! Have been several times, very consistent food and service....ambiance to die for! I would mention the name of the server we request every time, but I can't risk them getting so busy we may not be able to get a table in their area!!
5	We had the best food here, the best service, and some very good wine.  The atmosphere was build around Sinatra's favorites and it was comfortable and well appointed.  We had a wonderful waitress, but I can not remember her name because she said she was identified as the only old lady, but she was not old, and she was fantastic.  Kudos to her.  Prices were high, but it was worth it.
4	Service is outstanding at this place.  We both felt very welcomed the moment we walked into the restaurant.  The staff remembered we were there for special occasion and offered us complimentary dessert at the end.Our wait staff was very responsive and professional.  Appetizers were great and i feel they were even much better than main course for taste and presentation.  For the entree,  hubby's lamb chop carried no salt while my veal chop had uneven seasoning on the surface.  However, when hubby brought up the issue on the mashed potato, the server immediately fixed it and apologized.  Again, the service there is awesome.We had a wonderful time and believed the entree wasn't perfect cos it was busy labor day weekend.
5	Outstanding service, really impeccable.  Seating on time, nice table set ups, lighting could be a little lower but good ambiance, veal dish was spot on, and the ricotta dessert was one of the best I have ever tasted.
4	Excellent service.  Friendly, attentive, but not over-bearing.Classic interior, great for a nice date or just to enjoy a meal with friends.For starters, my group of 4 shared the Frank's Clams Posilipo: reminded me of a cioppino.  light and not overly salty.I ordered the Milanese, and this thing was HUGE!  My portion of veal was literally bigger than my head, so I feel less bad about shelling out the 45 bucks for this dish.  The breading was very light and just right.  Not oily or greasy at all.  For dessert, we shared the tiramusu which was perfect to share among the 4 of us.  We also shared the capuccino over gelato (I don't recall what it was called on the menu) and this was delicious!!!  You've got to get it.By no means was our meal "cheap."  It was $101 each, but considering we also got two bottles of red and three of us got post-dinner coffee, the cost of the meal wasn't all that expensive.If you are looking for a delicious meal in a nice setting, give Sinatra a try!
5	Pay attention, it's AWESOME here!  Great service, CHECK!  Great food, CHECK!  BEautiful decor, CHECK! :)First off let me say that my daughter LOVES it here!  She swears they have the best veal parm EVER! EVER! EVER! EVER!  I'm inclined to agree with her!  The lasagna is tasty, sauce to pasta ratio good.  Not too soupy, not to cheesy, and certainly not to pasta-y (if that makes sense). Meatball appetizer is delicious, and the crab salad appetizer is out of this world.  So light and yummy!  We also feasted on the special veal chop which was prepared beautifully!  BEAUTIFULLY, I say!  Wonderful dining experience, that ended with an AMAZE-BALLS Panna Cotta!  Oh, please do, it's SOOO nice! :)
5	My friends and I ate here on Friday, 9/21 for my birthday.  It was amazing!  The staff even gave me a hand written birthday card and a free desert.  I had the Cioppino (lobster, clams, and shrimp), everything about it was delicious.  The meal may have been pricer than what I normally pay, but in my opinion it was worth it.
4	Plush and well-staffed.Lovely menu.Waiter sold me on the filet, complete with mashed potatoes and asparagus.The potatoes that arrived were actually stir-fried, or similar, better suited for a Denny's breakfast.I overheard the waiter  repeating the same mistake to two other parties.I brought him up to date.He said he was very sorry.Nitpicking?Maybe.But when the bill is $240 for two people, let's hope the wait staff knows what's actually being served.Filet was very good, not the best I've had.
5	This ones hands down one of the best meals ive ever had!! Best service I've ever had and worth every dollar we paid! If you me in Vegas you HAVE to go here!
5	Everything here is superb quality! This includes the atmosphere, which was classy, cozy, and romantic. How can it not be with Frankie playing in the background? The service was impeccable; everyone was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and eager to serve. More importantly, the food was fantastic.  We tried:- Antipasto (fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, olives, roasted peppers)- Milanese (crusted veal chop)- Lobster Risotto (with fresh mushrooms and large pieces of lobster)Everything was delicious! My mouth is watering just thinking of this meal! My favorite parts were the incredibly fresh mozzarella and everything about the risotto. If you're in Vegas, give this restaurant a shot even if you're not staying at the Wynn. I highly recommend it.
4	So, once upon a time, I ate a large amount of Italian food. In fact, I ate so much of it that I was no longer interested in having it - ever.Therefore, it was quite a surprise to me when, upon browsing through the food recommendation section of the Encore Hotel & Casino entertainment book this past weekend, that my gaze settled upon a little place called "Sinatra" - and I wanted to go there!My date and I arrived and of course, since it was a Sunday, I didn't make reservations. There simply isn't a need and this was in fact evident based on the number of folks there.For pre-dinner drinks we selected The Dream - a signature cocktail - and a glass of sauvignon blanc. Nothing special here.I've been on an appetizer kick lately, sampling only appetizers. I feel this allows me to sample the most items and I can also closely meter how much food I'm eating. We started with a lovely basket of parmesan breadsticks, parmesan flatbread, and whole wheat bread. It was good, but honestly, nothing special. After we moved on to the mains. Polpettine - housemade meatballs with polenta fries. The housemade meatballs were OK. Ikea meatballs are slightly better IMO, but....THE POLENTA FRIES! They were soooo good. In fact, I would order this dish again in a heartbeat just for them.Frank's Clams Posilipo - clams in tomato sauce with garlic and oregano. Delicious. Exactly what I expected. Flawlessly executed. My date got the Agnolotti, which is small pasta pockets filled with bufala ricotta, herbs, asparagus sauce. It was rich, but truly sublime. Small pockets of pasta, with a delicate sauce, that explode perfectly in your mouth as you eat them. Due to the fact that we had bottle service somewhere after we declined to eat further, but I can only imagine. I expect to be back here in December when I return to the Encore.
5	I am a 5 star grinch.   A 5 star miser.  Sinatra's is a DOUBLE five star place.   WOW!!!!!   I found out my buddy was in Vegas while we were.  He knows ALL the best places to go.  I texted him for his 2 best recommendations.   This was one and I was impressed.WOW, WOW, WOW..... Get fancy dressed up, shine your shoes, slick back your hair, clear your schedule.   I think a 2 hour window will work.   The service and attention to detail is over the top.   The food is superb.  I love when the wait staff wants to gush over your table.  We were kings for the night.   Our wife's were queens.   This place was great.Long live the king.
5	This place is very good!! our waitress was the best the food was great and the price is cheap! Its a must go!!!!! also great wine selection!
5	Classy space with a sleek patio.  Wine list and drinks are superb.  It is amazing how few pro bartenders there are in the drunk capital of the universe.Dinner was excellent.  The portions were sized for normal appetites unlike so many place in Vegas.  The flavors were vibrant and the rich flavors was well cut with bitter or sour notes.Veal Milanese was fork tender and just perfect.  The crab claw special was just that, special.Can't recommend this place strongly enough.
1	they had big groups of buisiness man it was laud and food was all messed up I complained to waiter he got attitude they charged full price all 4 meal was nasty I returned my fish dish but they did not do anything. NEVER GO BACK THE PLACE EVER!!!!!!!
5	As a fan of all things Sinatra, this place has been on my radar for a while.  Met a client here for an early dinner and was glad to see a bar located nearby for pre-dinner drinks.  For dinner I had the Osobusco 'his way' that was melt in your mouth delicious, if you enjoy bone marrow this is a must have.  My guest had the veal Parmesan which was also very well done.  The ambiance was great and the staff was very helpful with recommendations. On the way out I recommend the tiramisu.  Enjoy, great place all the way around.
5	Hubby took me here the night that he proposed. Beautiful restaurant, great food, and great service.
5	FIVE STAR RESTAURANT! I decided to spend my birthday at Sinatra this year and I must say this was one of the best birthday experiences I have ever had. As I arrived at my dining table, there was a cute little card waiting for me on the table. I opened it up and it was a HAND-WRITTEN birthday card. I thought it was very sweet that the restaurant went out of their way to hand-write a birthday card for me...quite a memorable characteristic indeed. As for the food...I could not believe that this restaurant has an entire vegan menu. I am not vegan, but am lactose intolerant and they were able to modify all dishes to meet my dietary needs. And all of the food spectacular! For my starter, I ordered the beef carpaccio served with salsa verde, wild arugula, shaved parmigiano, and croutons. Excellent combination.For my main course, I had the agnolotti filled with butternut squash and served with sage, parmesan, and brown butter. They made this dish completely dairy-free for me. I have seen a similar dish at several other restaurants, however I can never order it due to its high dairy content. I must say I was impressed with these accommodations. For dessert, I ordered  the bomba al cioccolato made with Valrhona chocolate cake, raspberries and passion fruit sorbet. DAIRY FREE. This is the best vegan dessert I have ever  tasted in my life. It did not taste vegan at all...actually tasted quite normal :) The combination of the cake the with sorbet went perfectly together.The ambiance is elegant and lovely. There are photos of Frank Sinatra all around with charming Sinatra music playing in the background. They also gifted me and my entire party with Holiday Frank Sinitra CDs!! Can you believe that? We all left with Sinatra CDs! If thats not going over the top...then I don't know what is. The bathrooms are also beautiful. The bathrooms are technically the Encore hotel bathrooms, but regardless they have HAIRSPRAY and hand lotion in BOTH the men's and women's powder rooms. And the hand lotion smells amazing!Finally, I must comment on the service as it was outstanding. We dined as a party of 6 and asked our server to provide each of us with individual itemized receipts (for reimbursement purposes). The server did not complain or have any problems with our request. In fact, he remembered each of our items and was happy to fulfill our request.I highly recommend checking out Sinatra in Las Vegas. I had an absolutely phenomenal dining experience!
5	Dined for my son's 21st birthday.   First off, we were 2 hours late for reservation due to horrible traffic coming from LA and had to keep changing the time.  Hostess was very understanding and was able to get us in when we arrived.  When it came time to ordering a bottle of wine, the sommelier was very helpful and even gave my son and his friend a Sinatra Smash on the house (most amazing cocktail I've ever had) and came back often to check on us.   Food was very good and service excellent.  Even brought my son a slice of raspberry dessert with Happy Birthday written on the plate.l  Overall a perfect way to start our vacation and celebrate this memorable birthday.
5	Love this place.  They have Frank's favorite spaghetti and clams. For all the lounge lizards this is the spot for food and atmosphere.
4	This is the second time we've been to Sinatra. It wasn't as good as the first, mostly because of the mediocre service.The food was classic Italian, meaning the chicken parm was really really good, light crispy batter, perfectly cooked chicken, really nice sauce. My steak was above average. However, my side of eggplant was swimming in grease and tasteless. They fussed over us until we ordered, and then we were ignored. No one ever came to the table to ask if we were satisfied, and no one noticed that I only took a bite or two of it. That felt less than 4 star.Bottom line, it's a Vegas upscale hotel restaurant. They don't have a famous chef, so they better deliver on service. It didn't happen.
5	Beautiful restaurant with everything you expect from a fine dining experience. The staff is attentive but not overbearing. The Sommelier was particularly helpful. Tables were spacious with big, comfortable chairs. The food was exquisite - every mouthful. I was told I must have the Veal Parmigiana  - that it would be the best I'd ever have...and it was.  I literally stumbled out of this place, not from intoxication, but from not being able to stop eating when I got full - everything was just SO GOOD. Highly recommended.
5	This is the place!. Indeed, this is the place to dine when you want to do it in class and style. I enjoyed this restaurant so much on a previous trip that this time, I brought my wife here to celebrate our anniversary. She enjoyed it immensely as well and can't wait to return. With a nod to Old Blue Eyes, the sweet songs of Sinatra greet you as soon as you enter the welcoming hostess at the entrance. While there, linger a moment and appreciate Frank's awards and trophies - and some choice photos - adorning the wall.The dining room is as exquisite as they come. The chairs so comfortable that if you lean back, you just might fall asleep. The soft music of Frank's many hits continues to play in the background as you settle into your seat and, by candlelight, examine a menu fit for kings and queens. I opted for Frank's Spaghetti and Clams, which was one of Sinatra's favorites. I can see why. It was outstanding. I added some parmesean asparagus on the side and lemme tell you....if you don't like asparagus, you'll love this. It almost tasted like some kind of pizza! We capped it off with an amazing dessert. I wish I could remember exactly what it was called but it really doesn't matter because they all looked good. It was so nice how they fancied the tasty dessert up with a warm "Happy Anniversary" message on the plate (see photo). I should mention that everyone we encountered at the restaurant seemed to know we were celebrating and wished us a happy anniversary at every turn. There was even a nice card on the table when we arrived. How nice is that?We love this place and can't wait to hurry back.
5	From the moment we walked into to Sinatra's until we walked out, we were treated as if we were special, as if we were the only customers in the restaurant. One of the best aspects was their treatment of my wife who has food allergies. She was given a special menu which lists what you can order if you have certain allergies. At every course, our waiter--David Saunders, who gave us impeccable service--made note of how the particular dish was prepared. At many restaurants, if you have a food allergy you are treated as if you are a bother. This certainly wasn't the case here.For our entrees, my wife had the Cioppino and I had Bistecca. It was one of the best steaks I've ever had.I recommend the Sinatra Smash, if you want a mixed drink. It's delicious.This place is not cheap and there is no way of getting around it. But you get what you pay for and we received a fantastic meal, a special night out, and one of the best experiences we have ever had in Las Vegas.
5	From the minute we arrived we were treated as guests. The food was amazing. The service was up there with the best I've encountered. The decor is very appealing.I highly recommend stopping in if you are in Las Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for an early Valentine's Day dinner and everything was perfect! I ordered the vegan marsala and it was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the pollo and he really liked that as well. My boyfriend is not one to gush over a restaurant, but he said that he will now always want to go back to Sinatra whenever he is in Vegas and that I picked a good spot! So, yes...it's a little pricey, but it's Vegas. It can be expected. Food and service were both great!
4	Took my date here on Valentines Day.I had the Carpaccio which had a nice kick to it.  I also ordered the Chicken Parmigiana that came with two huge juicy chicken breasts.She had the Frank's special Spaghetti & Clams & fungi trifoliate which were good but I'm not too big on mushrooms. The atmosphere is great & I was really digging the giant framed picture of Ol Blue Eyes. I will go back on a birthday or special occasion.
5	Celebrating my birthday and Valentine Day with my wife. This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.Had the Ossobucco, decadent veal, have to run at least a few miles to burn that off, but it is worth it.They even brought me a birthday dessert!Wonderful dinner!Frank would approve.
4	The food was excellent and the service was excellent but is it just me or has vegas gotten ridiculously overpriced???  $20 for caprese????  $50 for veal parm without a side dish -- just the veal???
5	This is our very fav place to dine in vegas, the service is the best!  Try the chic parm!
5	This place is 5 stars all the way.  It's located inside the Encore hotel.  The decor of the place is very nice and upscale, with pictures of Frank throughout the restaurant.  My wife and I ate here around 9 on Saturday night without a reservation, and only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated.  We decided to sit outside since it was such a nice night.  We were seated right next to the fireplace, and they even had heat lamps going as well in case it got a little chilly.  It was a very romantic atmosphere, as the greenery outside was very nice and well kept.  For our meal, we split a caesar salad, which was very good, except for the fact that it comes in whole romaine leaves, so you have to cut it up.  This was only a minor inconvenience, as the salad was very good.  For our meals, I ordered the chicken parm, while my wife ordered the lobster risotto.  We also ordered a side of mashed potatoes.  My chicken parm was excellent, and the mashed potatoes were very good as well.  The lobster risotto my wife ordered was out of this world.  I'm not a big lobster fan, but this risotto was the best I have ever tasted.  Everything was very flavorful and well presented.  They give you a bread basket as well which was good.  We saved room for dessert and ordered the lemon cheesecake.  I'm not a big lemon fan at all, but our waiter advised us that there wasn't a big lemon flavor to it.  He was right, it was excellent and just the right size.  Overall, we will definitely be back here.  It was around $150 for 2 people, but well worth it.  Especially when it ends up getting comped down the line by the casino. :)
5	Great atmosphere...Food and service was top notch. Great place to enjoy an anniversary or special event. Patio was great right by a fireplace.  Portions were huge and meal was cooked to perfection.
5	I enjoyed the Sinatra experience.  Food was top notch and you even get a CD of Franky's when you leave!
3	I guess I was expecting something more Disneyland -- like an animatronic Frank Sinatra greeting people at the door, smoking a cigar and slapping the ladies' asses. Alas, this classy joint is devoid of kitsch :-( The Sinatra theme is limited to a few pieces of memorabilia in the front, and Sinatra music playing in the background. The decor and atmo are stolid swank -- nothing flashy, mobster-ish or fun... just a place where miserable old WASP couples would feel comfortable picking at their food and bickering about whether to go to Nantucket or Martha's Vineyard for the summer.Service was excellent, and the food was good. I don't even LIKE Italian food, but it was good! I had the carpaccio salad app, and the lasagna. Both excellent. The cocktail menu is fun as well -- I had the Sinatra Smash, which was dandy. Overall, a decent place to get an expensive Italian meal...but nothing to really set it apart from other Italian restaurants in town.
4	I thought overall this was a good restaurant.  If there was an option to vote 3.5, I would but I thought 3 would have been too low....so it gets a 4.  I ordered the linguine with clams and it was good...I've had better but was good.  The pasta was fresh but really heavy.  My other half ordered chicken parm which he loved and devoured.  We ordered a crab salad appetizer with croutons.  That was the part of the meal I could have done without.  It was super small so if I'm gonna get something super small I expect it to be fabulous.  This was clunky and awkward.  The flavors just did not meld well together.  Great service!  I also had a fabulous dessert wine there but can't remember the name of it :/
5	Came here for my birthday dinner this evening. We were immediately impressed with the ambiance and the attentiveness of our server, Eric D (not to mention the great decor and music --wink-wink--).We had cocktails, a caprese salad appetizer, the filet mignon (which was a special tonight), the alaskan halibut, and the panna cotta for dessert! We literally cleaned our plates! I'll be back next time we're in Vegas!
5	Oh man, these guys are good.  Wife's vegan and she and I wanted a date night during our Vegas trip, so decided to sample how the other side (i.e. those who have money) lives for once.  We had heard that Sinatra was really good to vegans so we snagged a reservation and checked them out.  First thing we noticed was when I told the server my wife was vegan, upon bringing out the bread they separated the bread that had cheese on it from everything else and also gave her Earth Balance to use instead of regular butter.  That's pretty cool.  And their drink menu is gigantic.  Lots of awesome options for those who favor the harder stuff over beer/wine, those of course being me.After we had pounded a couple cocktails we both got the chicken parmigiana (with hers being the "chicken", aka Gardein version).  Now, being that I don't eat at fancy restaurants like these all that often, I was curious what their entree portion size was like.  I have to admit I was a bit skeptical that we might end up in something out of American Psycho and get a $100 plate of elaborately-decorated thimble-sized food.  But such was not the case!  They bring my plate out and it's two huge cuts with the chicken absolutely dominated with cheese.    Same for the wife for her Gardein version with vegan cheese.  I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T LET ME DOWN, FRANK! It was delicious as all hell and though we really wanted to try the vegan chocolate bar dessert, we were entirely too full.  It is still a pricey affair - two drinks, two entrees and a side ran us $140 after tip - but it's a lovely atmosphere, we got plenty of food and the staff was extremely friendly and treated my wife like vegan royalty.  Gotta say, I'm impressed.
4	I have a limited basis for review, but everything I had was phenomenal. I started off with the Beef Carpaccio, which was flavorful, and the arugula and parmesan complimented it quite well. It was slices perfectly thin, and I have no complaints about it.  8.5/10.For my entree, I had the Veal Parmigiana, which was pounded very thin. It was quite possibly the best, most tender piece of veal I've ever had. The pomodoro sauce and mozzarella cheese were delicious as well and the portion was plenty big. The $49 price-tag was inarguably very steep, but it was absolutely delicious. 9/10.For dessert, I had the Panna Cotta, with both vanilla and pistachio. The fruit, panna cotta, and sauce were all delicious as well and finished off the meal on a positive note. 8/10.In terms of service, I would say that it was good, but not great. Our waiter (blanking on her name) was very nice, but service was consistently a bit slow throughout the night. Still though, I value food much more than I do service, so I enjoyed the dinner in all of its entirety. My only other quibble is the pricing; everything seems a bit overpriced for what it is.
5	Good food. Beautiful restaurant. Great service!
5	Impeccable service - perfectly timed food, perfect knowledge of the wine list, unobtrusive table service/clearing.  The best martini in Vegas.  A beautiful setting - the art in the dining room is gorgeous and the bar is beautifully lit and sparkly.  Great music (Sinatra and associated Rat Pack tunes of course).  And fabulous people watching.  Get the Lobster Risotto - i swear there must have been the meat of a 1 lb lobster in there.  And an amazing caprese with heirloom tomatoes of many colors.  My favorite dinner in Vegas!
5	"The Perfect Romantic Restaurant!"This restaurant located at the Wynn Hotel is definitely representative of Frank Sinatra himself. The food is definitely Italian and the best I've had in a long time. The ambiance provides for a very romantic evening with someone you love. Both my husband and I enjoyed our evening immensely. We'll definitely return. If you want to try something fun, try the Sinatra Smash at this restaurant. Other establishments in the Wynn Hotel say they can replicate it, believe me when I say they can't. Visited July 2013
4	I love the ambience of this place! The service is also fantastic.The prices are normal for Vegas high end restaurants, but the food really wasn't as delicious as I was expecting. My veal parmigiana tasted bland.Oh well... would still return and try something new.
3	My boyfriend and I came to dinner here with another couple last weekend while we were in Vegas. We wanted to do a fancy dinner at a romantic restaurant. This place definitely captures that mood. However, the food was decent. It's better to make your own entree rather than picking from their menu, which doesn't have that much of a selection. They are pretty accommodating to your taste though. Dessert was probably the best part. The restaurant is kind of loud because it's so small so you can't hear the music playing or anything. The one thing that was a bit annoying was that no table has just one waiter. We were served by 5 different people, which was a pain. Next time we're in Vegas, we'll probably try something else.
3	I would give it a 3.5 but not sure how to make that happen. Atmosphere is a 5 star, Service a 4.5 Star, The Wine Server that night was awesome. The food for the High end pricing it demands was a 3 star. The food flavor did not match the price expectations! Steve Wynn himself would be disappointed. We sat by the door that leads to the restroom and it was slamming way to loud, they finally just left it open. Back right corner. My NY steak was just normal, My wife's Lobster Risotto was good. The Meatball app. was just weird, no flavor, The mixture of olives, parma, peppers etc was very nice. Wine prices are Extremely high, but a great selection.
5	i died here.  the food was AMAZING.  LIKE SO SO SO AMAZING.  vegan or otherwise they pull out all the stops here.  best service, best atmosphere, best food, and it's pricey but *WORTH IT*i ordered cashew cream pasta pockets, salad, vegan chicken marsala, dessert, & coffee. (i ordered a LOT i know, but i split it all with a friend)  everything was extremely high quality and extremely delicious. don't miss this serious gem!  vegan OR otherwise!
5	I had some girlfriends in town for a vacation weekend; we made reservations here before seeing Le Reve.  I stopped by a day or two ahead of the reservation just to confirm it (I had made the reservation online via a third-party reservation site) and the hostesses were friendly and polite.  When we showed up for our dinner, they were just as friendly--very professional.  In fact, the entire staff that we interacted with were great.  Everyone was smiling and helpful.  The food was Ah-may-zing.  I had cioppino, one friend had one of the specials (I think it was filet and truffled mashed potatoes that will haunt your dreams--they are that good), and the other had the fish special (I forget only because I was so in love with the cioppino).  We sat on the patio, the weather was beautiful, and the service was perfect.  Great dining experience!
4	A very nice night out. I was a bit jet-lagged and rolled in there feeling a tad underdressed without my jacket. The atmosphere exuded class, and the service was up to the standard. The cocktail service in the bar was attentive and quick. They have a variety of specialty drinks poured to perfection. The dining experience was just as nice. I had the Agnolotti (small pasta pockets filled with butternut squash, sage, parmesan, brown butter) and it was delicious. The portion size was just right, the pasta cooked perfectly and the temperature right on. There are also several dessert options to choose from. My table ordered most of them, and seemed to be quite happy. Our server was excellent as well. Best service I received the entire time I was in town. If you go in a larger group, be prepared for a hefty bill. The prices are a little steep, but if you're looking for an old-school, classy experience, head over to Sinatra. You might even see Paul Anka there, like we did.
5	Food is good. Reservations are hard to get. Place was pretty full when we went. We decided to skip the dining room and sit outside next to the fireplace.  We spent a few hours there andfinished a few bottles of wine.  Place is pricy but not too bad.The staff just needs to be a little more attentive.
4	Ate there 8/17/2013, Made reservations 2 days before.  Requested an outside table, Host was incredibly friendly and helpful.  The day we went it was raining (surprisingly) so they were able without me asking to put the two of us next to the window looking out at the gardens.  Waiter addressed both of us as Mr and Ms. which was very nice, wine and beer prices were normal; 8$ premium draft beer, $7 wine.  Ordered a appetizer, didn't wait long for that.  My date ordered Pollo Chicken and I ordered the Chicken Parm.  Both were fantastic, portion was just right.  Bill at the end came to $125, which I was okay with, I was treated with class in an upscale place, with great food, music, and aroma.  Would go there again for sure.
3	Went to Sinatra's before going to XS and I must say, the food was meh.We ordered the mussels, lasagna, another pasta dish and the polenta.  Everything was just OK. Nothing special.  Price is a lil high for 'meh' food.
4	Ok, in the land of incredible restaurants, this one is right up there but not exactly cream-of-the-crop. The food was damn good and the service was better. The wine list was above average for an Italian restaurant. If this were in NYC it would possibly disappear in the glitz. A fine escape from the upscale modern cuisine, this is a great deviation from the normal mono-theistic gravy-over-pasta joint like Cafe Lamberti. There are just so many other choices it makes a 5th star difficult to attain. Overall a great experience.
2	Went here with a party of 9 on a Saturday night.Environment:  Sinatra has a very nice environment.  Classy photos of Frank hung up, big windows with a clear view into an atrium with lights.  Has an old school classic feel.Food:  I had a Paloma to drink, which was delish.  The clam appetizer, was decent but didn't taste fresh.  I had the halibut for dinner, so, so dry.  My side by side dinner companions both tasted my dish and confirmed, it was the worst fish they have ever had.  It tasted like cardboard.  I'm not sure if this is the theme for the hotel, because the night before we ate at Andreas and it was also dry.  Horrible horrible food.Service:  Service was tolerable but not the best.  I did give one additional star for providing separate checks.  Sinatra also added on tip, when Andrea's didn't.  Inconsistent policies.  Would not go back, nor recommend.
4	Delicious Italian, Frank Sinatra playing in the background, what more could you ask for?Pretty dang tasty if you ask me... More of a dining experience- The tiramisu is off the charts good........ As well as the Lasagna...
5	Ate here for our anniversary (again). Still flawless. This time it was different in that Steve Wynn was having dinner out on the patio and the staff was trying to keep the disturbance down to minimal. They succeeded. Even with the Big Boss on site, the service was extraordinary. Always attentive, and quick to offer suggestions. This time we split the Black Truffle Fettucini for an appetizer. If they have this when you dine here, ORDER IT!! Earthy and buttery and oh-so delicious. The wife had the Chicken Marsala while I had the Special, which was a perfectly cooked hunk of filet mignon with a wine-reduction sauce. The gelato dessert was ordered again, and enjoyed again. Then they brought out a pistachio panna cotta with "Happy Anniversary" written on it in chocolate. The waiter suggested a dessert wine to accompany, and poured it gratis. After Steve left the manager came by the table to congratulate us, and when he found out that we had had our anniversary dinner at Sinatra every year since it has been open, gifted us with a signed picture of Steve and Frank and a private issue CD of the songs Steve selected for the restaurant. Then he was waiting for us as we left to congratulate us again and thank us for dining there. Total high-roller treatment for a couple of ordinary folk. This place is a winner and will always be on our list of faves. Thanks, Steve!
2	My guess is there are so many high rating because people figure "if I paid this much, it's gotta be great!" Nope. Not that great, and even after only one visit I can tell you why. LOUD. Smoky. Limited knowledge of staff, including the sommelier, on the offering of spirits (neither the waiter nor sommelier knew what kinds if bourbon they had, nor describe what limited offerings they did have.)Half of our group of 8 did not like the food. My Milanese tasted like Olive Garden; my friend could not finish his 16 oz NY Strip, because it tasted bad; another friend find the fish dry, and others said it was "just ok". Do yourself a favor. Look elsewhere.
5	Sinatra is located inside the Encore section of the Wynn, which you know, was built just for me by my oldest imaginary boyfriend Steve Wynn (Love you baby. *wink wink*) http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas-3#hrid:bdlriG8E8ggGtAH3MxTwjA So after I pulled up in my whip and took advantage of the free valet, the bestie and I - looking like the sexiest non-plastic chicks to ever come out of The OC - headed over to Sinatra to celebrate her birthday.I forgot to take pictures. I really wished I had taken some. I will next visit, I promise. Our table started off with a special appetizer of Fettuccine Alfredo - $44.00 if my memory serves me correctly - with fresh truffle shavings that were grated right in front of us. I fiddled with my napkin as I tried to keep my paws from reaching up to take the delicious and rare dark truffle from our exceptional server's hand and run away with it to the nearest drive-thru wedding chapel. Afterwards the vegan menu was presented to me and I ordered a delicious Penne Arrabiata with tender noodles and a lightly spiced sauce ($24.00 or $26.00 I believe).Others at the table enjoyed the Branzino (grilled Mediterranean sea bass) $49.00. the Veal Parmigiana $49.00 and the Tagliata (prime bone-in rib chop) $56.00. Everybody was very pleased with the preparation of their meats and the accompaniments. I see others complaining of the prices. The prices are no different than what you would pay for a fine-dining experience in Santa Barbara or Los Angeles, Sinatra is pure luxury in every sense.
2	The atmosphere is very nice and comfortable. The appetizers were pretty good. I went with my wife, brother and sister in law. We all ordered different appetizers and they were pretty good. The ceaser salad and anti pasta were the best. The main entries were not good. I got the lobster risotto and it was chewy and blah. My wife got the chicken Parmasian and it tasted like a TV dinner. My brother ordered the obrosco and it was ok at best. My sister in law ordered the spaghetti with clams that were no better than red lobster. The deserts were great. But not enough to overcome  the disappointment of the main courses. This place gets away with the name and the fact that they are in a nice hotel. You can find plenty of better restaraunts on the strip for the price.
5	Sinatra ended up being my favorite meal of my entire trip-and we didn't even plan to go there!! My mom, sister and I decided to try this just because it was convenient and in our hotel.  I have to admit, I wasn't overly excited when looking at the menu at first glance-especially because I have Celiac Disease and didn't see many gluten-free options that interested me.  However, our amazing waiter was extremely helpful coming up with gluten free options for me.  He made sure to tell me that they offer both quinoa and rice based pastas along with a variety of sauces and even brought me some g-free bread!!  When I ordered my pasta with vodka sauce, he even went out of his way to look up if a non-grain based vodka needed to be used.  For someone with a dietary restriction, it was so nice to have a waiter that went out of his way to help me find a dish that I could eat and truly enjoy!!  Not only was our waiter amazing, but all the food we had was beyond delicious.  I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas!!
5	Absolutely incredible dinner! Went for a celebratory meal and it was fantastic. Great decor and the hosts are eager to help make your experience wonderful from the beginning. Reservations are definitely encouraged. Seeing the awards of Ol' Blue Eyes was a great start. Amazing cocktail selection. Had the Chicken Parm and it was to die for. No pasta accompaniment but filling none the less. The trio was to die for dessert!
5	"My kind of joint, Sinatra is... My kind of place....". Pardon the pseudo-joke, but truly, if you like Italian food, this is your kind of place. If you like Frankie's music, this is your kind of place. And if you like BOTH Italian food AND Sinatra's music, this is a not-to-be-missed stop while in Vegas. Our party of three loves both. So we were fascinated with the Sinatra and authentic Rat Pack items on display at the restaurant entrance (intimate correspondance between Frank and Sammy, Frank and Wynn, and others, along with some of his many awards). We were seated promptly and given a window table overlooking the terrasse and outdoor fireplaces. It was a beautiful table, and the whole restaurant is elegant and understated - except for the humongous portrait of The Chairman dominating the main wall! Our waiter was superb, catering to my very-particular parents. My father wanted a basic pasta dish not on the menu; he was told sure! No problem, the chef can whip that up. Al dente, perfectly cooked, just as my dad liked it (he is hard to please). The waiter overheard my mother and I saying how we weren't sure we could finish a whole dish and he said he could gladly order us half portions of anything we liked. Wow, that was fantastic! It totally fit the bill! I ordered Sinatra's pasta with clams, and it was light and flavorful and the perfect portion. I forget what my mother had, but she loved it.I opted for just some coffee after the meal, but my folks had the creme brullee and the various scoops of gelato, the latter which was plated beautifully. They also put a few chocolates on the table, which was a lovely touch. We talked well into the next day about how lovely our dinner was here. Truly, a wonderful meal.
5	Highly enjoyable evening. Sat out by the fireplace on a perfect evening exquisite food\waitstaff. Pretty much as nice as it gets...
5	It was an anniversary weekend and we decided to try Sinatra's for Saturday night. The food and service were impeccable. Our waiter, Larry, made us feel like we were the only table in what was a busy and packed night. His attention to detail and concern for our happiness is what put this place over the top. And then there was the food. The chef has put time and deep thought into every dish which becomes obvious with the presentation and flavor. The veal chop was was simply amazing, the best we ever had. Looking forward to introducing friends to Sinatra's. We will be back.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Whether you sit outdoors or in, the atmosphere is perfect. Sinatra on the walls and in the air, how could you get more Vegas like? The steak is unbelievable, try the herb-crusted filet with a Sinatra Smash!
5	10 out of 10. One of the best meals I've ever had in a restaurant. Crazy crazy crazy good.
5	My friends and I ate here less then a week ago. We had a great experience. The food was amazing and the service was great. I have food allergies and they made me feel like I was taken care of. They have a special menu for anyone with allergies or food sensitivity. A chef also came out and spoke with me to let me know that they are aware and if I had any questions for them. I have never had a chef come out and speak to me about my allergies before so that was a first. I highly recommend Sinatra!
4	Beyond superb, which is no surprise with its location in a Steve Wynn property (Encore)!  The meatballs are amazing!  Sinatra is a must if your looking for  upscale Italian fare in Vegas!
4	Beautiful surroundings with mostly wonderful food. My husband was dissapointed with the veal. My scallops were excellent. Our choice of salad was not great. It looked good but was mostly cucumbers and a slice of avocado. The side dishes were fantastic, ratatouille, polenta and gnocchi.
5	A Must Visit While In VegasOutstanding Service From The Hostess To The Busboy.Manager Is An Excellent HostBone-In Veal Parm & Manilla Clam Pasta..Too Die ForThe Staff & Menu Really Caters To The Guest.I'll Be Back & I'm An East Coast Restaurant Owner.
5	Wow.We had an amazing meal here over the weekend (Sunday evening at 6:00pm), and if I could afford to eat here every weekend, I totally would!  Jonathan at the desk seated us, plus recommended wine and cocktails to start our dining adventure.  He chatted with us, before leaving us to peruse the menu.  Then our waiter Roberto came over.  What an awesome waiter he was!  He took the time to tell us the specials, and when I asked him what his favorite things on the menu were, he didn't disappoint.We started with the caprese salad (the man), and beef carpaccio (me).  Wow, wow, wow.  My beef was incredible.  For entrees we had the 10oz filet (the man), and the agnoletti (me).  Roberto said his favorite was the agnoletti, and that choice was perfect.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, perfect pairing between the buffalo mozzerella, pasta and sauce.  Gosh.  Finally for dessert we had the seasonal crostini, and the lollipops.  Both were so good!Excellent meal, we will definitely be back!
5	Amazing food.  Exceptional service.  Our waiter Larry took special care of us and even brought modified dishes for the two individuals at the table that had food allergies.  Highly recommended.  We were a party of 20 and the waiter gave each one of us his undivided attention and he worked with the chef to honor every food request !
5	I highly suggest anyone looking for a classy nice Italian dinner in Vegas- with amazing food and service - to try Sinatra. We got the fettuccine with truffle shaves for an appetizer that was off menu and the special of the day- a bolognese lasagna, meatballs, chicken parmesian.all of them were amazing. My  friend got the rib eye and literally amazing! Must try. Also our waiter David was phenomenal tonight! Loved every moment of tonight.
5	Amazing food and service. I had a filet and it was perfection. I ordered the green beans as a side and they were perfect. The atmosphere is wonderful. Upscale, reserved, and just a breathe of fresh air when you're tired of seeing 21 year olds running around with "margaritas by the yard", half naked, and hooting at any girl.
5	What a wonderful anniversary night we had at this beautiful restaurant. The host, Jonathan, was a wonderful guy. When he heard it was our anniversary, we were treated very special. But, I'm sure that they treat all their guests special here. It's that kind of place.We both had a delicious filet. It was perfectly cooked, and surrounded by the most wonderful au jus and vegetables. There was a surprise with some great tasting very thick pieces of bacon in the sauce, and the best tasting little onions and tomatoes you've ever had on top. We met the chef, who has a German name, but who is Italian by birth from Northern Italy. He is a gem. Everything we had that night was simply delicious. While it's clearly not an inexpensive restaurant, you get what you pay for. The filet was huge, and each of my side dishes was mouth-watering. We had the Panna Cotta for desert and it was labeled "Happy Anniversary" around the edges of the plate in chocolate. Seriously, this was one of the finest meals of our lives. Highly recommended
4	I'll keep this one short &simple as my love for Vegas is waning after 4 visits and getting married there. Made a reservation easily 24 hrs in advance. Seated immediately. Ordered the penne with sausage &peppers, and a Caesar salad also a Campari martini. S.o. Ordered a Caesar salad as well and the lasagna. The server was warm yet professional, and accommodated us politely. ( I have a very thirsty companion and prefer to not have onion anywhere in my food). I'm not a pasta fan but the pastas both were punchy with Classic Italian flavors, were perfectly cooked and heated. The bread basket had a nice mix of items. I'd def go back if we revisit Vegas again.
5	Words cannot describe the dining experience I had here. You can all judge from the reviews that is a high caliber restaurant. All I have to say is visiting and dining here with my wife on our anniversary was A DREAM COME TRUE. Not since Sinatra's passing in 1998 have I felt so emotional regarding ol' blue eyes. I teared up a little at the thought of  how amazing a man he was, how classy, sophisticated and talented. This place truly captures that essence. Bravo.
5	Family outing to Vegas for my moms 60th birthday. We were searching to dine with "Ramsay", but fortunately for us, Ramsay couldn't accommodate our schedule. So we searched for something new. So glad we did. Very nice dining experience. Double u O Double u....FOOD was great! As a bonus, Sinatra sang ALL night!! (Surprised?) We had a great time, ambience was FANTASTIC! I would highly recommend this place. Of course The Encore is great so, what a nice accompaniment - Sinatra at The Encore!!
5	What an experience!!!!If your a fan of Sinatra you have to try it at least once. From the moment I called to make a reservation until we left the restaurant we had a wonderful experience. Truly exceptional service. We had our son who is 5 and they very accommodating and made a spaghetti plate for him, the food was just delicious my Agnolotti just melted in my mouth.  Our server was very attentive and even opened the door that leads to the ladies room for me. The ambiance is just lovely. WE will be back very soon!!
5	Sinatra is by far my favorite restaurant anywhere! If you are looking for a quickie meal, this is not the place for you.  Dinner at Sinatra is a dining experience.  We've been told that the menu are all of Frank Sinatra's favorite foods.We've dined here many many times.  Before we moved to Vegas, we would fly in to dine here on special occasions.  tart with one of their signature drinks...so original and refreshing.  Hubby will usually have the Veal Parmesan or the Pennette.  Both authentic and delicious.  The Veal is massive and super tender.I'm a fish girl so it's usually the scallops or branzino.  Both incredible.  They have an extensive vegetarian menu too.  The couscous with ratatatouille is out of this world.The service here is impeccable. We always enjoy listening to how they describe the specials.  These professionals could make anything sound incredible. Always attentive and friendly.  For dessert, the lemon cheesecake with raspberry sorbet is my favorite and is as beautiful as it is delicious.  Make sure to ask about the crostata of the day.  They are always fresh and perfect.This is perfect for a business dinner, special occasion or if you just want to be treated to an outstanding dining experience!
5	Sinatra has a really cool vibe as soon as you arrive. There's a bar that's shows old Sinatra movies and you have Sinatra music playing in the background. My girlfriend is a huge fan of Sinatra so this was heaven for her. The food was amazing. I had the Filetto. It was one of the best steaks I've had. Cooked perfectly with the perfect amount of sauce.
5	We had such a wonderful dinner last week at Sinatra. We were in LV celebrating a birthday and chose Sage in the Aria for the birthday dinner and were so disappointed we went to Sinatra's the next night to make up for it and they certainly did.We were staying at the Encore and when making the reservation mentioned my friends birthday. As soon as we arrived and seated they handed him a birthday card.  Our waiter was so charming. We ordered the antipasto plate and the meatballs for appetizers which immediately erased the meal the night before.For dinner, I had the chicken parmesan and he had the special tortellini with artichoke. They were like soft pillows. The chicken was amazing and stood alone.For dessert we had the ricotta cheesecake which was light and airy.This was a dinner where the service, ambiance and food equaled each other in every way.
4	Such a special night for us. Loved every minute at Sinatras..... The food was delicious had the clams and they were so fresh- ate them all to myself. Service is warm and classy- Frank Sinatra would've loved this place!
5	Was so impressed with Sinatra.  The service was beyond what you would expect.  We were blown away with our drinks and food; it is hard coming up with the best words to describe it...phenomenal doesn't do it justice.   By far, the best dining 'experience' (and it is) we have ever had. We will be back.
5	All you need to know is lobster risotto and the Sinatra Smash. You must look a little classy to get into the main dining room. But you should add a little glitz when honoring old blue eyes. I have gone for just drinks at the lounge and it is not exactly relaxing there. Not enough room at the bar. But if you like a stiff drink and a romantic ambiance have a nice dinner in the restaurant.
5	From entrance to exit my experience was superb!  Best Italian meal ever. Appetizer: meatballs & polenta fries = deliciousEntree: Franks' spaghetti & clams= amazing Entree: chicken parmigiana = greatDessert: cheesecake = mouthwateringBeverage: cappuccino = perfect Oh and with your check you get  delicious chocolates and caramel candy.
4	Fantastic Italian meal!  Service was perfect! The chicken parm was huge and perfectly cooked. The lasagna was also amazing.  Good wine list and some serious cocktails, although it's too bad they can't make a proper twist. Ruins it. Too full for the desert list but the petit fours offered with the check were quite good. Can't wait to come back!
4	Food was excellent as always.  Perfect Caesar salad, the truffle pasta was our appetizer and it was killer (special for the night). Entrees were veal parm and lobster risotto, both outstanding. Match with a great  bottle of Italian red wine and delightful service. The only thing missing was a few more blackjacks. Ha ha
5	Once again, Sinatra didn't disappoint.  From the greeting at the bar to the Sinatra background music to his iconic pictures on the wall, it just puts you in the right mood.  After a cocktail, off to a window seat in the two most comfortable chairs of any restaurant anywhere.  A beautiful carpaccio and an order of clams starts us off, each presented beautifully.  Jay then brings our main courses...Branzino and Osso Buco.  Both are outstanding.  An incredible dessert followed and then we're off to dance.  Thanks to Steve Wynn for creating a culinary tribute such as this for Frank Sinatra and their friendship.  Great atmosphere....great food....great service.
5	Excellent food and service - highly recommend for that "special" dinner!
1	We went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday.We stayed at the Encore and SInatra's came highly recommended.....what a disappointment!!  We sat on the patio which was lovely, but the service was awful! Our server had no back up and she was serving 5 tables on her own! We waited 20min before we even were able to order a bottle of wine or cocktail. They were out of the wine we ordered ($52), so we had to order a more expensive bottle. We finally ordered the lasagna and the veal milanese..both house specialties...we were told. The lasagna was good, however our server offered to take it out of the casserole dish for me because it was too hot, but she never returned! The veal was awful and very expensive ($51)...it had absolutely no flavor and was tough. It was served with a tomato puree' instead of chopped tomatoes on the salad...it tasted like Campbell's tomato soup!We finally complained and then had several people come by to check on us. The manager offered to buy us a "moscato" after dinner..but it was too little too late. They ruined my birthday dinner for $235.00! I should add that we are in the (Italian)restaurant business in New York. We dine out frequently and travel extensively...with all of the great restaurants and chefs in LV, I would pass on this one!
1	Please take my review seriously. Do not go here for food.We arrived very hungry on a Thursday. A party of 4 for dinner on Thursday night around 8. We ordered chicken Marsala , penne bolonese, clams and spaghetti , Franks Favorite. All the meals were inedible. The meals should have been tossed by the kitchen staff. The manager removed our meals from the bill. An evening was ruined. Do something better with your time and money.Fellow yelpers, do yourself a favor, don't eat here.
5	You start to wonder whether anything in a Steve Wynn-managed property can be bad. Okay, I'll go out on a limb here - Sinatra may be the best of the bunch. While I can't think of anything I have eaten at Wynn or Encore that is anything worse than "excellent", that is a mighty noble feat. From the moment you enter through the sit down through the overall service, you cannot help but think that this is the way 'Ole Blue Eyes would have wanted to be treated. Never mind that there isn't really a bad seat in the place. Either you get a first hand view of the spectacular interior or the large portrait of the namesake that adorns the middle of the dining room. Choose to eat outside and get views of lush shrubbery and water. My group ordered all over the menu and it was like a tasting party - but one where you can't go wrong. Frank's Spaghetti and Clams.....Osso Bucco "My Way" (SO soft and braised by the gods. Even if Osso Bucco is not your thing, ignore. This is in a class by itself)....Branzino.....the prepped-to-virtual-perfection Veal Parmigiana. My own dish was actually the Lasagna "bolognese" which is actually served in a little pot which you must do everything to avoid wanting to lick down after you consume the contents. Pricewise, you can make it as expensive as you want to be but you can also spend in line with a "nice" meal and still be well fed. As as commonplace at Wynn/Encore, there is also a Vegan Menu. By the way, highly recommended is an opening cocktail. Well known is the Sinatra Smash (which can have with or without whiskey) but, especially if you like being a toastmaster, give the "Dream" a shot - a delightful mix of Grand Brut champagne and St-Germain elderflower liqueur. Vegas is now a treasure trove of dining but Sinatra is easily a place worth repeat visiting. By the way, there's a business casual dress code. You want to dress night anyway. Otherwise, Frank would smack you with his fedora... :)
5	Came here for the beau 30th birthday and he loved it. We had reservations, and there was still a wait but no problem. Everyone wished him a happy birthday and ensured the dinner was special. We can't wait to come again.
5	We came to this luxurious restaurant for my husbands 40th birthday and were not disappointed. The ambience, service and food was top notch. There wasn't a time where we weren't taken care of. They even made a special dessert which was out of this world. Definitely for special occasions. We can't wait to visit next time we are in vegas.
5	Great food, great service.  This was my second visit and it didn't disappoint...
5	I'm Vegan. Let's disclose that now. Okay, so Sinatra is my favorite restaurant in both the Wynn & the Encore. It really helps that Steve Wynn mandated Vegan options in all of his restaurants and the Chef's at Sinatra did not disappoint!Can't go wrong with a Caesar Salad and the Agnolotti!!!!!! We have tried several other dishes from the Vegan Menu and they are good, BUT, the Agnolotti left my wife and I mesmerized!The service excellent, the atmosphere is unbeatable, the music, the mood, and the food!!!Love this place!!!
5	I was really in for a treat when I was invited to a dinner for a cousin of mine for her birthday. This is a five star restaurant and it has everything that you could expect from a high quality establishment.First of all, the ambiance is set with the lighting and the music. In the background you constantly here the sounds of Frank Sinatra and many of his greatest hits dancing in your ear. The lighting is very romantic and intimate. The noise level was moderate but I really didn't mind.You have several people waiting on your table to make sure that your every request is satisfied. I had a glass of Prosecco that night but if you're unsure of what to have with your meal, there is a Somalia on hand to assist you with any of your wine selections. I was quite impressed to see how many waiters were attentive to our table in the event that we needed something.That night, I settled on an appetizer as my main course. I ordered the blue crab salad over tomato, cucumber and croutons. The amount of blue crab that they placed on the salad was amazing! The crab was light and sweet but not overpowered by the dressing. I also had a veal, beef and pork meatball with fried pancetta. Meatball was so moist and and cooked to perfection. A basket of various bread was also brought to our table. The assortment of bread varied from a rosemary herb bread sticks and a crusted Parmesan. They were paired with your choice of whipped butter or squash and black bean spread. Overall, I was highly impressed and will definitely be back. As with any restaurant of this quality, they spared no expense to make sure the ingredients and the service are of the upmost quality. Yes very pricey but worth it!
5	Immaculate. Outstanding. Perfection. These are the words to describe my Sinatra experience.  As I was eating I was thinking "this is the best Italian food I've had in Vegas." Towards the end i realized it was actually on the list of best anywhere. First and foremost I have to compliment Roger, our waiter. This guy was present, engaged and overall a complete professional. He was great with recommendations and pacing out the meal. They take care of their guests here and I just felt good with the whole transaction, even though it is pricey, there is serious value. For example, the bread they bring, if you told me it was baked in a Brooklyn bakery that morning, it would be completely believable. Or another example the silverware was actual silver. The glass they pour your water in sat well in your hand. The little things, the details, were all there.  I started with the vegan Caesar salad, with lemon and capers instead of anchovies. It was amazing, clearly every rib of romaine was hand selected for crispness and quality. The Meatballs with Polenta Fries app was mouth watering and delicious. Amazing and worth the trip just for that app. Had a strong Chicken Marsala over gnocchi for entree and desert was the soothing Panna Cotta. Bam. The vibe of the restaurant is early 60's mod with warm pastels and floor to ceiling photos of Ole Blue Eyes. Really interesting decor, they have one of Frank's Academy Awards next to the hostess station, along with a Grammy and an Emmy. If they can get a Tony it will be an EGOT. So yeah... I had an amazing experience at this spot. Go there.
5	The ambiance is classy. But what else would expect from a Steve Wynn property. From the moment we entered the restaurant we felt welcomed. Each staff member greeted us with a smile. Our server Dina provided excellent service and was supported by several associates that filled the water glasses and removed the empty dishes. Since we arrived prior to the restaurant opening, our experience started in the bar with some cocktails that were later moved to our table by the hostess.We had a very comfortable 4 person table next to the life like portrait of Frank Sinatra. Dinner began with a nice selection of breads. Our favorite was the date raisin combination accompanied with a basil flower butter spread. The choice of appetizer was Panzanella which consisted of jumbo lump blue crab (really big pieces), brioche croutons, tomato and cucumber. Just a fantastic starter.The entree of Branzino - Mediterranean Sea Bass was served on top of haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, tomato, yellow pepper emulsion salsa verde. This preparation of Branzino was the best I have ever experienced. The flavors were delightful and the fish filet was cooked to perfection.Our  other entree a 10 oz beef tenderloin filet with cipollini onions and mushrooms in a red wine sauce. The steak was prepared as requested well done. However for a well done steak this one was as tender and juicy as one with pink inside. A superb piece of beef. Dessert was Tiramisu served in a bowl with large chocolate slices on top. It was moist and full flavored. The finale was 2 complementary Petit Four. A dark and a light chocolate.Love it all. Service, Food, Atmosphere and Music. Next time we will dine on the outdoor patio. The patio looked inviting with the garden foliage and fireplaces
5	Just like the man the restaurant is named after, this place is pure class. ;By far the best and most professional service I have ever had at any restaurant. Upon arrival I was greeted warmly by the staff and immediately taken to our seat, where both our chairs were pulled out for us, napkins laid in our lap and we were addressed by name. Our drinks were never close to being empty and our plates were cleared and table de-crumbed immediately. We ordered the followingAppetizer:Prosciutto (Parma prosciutto, caramelized Bartlett pears,Parmigiana Reggiano) Best prosciutto I've ever had.. The caramelized pears and cheese were also very delicious. Dinner:Lasagna Bolognese- The bolognese was extremly flavorful and the meat was very tender. Best bolognese I've ever had. Chicken Parmigiana- Best chicken parm ever! Huge portions and the chicken was melt in your mouth. The marinara sauce was SO good. We didn't have time for dessert, but I'm going to take a wild guess and say that it is also delicious. If you are in Vegas, you have to try this place out. Great place for a romantic dinner!
5	Sinatra was an excellent restaurant. The service was amazing and the staff was friendly. Not only was our waitress nice, the food was amazing. We are very happy with Sinatra and we will definitely come back.#1
4	Had a great first class dining experience here. Made a reservation for 6pm and as soon as I arrives was immediately greeted and escorted to my table. The ambiance is very classy and romantic with beautiful lighting and music filling the restaurant.  Our waiter promptly arrived to take our order and answered any questions we had on the menu. They really make every dish sound amazing! Finally decided on the chicken Parmesan and my friend had their linguini. We tried some of each other's dishes and loved both! Worth every penny. You can really taste the quality that goes into the food.
4	We went to Sinatra's on Christmas eve this year. We have had good luck the last two times we have been here, however this time not as good. The two ladies I was with had the lobster risotto and were not impressed with it at all.The risotto was pretty bland and lacked a lot of flavor. There was also not as much lobster as you see in some of the pictures here on yelp.I had the veal chop and it was fantastic. We mentioned to the waiter that we were not happy with the risotto and he made up for it by bringing us three free desserts. A nice gesture for sure to try to make It right. That is the reason I am giving them four stars. In the past we have given them five stars because our meals were fantastic. My suggestion to anyone coming here is do not stray away from Italian bill of fare. The sauce is great and not overpowering and always deliver the goods.Ambience is always second to none, so enjoy.
