3	Finally got around to trying out Toast this morning.  It was pretty busy and we had about a 15-20 minute wait for a table.  They have completely re-done the interior decor - enclosing the formerly open kitchen, and repainting the interior to warm and homey colors.  When it was our turn for a table, we had the choice to eat inside our outside. Since the weather is nice, we decided to sit outside.  Unfortunately, we had a dirty table that was not prepared for us and had no flatware.  Our server came by pretty quickly to take our drink orders and brought a basket of cornbread, but still no flatware.  The cornbread was slightly sweet and tasted ok. But it would have been nice if they brought it out warm with butter in the basket. It would have also been nice to bring small plates for our cornbread. The menu had a decent amount of options for omelettes, scrambles, pancakes and etc.  The sides included grits, hashbrowns, or fruit.  They do offer turkey bacon as an option so I was pleased about that. I decided to try one of  the many specials... so I got the turkey scramble.  It included turkey, spinach, egg whites and gruyere cheese.  I went with the grits as my side along with whole wheat toast. The egg scramble could have easily been a bit bland...but it had nice texture and flavor.  The grits were not the best but were ok.While we were waiting for our food to come out, twice someone from the kitchen tried to serve us someone else's food.  This is not a great sign.   Also, they must have messed up the order of a table close by, because I heard their server tell them that they were taking $16 off their bill. I might rate the food 4 stars, but service overall was off and I would rate that 3 stars.   But if they correct some of the service issues, I think they can make this place a success.
3	We decided to try Toast today since we were on this side of town and there was a line outside the building.Hey, must be great, right? We were quoted 15--20 minute wait, but it was much closer to 35 minutes. Luckily, we did not have the hunger horns out.  It is a good idea to quote better wait times or you can have some unhappy campers. Once seated, we received service from a number of servers. We did not know if this is the standard or due to being newly opened. We tried savory and sweet choices. The food and coffee were pretty good. I agree with Julia M., that complimentary cornbread should  have been served warm with butter/  jam or something-- will decline next time.  We will come back and try some of the other entrees. Service was decent, but really slow. Hopefully things will get better as their feet are wetter.
4	If you like eating breakfast out, Toast is definitely worth a try.Toast (Rea Road in Ballantyne) just opened a few weeks ago.  My wife and I really like it and think it is a competitor in the breakfast/lunch category.  For breakfast they have a nice choice of omelets and not just the usual western, cheese, broccoli and cheese, etc. that most restaurants offer.  The omelets are perfectly cooked and folded and the ingredients taste fresh.  They also serve good eggs Benedict and have a nice choice of specials.  Our kids really like the pancakes, although they don't have a kids menu (but do decrease portion size).  Despite being new we have not run into any service issues and our wait time quotes have been accurate.
4	Service: A+Location: A - BallantynePrices: B+Options/Menu:  A+Food: AWhat a wonderful place!!  This is something that Ballantyne needs a little bit more of.  We are lacking good breakfast spots.  What makes Toast so unique is their menu and service.  It's not just the typical greasy breakfast spot that rushes you in and out.  You have healthy options if you need them and some extremely delicious dessert'ish breakfast choices.  Like numerous stuffed french toast options and omelettes galore!!  The tomato avocado cheese omelette was superb.  Big and fluffy with all fresh ingredients.  The wife and I will definitely be back and will probably bring some friends.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	After hearing great things about the other locations, I was really stoked to check out the new location at Robinson Farm in Ballantyne. It's a quaint location with plenty of seating and great for a nice breakfast, brunch or lunchy style meal. Made it in on Sunday afternoon around 1pm and it was packed. There was a small wait, but a table for two opened up in less than 10 minutes. All of the seating is spread around and a little odd for access/maneuvering. Not a huge deal. I ordered the California chicken salad and really enjoyed it. Lots of great flavors - goat cheese, walnuts, avocado, good greens and the dressing was fantastic. Really impressed with this salad. I'd order it again upon next visit. The downsides were the service and my wife's food. She ordered an omelet that had guac and I'm pretty sure the avocados were on their way out. Just a really odd flavor for guac that didn't seem right. We ended up removing most of it from her omelet and everything was fine. Just kind of odd. Also, the service was just a little slow. It was slammed, but our server didn't come back to take our order, refill drinks, or bring the check in a timely manner each time. It took about 10 minutes for him to come back to take our order and around the same each time after that. Not a huge deal, but an hour long brunch for the style that Toast is was a little much. I can't say I'm rushing back to eat here, but wouldn't rule it out completely. Think they'll get some things worked out after having a few months under their belts. Cheers!
3	After the previous resident closed (thank goodness), we were excited to find that Toast was opening here.The entry area is very small and is a bit nuts when busy, and for some reason the front door is super hard to open, and doesn't have a push/pull sticker, so they have a lot of issues with people not being able to get in or out easily.  Once seated (at a small table right near the waiting area in front--not very desirable), we were greeted and served.  The service was good, but not great.  The menu is decent with a good many options, and the price point is good.  The food was good and served pretty quickly considering how busy it was.Here is my issue.  To make it in this area with so many breakfast places, you HAVE to be extra good at something, or offer a menu that is different with some really stand-out items.  This had neither. Yes, the food was good and the space was fun, but there was nothing that made me say..hey!  This is my new breakfast spot.  It was just ok/average/good.   I was hoping for something like super service, or an unusual menu, or the food to be mouth-watering.  It lacked a bit in those areas.I will go back and try a few more things, but they have got to step up their game if they will survive here in Ballantyne.
4	Great service. Great food that was served fast (9am breakfast on an Tue). I had the avocado omelet with potatoes. Delicious!Atmosphere is simple in a good way. Not too much visual clutter.
3	I really enjoyed Toast, the simplicity of the menu an decorations was very welcoming! The huge dancing man in the Toast costume, didn't hurt either! People must really love this place we stopped in early Sunday afternoon and had about a 15 minute wait. When we were finally seated, just based on the amount of people I was excited to try out this place.Toast offers your normal brunch variety, eggs, omelets, salads, sandwiches and burgers. I decided to keep it simple and try the biscuits and gravy with a side if hash browns. The food came out quickly, and it was HOT! The biscuits were flaky and delicious. The gravy was like none I've had before, it was  delicious, creamy with a hint of spice after each bite. The hash browns were my favorite! They were potatoes seasoned to perfection then cut into pieces before baked and served...add a little ketchup and they were delicious! The only downside and the reason I didn't give more stars was based on service. Our waitress made me feel very rushed and unwelcome. Literally, we sat down, she took our drink order than asked if we were ready to order. No time to review the menu or ask questions about the specials or favorite dishes! We told her we needed more time and then after a long wait she finally came back for our orders. Once she took our orders, we really didn't get to see her again. I mean really...It was our first visit, so I will have liked to hear about some of the dishes;  maybe even some of her favorites or suggestions. Or just an overall "how did everything turn out?!?" would have been nice. However, the manager Brian did come over and thank us for coming in and asked how the food was...so a small redemption! So sure, I will go back, give them another try.
3	Finally got around to trying this place after eagerly awaiting the replacement for the awful Cafe Really.  I had high hopes after hearing good reviews from neighbours.Toast fell below my expectations.  I ordered the corned beef hash after the waiter recommended it.  I don't want to say it was out of a can, but it tasted like it.  Corned beef hash is hit and miss usually, so my I didn't have high hopes.  I ordered my eggs over-medium (they advertize that they only use pasteurized eggs) but they came out over-easy.  The hollandaise sauce was not great either.  It looked like my plate had been sitting a few minutes before it came out.  The wheat toast I ordered was pretty good.  Coffee was good.Others in my party ordered an omelet.  They thought it was good.  I tasted it and thought it was so-so.  The crepes were too sweet for the person that ordered them, but I didn't try them myself.  We also ordered a la carte bacon and pancakes.  Both were good.This brings me to one disappointing aspect of the restaurant.  Everything is a la carte.  So my breakfast cost me $9 for the hash, $2 for coffee, and $1 for toast.  I felt this was too much for what I got and the way it was prepared.  As another poster mentioned, the portion was pretty small. Service was really good.  Every staffer was friendly and helpful.  Water and coffee refilled often.  Staff are why I will try the place again.  I will also order something else and give it another shot, maybe at lunch too.I really want this place to succeed.  The little plaza needs them there.  I hope the owners increase food quality and portion, and watch what they charge.
4	I visit Charlotte a few times a year & I've been to the other 2 locations and wanted to check out their 3rd as I've enjoyed many meals at the others.  I was not disappointed.  I had the Left Coast BLT sandwich.  If you haven't tried it you should, it's fresh & delicious.  My daughter had the cheeseburger.  The staff at each place is always friendly & attentive.As I'm writing this review I'm glancing over at some of the other reviews and most people overall seem to like the place.  Oh, wait, there's one here, WOW...Charlotte F...did you go to a special school to sound that angry & bitter or is that a naturally, God given thing?  & I quote "Granted, it's location ensures it's main clientele are (rich) families and really fucking old people"?  Are those "bad people" to you?  Please, put a pic of yourself up & tell us the restaurant you work at so we can come be amazed by your food & obvious people skills or so all "rich families and fucking old people" can avoid you like the plague.  You say you're a chef at a restaurant, I have some experience working at restaurants too.  The way you spew your words out of that sewer you call a mouth makes me think your co-workers were probably required to remove their shoe laces & belts when they arrived at work as management feared they'd hang themselves with them just by having to work with you.  Anyway, I don't want to waste anymore time pointing out the obvious, what an unhappy C U Next Tuesday you are.For everyone else, Toast is a friendly place with good food.  I've mostly eaten at their Davidson location but enjoyed my meal here as well.Charlotte F....Do everyone a favor & eat at home.
5	Whenever we're up visiting Charlotte we eat at Toast.  We obviously eat at other places too, but Toast is our favorite.  The staff is friendly & attentive & the food is great.  My kids & I have eaten at all three locations & we recently tried their new location in Ballantyne.  I had the left coast BLT & my daughter had a cheeseburger.  There's a great variety of choices and should be something to satisfy anyone in  your party.  The left coast BLT was Excellent!!I highly recommend any of the Toast Locations.  We'll be back up there soon & will definitely have a meal or two at Toast.
5	Delightful Diner! I've had breakfast at Toast several times, and every time the service has been fast and efficient. I've always enjoyed my meal, as did my boyfriend, and the prices are decent. Its a clean and cute little place, and the hours are very convenient.  On one occasion, I experienced a small but ironic issue: the toast that came with my eggs was not actually toasted (at a restaurant named 'Toast')! I ended up pointing it out to our waiter when he came to give  the bill and ordered a bagel since I had eaten my eggs and was still hungry (great bagel, btw) and let it go. When the manager came to check on how we were doing he sensed my hesitation when I said everything was fine and he insisted I tell him what I was unhappy about. The manager sincerely wants everyone to be completely satisfied with their meal, and his genuine concern for my small issue made me feel like a valued customer (he discounted the bill and apologized for the ironic flaw). Try it for yourself. As far as breakfast places go, I think it's wonderful :)
4	A few lunches that were excellent.  Great menu, and I mean really, really great!  A myriad of breakfast and lunch choices such that you will have to force yourself to narrow down to four or five that you want and then experience the equivocation in selecting the final choice.They had a special of fresh lobster roll.  In Charlotte?  I was getting out there, feeling very brave and went for it.  It was amazing.  Two soft rolls literally stuffed with lobster, two, not just one.  I asked the waitress and she said it was 3 ounces of meat.  Very generous.  And the meat was all claws and legs, no shreds from the body.   Quite a luxury. And a yummy mayo kind of sauce.Soups are home made and are unusual combos.  The one I had once was corn, avocado and more, which was pretty scary, but worth having a bowl for a meal.  This experience is pretty common at Toast.Burgers are large enough that the wait people will discourage parents ordering one for each child.  Nope.  Split it and the kids can't eat all of that.  We big kids revel in these half-pounders.Coffee is rich and strong, like the big coffee shops.  Flavorful and the way coffee should be.I don't do desserts, but looking around at others who do became a temptation.  Am certain that the devil  has a part in those desserts.Breakfasts give you the standards, but also have clever, unusual choices which make breakfasts more than just a first meal of the day.  Served all day.Too bad it is just a breakfast & lunch place. No dinner service.One small note:  the wait staff work, very effectively, as a team.  As their menu states:  You don't have your waiter, you have our waiters.  Doesn't matter who walks by, you can ask for more coffee, a fork or whatever and they get it.  Your tips go into on pot, whether cash on the table or into the jar at the cash register.
4	I had been to the one in Huntersville several years ago for one of the best breakfasts of my life. Having just recently relocated down here, I was thrilled to find a Toast here in Ballantyne. Went yesterday, and the food is as good as I remembered. The specials are original and interesting, as is the menu. The food was FRESH and flavorful. And the service was outstanding. Also, loved that they feature artwork of a local artist on the walls. This place is a great find!
3	We were there for a late lunch.The biscuits were awesome!  The sausage gravy was very good as well.   Best part of the meal for me.  French toast was ok.  My son had a cheeseburger which looked good, although I did not try it.  The egg based dishes looked very good, but I cannot eat eggs so that was a bummer:(Our server was very nice, but he wasn't very on the ball.  The entire experience took longer than necessary.   That's why I'm giving three stars vs. four.  If in the area, I might try again, not sure.
4	The human toast waving at me on the corner of Rea Road and Williams Pond Road lured me in during lunch time and boy am I glad he/she did. A friend and I went during our lunch break an we were immediately greeted by a smiling host who allowed us to choose where we wanted to sit. As we sat down within seconds our waiter came and took our drink order and provided us with menus. My friend and I took one look at the specials menu for the day and knew instantly what we wanted. She ordered the chicken salad with strawberries, pears, almonds, brie, and other goodies and I ordered the crab salad rolls. The food was so delicious we hardly spoke. After our meal ended we were paid a visit by the manager who asked how our meal was. Our response, "fantastic!". I'd like to come back with my family and try their breakfast.
5	Great food and family atmosphere. Friendly fast service.  Healthy options for diners with specific requirements. What is not to love?
4	In reviewing the food, just the food, I'd give it all 5 stars.  I've been here twice and both times everything my party ordered was great.  We aren't the most adventurous crowd, we tend to stick to the breakfast basics, but they're still darn tasty.Service was a little chaotic and therefore slow.  People running around everywhere (literally).  I can't tell if it's the table layout, the training, or some combination of both.  If they can fix their service issues, I'd give them a 5 star review.
5	Creative breakfast items.
5	Great bacon is always the test of a breakfast place. Missing Skillet's, but Toast fills the niche nicely.
2	We went for brunch, the wait wasn't too bad, the food was good, but the noise level inside was unbearable. Music was extremely loud and the acoustics are very bad.  We could not eat our food fast enough, and had a bad headache by the time we got out of there. If we go back, we will sit on the patio!
4	Food and service were both great. Price ended up being a bit high. $42 (not including tip) for breakfast for 2. Pros:  Northwestern egg white omelet with fresh herbs, goat cheese and grilled onions was amazing.  Stuffed French toast was also very good. Could have used a bit more fresh strawberries, but overall flavor and texture was good. Sister said the crab cakes eggs Benedict with Hollandaise was also great, but I thought it looked very low on Hollandaise. If you like sauce, ask for extra. Bloody Mary was flavorful and hearty. Cons:  They were out of grits, but didn't tell us - instead just substituted hash browns. What breakfast place runs out of grits? I mean, come on... It's not like they're grinding the corn themselves.  Also, the hash browns were not what I consider to be hash browns. They were more like quartered baby potatoes. Big chunks of lightly seasoned and mostly cooked potatoes. I would pass on them if I had a choice. There was nothing here I couldn't make myself, but I would never be so decadent to do so. For that reason, I will be back.
5	The Potato bacon cheddar bisque will blow your skirt up!  I thought it sounded kind of gross but quickly changed my mind after tasting it.  They don't offer it every day thought.  They have great quiches and fresh fruit but all quiches aren't offered every day either.  They always have a special or daily feature and they post it on their Facebook page daily.  Their diced potatoes are excellent and the wait staff is so friendly, you won't have just one waiter ....  you'll have them all.  The only downside is the noise level in the restaurant, at times I feel like I'm yelling to my boyfriend across the table but the food is great.
5	5-stars for the best basic breakfast around. Want a couple eggs, sausage, and hash browns? Go to toast. You're not going to find anything super fancy - in my book breakfast should be basic and predictable. Pancakes, French toast, sandwiches and egg combinations are all awesome!
4	It is always good to see a business do it the right way and get rewarded for doing so. This restaurant does it the right way. My wife and I both had the Cobb Salad for lunch - it was excellent. This location has seen a couple of restaurants come and go - with good reason. They all had issues. Toast is showing that the location was not the issue - the issue was the product - as it usually is.Very nice. I didn't give it 5 stars because at one point it was too noisy to actually talk across the table. That might just be a bi-product of their success (they were packed) but it is still an issue.
5	If you really want to have a great breakfast,brunch or lunch you'll not find a better place to dine than TOAST.The choices are endless and whatever you decide upon will be a winnerThe service cannot be beat. Food comes out hot ,if that's what's required or chilled if it's to be cold.The staff is marvelous and everyone pitches in to make your experience wonderful.Brian and Patrick Burchill know what it takes to make a restaurant successful and it shows from the managers,servers and busing staff. The staff truly seems happy to be part of this winning team.
5	The Cali Benedict was out of this world. The potatoes, sausage, and the coffee were also top notch. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The only downside was that it was so busy for the Sunday brunch service, we had to wait about 20 minutes outside for a table. However, I will say  that once you've eaten here, it will become clear that it's busy for a good reason - the food is great.
4	Talk about team work and Awesome service & you would go wrong without making mention of Toast.. This place is a great combination if the model of team work & good customer service with good food for the most part. My Family & I have a weekly ritual to go to brunch every Saturday as part of our Family Day Fun.Today (Saturday - it's after midnight so yesterday) was our second visit. We returned for the good service & good food according to my family & myself for the most part. The only thing I had a problem with was my Banana Nut French. toast. I make it at home & I don't make it & put peanut butter with cooked bananas mixed with nuts (soggy may I add) in between bread & call it stuff French toast. I personally prefer my Banana nut French toast to be presented & prepared with the uncooked bananas & nuts on top of the cooked French Toast. If you prefer it made the way I described that it was made then "Go For It".. Our dishes are as follows (weekly routine after my mishap) & we are always pleasantly pleased..Egg White Avocado, Tomato & Parmesan cheese omelette (it is on the menu with bacon but I get it minus the bacon & add Mushrooms) with a side of Fruit &Rye Toast.Egg white veggie omelette with a side of Turkey Bacon, Cheese grits & Rye Toast..Breakfast sandwich with eggs scrambled hard with cheddar cheese, turkey bacon on White..The Bellini is AMAZING may I add..Great place for brunch which is the only thing we've had as a family or individually. Very nice to Enjoy the patio while its still weather friendly.. Bon Appetite
4	Toast is an excellent place for a weekend breakfast out. The service is very efficient and all the wait staff seems to work as a team (anyone will refill your coffee or fill any immediate need you may have). Prices are very reasonable and the food is above average, By that I mean their eggs, coffee, corn bread, fruit, etc. are all better than what you would expect from a popular price restaurant - most breakfast entries were $8 and under- but the fruit salad was as good as you have at home, if you had a well stocked kitchen. The place is perfect for young families as service is fast and prices are very moderate. Not only will your children like it but you can bring the grandparents as they will be the only ones who will recognize the music playing. If you find their food is not up to your very high standards then breakfast at The Gallery or Cafe Monte or Zebras and pay two times Toast's prices; for me Toast hits the sweet spot between quality and price,
5	Four star breakfast / traditional and modern American meals with flair - Cali Benedict is fresh and cool thanks to the avocados and tomatoes - they customized it to my taste and were very accommodating. I'll be back!
3	Thirty-five minute wait must mean something's tasty here. Good thing they have free coffee outside while you wait. Nice touch.I liked the atmosphere, like a southern hospitality cottage-type setting. It went well with the friendly service we were given by all of the servers there, since none are assigned to a specific table. They all work together to cater to all guests.We came for breakfast, so I wanted the stuffed French toast. Not a fan of pb, so I asked if I could get a Nutella & banana one instead. Wasn't a problem at all. Cool. But then when my food came out, it didn't look like Nutella. It wasn't as dark. I tasted it, and turns out they do a Nutella + cream cheese mix. Disappointment. I tasted more cream cheese than Nutella. Meh.3 out of 5 at our table ordered the corned beef hash. They picked the right thing. Definitely better than my french toast. Oh well.
4	This is a really nice, interesting place with great food. There is frequently a wait but they get you in as fast as can reasonably be expected and there's FREE COFFEE while you wait. . that's right... free.... coffee... what's not to love about that. The inside is a little loud for my taste but the food and the service are to notch. Mom had a veggie omelet that was delicious and I had some eggs benedict that were also delicious. (apparently the eggs benedict is a thing with them they had several different kinds). So yeah, be prepared to wait . . . have some coffee and enjoy yourself.
1	Great food. Good location.
4	I'm a fan of Toast.  I like the one in Dilworth, the one in Davidson and this one at Ballantyne.  I have had some things that left me disappointed but 9 times out of 10 I leave full, satisfied and NOT broke.  One of my favorite dishes is the peanut butter/banana french toast.  I mean, can you go wrong with that combination?  I also love their breakfast burritos and their scrambler skillets.  The one I tried this past weekend had jalapenos, cheese, and chorizo.  It was delicious.  I am also typically a fan their "specials."  They have very good crepes, specialty pancakes, quiches, etc.  They offer a wide variety of breakfast/brunch/lunch items and they are typically pretty scrumptious.The service is good and personal.  The owner of Ballantyne and Park road locations is a very nice guy that seemed to recognize us after only meeting us one time.  Our most recent visit to the Ballantyne location we met the owner's brother who is apparently the new manager.  He was VERY friendly and seemed genuinely interested in his customers.  I really like these fellas and their food.  That's all.  goodbye.
5	A top breakfast/brunch spot in Charlotte!I tried Toast for the first time recently and it lived up to the high ratings. It was pretty crowded when we got there but the wait was only ten minutes. There is also free coffee too while you wait. When you sit down they bring you a basket of cornbread with some cinnamon apple jam, it was very good. For my meal i had the "Cali Benny", a California twist on the traditional eggs benedict, complete with tomato and avocado. It was soo sooo goood! They poach your egg to your preference as well. I had mine cooked medium and it was perfect, runny but not too runny. It came with a side of hashbrowns which were delicious as well. I can't wait to go back! The lunch menu looked good as well, a large selection.
4	Our family recently moved to Charlotte and have not ventured out much for brunch.  The overall atmosphere and experience were very nice.  The food was good and waitstaff very attentive.  It was very busy at 9:30 AM on a Sunday, but we were seated immediately.We both ordered omelets and both were very good.  The fruit was very fresh and accoutrements well selected.  I will give them 4 stars and will revisit my review once we are able to visit more restaurants in the area.
5	This food is no joking matter. It is fab!!! Also surprisingly cheap for Ballantyne.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Toast Cafe for the first time on a Sunday, the wait was about 15 minutes. I ordered the Southwest Scramble which was very good and fresh! The cornbread that comes to the table was not warm but still very tasty with the apple jam. The owner's son even brought a dessert to our table for our first time visit. I will definitely be a regular at Toast Cafe!
2	Me and my husband went this morning after viewing many good reviews. The menu was confusing as to what "side items" goes with what. The flapjacks were good. This can be my second choice for the flapjacks. The first is still The Original Pancake House. We ordered western omelet which was boring. And it looks like they cook the ingredients separate then throw it together. The eggs are cooked and after that their throw the rest of the ingredients inside and slice of plain american cheese inside, which was barely melted. The house coffee was just ok. However, the service was very good. if we come back it will be for the flapjacks.
5	Wow!  New favorite.  Went for lunch on a Saturday and was throughly impressed!!  Very busy but easy to maneuver through and got seated right away.  I had the black bean burger wrap with avocado and pesto pasta salad- YUM YUM YUM!!!!!  Very fresh, flavorful and unique.  The service was top notch.  Several people would make sure our drinks were full at all times and would check on us frequently.  I'll definitely be back!!!
3	Let me start out by saying the Boy and I have been trying to find a new "regular" breakfast place, since we've just moved to the area.  This past Saturday we tried Toast as it was the next in our "Breakfast Places" list.  We got there and it was bit crowded, about a 10-15 minute wait for our party of two.  If you are anything other than a party of two, I would suggest you get there early.  We were seated and handed menus and our drink order was taken.  They must use a "team service" style model as the person who brought us our coffee was not the same person who took our food order, nor was that the same person who came to check on us later, but they were all friendly, and I didn't feel rushed.  We both ordered coffees and we were graciously given a basket of corn bread with apple butter.  The cornbread was good, the apple butter was good.  The apple butter ON the cornbread, not so good, but there was butter on the table so I didn't even have to ask for it.  I got an Avocado Omlette with home fries and rye toast.  The Boy got Spinach Quiche with fresh fruit and grits.  The omlette was good but it was huge.  It must ahve been a three egg omlette, I could only eat half.  The homefries were good, just what I was expecting.  The toast was toast.  It's hard to mess it up.  The Boy's quiche was the best quiche I had ever tasted.  It had spinach, feta, and olives.  It was AMAZING.  The grits were really good.  They had a coarser texture than some of the other grits we've had and really had a corn flavor.  All in all, we'll definitely be back.
1	Yep, no thanks. Service was great, but the food was far from it. First time for my entire group and we definitely won't be back. I'll stick with Terrace Cafe' for my breakfast. Even iHop is better.
4	This is placed is packed on weekends but the service is quick, the food prepared quickly and delicious too. I rarely eat breakfast out but I'd come back to this place if I didn't feel like cooking. French toast is awesome and the biscuits yummy.
4	Good, solid breakfast/lunch place. Why not five stars? Price... it's a little spendy for breakfast and lunch. Another gripe: include the kids drink in the kids meal price.. my daughter's pancakes were 4.99 and her lemonade was 2.99. That's flat out ridiculous. Make it 5.99 and you are still making money.Food is good, wonderfully presented. Whomever said their omelettes are "huge"... take a trip to Camellia Grille in New Orleans and then tell me if the omelettes at Toast are "huge". Toast's omelettes are reasonably sized and tasty. The side potatoes were very good. My only complaint was there wasn't enough.. and I don't mean they were skimpy (portion was fair), it's just that I wanted more!To the guy who said his IHOP is better... send me the directions to that IHOP because it must be the best one on the planet.
3	Cornbread taste good, but was cold, they should really warm it up before they serve it, it will sure gets a lot more points from me. Cornbeef hash was more hash than beef, I didn't like it too much. Crabcake was the best of all, fresh and good flavor, porch egg was good too, their hash was ok, it has a good seasoning, but again, it's cold. Overall it is a average meal for me. I don't mind going back, but definitely not in a rush.
5	I love this place! The staff is extremely friendly and they remember my husband and I every time we go! You are treated like family and the food is delicious! The best scrambled eggs I have ever tasted! I recommend this place to everyone!
3	Decided to try Toast Cafe for the first time.  I ordered the Egg's Benedict with hash browns and hubby ordered a western omellette with hash browns and toast.  If you mess up the hollandaise sauce, the whole breakfast is shot and this was definitely a terrible hollandaise sauce that was thin, runny and tasted off.  The hash brown portion was skimpy as well as greasy and tasted like they were reheated from another time.  Hubby's omellette was cold, but he did say it tasted good.  I'll give the servers 5 stars for friendliness.  I agree with other feedback that you definitely feel rushed to get out and free up the table.  The manager did stop us on the way out to ask how our meal went, but who wants to tell him the truth and make this breakfast experience even worse.  I would recommend having a questionnaire card on the table.  Would I go back there?  Doubt it.
5	Oh My!!! D-elicious.... The wait time on Saturday (surprisingly) was just 10min. Once seated, service was quick & very pleasant.   Most of the server's look so young.. (18 or under)....but, definitely knew how to keep the tables moving on a busy Saturday morning. Breakfast was very tasty... I ordered Crab Cake Benedict.. It was cooked to perfection.. Hubby ordered, the Southwestern Omelet w/chorizo, which was just as good... We also enjoyed the side red potatoes..seasoned just right.. Both happy and agreed that we will return for breakfast.. (bravo)
4	No wait on a Saturday . They give u fresh corn bread  staff was very on top of things and the food was great very fast .. There biscuits are so good .. Hears the think I like salt and so it wasn't horrible but some things were prob a little salty . But with that being said we will be back again and again
5	This place was great, large variety of breakfast dishes. I came for mother's day and there was a huge line outside, but wait was only 30 minutes. Once we were seated the staff was friendly and quick! The food was delicious, no complaints here.
4	Their pancakes and stuffed French toast are really good.  if you go on Sunday for brunch, they also serve you corn bread with apple jelly.
5	It took us many years to find a spot we enjoyed in Charlotte for breakfast. We got picky after living in San Diego for three years. Toast is excellent. Fast service and great food
4	Love this place. Service is spot on and the food is always yummy. Best thing is they have gluten free pancakes if your kid is allergic like mine. I wish the corn muffins were gluten free, my kid would love them.
4	We have been here several times for Sunday brunch. It's always fantastic and service is prompt and with a smile. They are always switching up the menu with new and fresh specials.
4	Great breakfast todayGreat serviceGreat foodFun atmosphereSimple...this place is a winner!
5	The food was good,  service excellent, and atmosphere great.   I liked the pancakes,  hashbrowns, and toast.  My eggs weren't cooked the way I wanted, but that was my fault.  They were   accommodated my son.  I  enjoy  here again.
5	My favorite breakfast place in Charlotte.The blueberry flapjacks are special here. Once in a while they are so well made that I don't even need maple syrup : Seasonal blueberries I guess.They serve a good variety of omelets as well. The northwestern with goat cheese and herbs is my default order (can't go wrong with goat cheese).They have a Lavazza coffee machine so cappuccino is authentic and strong, like it should be.Weekdays are best to go when tables are easy to get. Weekends can be crazy with a horde of people waiting outside and the place is jam packed. Free coffee for the patrons braving the elements makes it worth the while.
2	Same thing as Dennys at almost twice the price. Marginally decent food and service.  It was clean and food was pretty quick, even with a nearly full restaurant. Parking is horrendous when all the places there are busy.
3	If you are familiar with this area then you know the prices will match. The breakfast is okay. Potato hash browns are chunky, seasoned nicely. Unfortunately, it is a very small serving. Eggs are just eggs. The small slab of ham I added was fine too. You will pay a pretty penny for a small plate of breakfast and a nice ambience. I'm told they are franchising soon. May be good for the business but quality of food and customer satisfaction may decline. It happens. However, I did appreciate the freshly brewed cup of Lavazza coffee. Yes, it's quality and staff are nice.
3	The location is convenient for us, so we decided to give it a try, as we are on the hunt of an excellent brunch place in Ballintyne.  Also noted all the good reviews Toast had received, so we were optimistic. The restaurant was busy when we got there, but we were still able to get seated right away.  It has a casual family friendly atmosphere and is very clean.Our breakfast started off well. The coffee was good and so was the cornbread they brought out for the table.  But the rest of our meals was substandard. The waffle came out soggy, and the batter had too much of an egg batter flavor. It was as if they mixed up the crepe batter for waffle batter. The sausage patties were on the watered down bland side. My eggs Benedict were over cooked, and the hollandaise sauce was over the top with dill, and underachieved in zest. I don't think they do much scratch cooking in the kitchen. At least it didn't taste like it, and I didn't smell anything yummy coming from the kitchen.  And our table was close enough to the kitchen doors to have had smelled some food aromas - but there were none.  The manager took the waffle back to the kitchen and took it off the bill, and that was appreciated. Our waiter was attentive and our coffee mugs stayed warm and filled.  So those are the positives.  We may give it another shot, just to see if we caught them on a bad morning.  But if the quality is that of packaged reheated food, we will cross it off our list.
4	Free Coffee while you wait. Not a lot of seating, but great breakfast food. Blueberry stuffed French toast is amazing.  Ask for bacon crunchy bc they tend to undercook it.
3	Food was good, service was good but my goodness is this place expensive.  I can get as good of food and even better service at Victoria's in Clover SC for half the price.
4	I am in a networking group that meets every other week and we just switched our location to Toast Cafe in Ballantyne and I'm so glad we did. The food is delicious and always comes out super fast. The servers are speedy, friendly and very polite. I am a sucker for breakfast and can't seem to get past the breakfast menu but all of the dishes I've seen look great. The restaurant is located in a shopping center off of Rea Rd. and is pretty easy to locate. Parking is also a breeze as it's there is plenty to go around. Important point: All Toast Cafe restaurants take payment at the cash register up front. I always forget this and freak out when the server only brings one check to the table. I love the Toast location in Dilworth and now I love the Ballantyne location too. :)
4	A good variety of things to eat. The lobster Benedict for Sunday brunch was amazing. Love how the inside is decorated like a farm house
3	Ran in here on a very rainy Sunday about 45 minutes before they closed for the day.  Staff was very friendly and welcoming.  We enjoyed the buttermilk waffle (as a special, not on the regular menu) and eggs Benedict.  The waffle was OK but did not look complete as if kitchen hadn't used/didn't have enough batter.  Bacon was plentiful but a bit limp and not crispy.  The judgment on the Benedict was the eggs initially tasted of the vinegar used during the poaching process (not pleasant) but that flavor faded.  The hash browns are the big, chunky kind often described more as breakfast potatoes.  Be forewarned if you're expecting the shredded potato dish.  Meal was pricey ($35 plus tip for all of the above plus coffee, tea and two small OJs) so I don't see making this a weekly stop.  But for an occasional meal with someone special, I'd go back.
5	Came here for a late quick breakfast.food was very good and wait staff was quick and very helpful. This is a group type service, where all staff waits on everyone. Food came out quick and hot. I decided on a BLT,  a cup of cream of mushroom soup and hashbrowns. The BLT was very good. Bacon was cooked well and ratio of all parts were good. The soup was very good, definitely not a canned soup. Hashbrowns were made from red potatoes, different but very good. My husband had the mushroom burger. Was also very good, but it did come with mayo which was not listed on the menu. This would not have been a problem,  except he does not like mayo and would have asked for it to be left off. Overall we will return.  It's a great place for a brunch where everyone can find something to eat.
4	Really like Toast! Love that the community server approach where it seems as if every server is available to help you! The food is consistent and usually there are no hiccups in quality. I typically get the breakfast burrito where the scrambled eggs are moist and never dry.  Usually on the weekends, there is a wait for a table but they offer a small complimentary self service coffee station to hold patrons over until their tables are called. Bottom line, usually a solid choice for breakfast.
5	Love this place! My husband and I eat here regularly. The food is very good, and I feel it is reasonably priced.
5	We've been here a handful of times now, and we've kept going back because...the food is great, the service is great, and if you want a bloody mary or mimosa with breakfast they can handle that too.  In particular, give the "MBS" a try: Mushroom, Bacon and Swiss omelette.  Already looking forward to the next visit just talking about it!
2	I have been eating here off and on for 2 years.  My last two recent experiences are why I will not return. Both times we were sat and waited a while just to be asked for our drink orders. My food oder was wrong again and the food looked sloppy on the plate. I go out to enjoy the food and the time I am there.  This was not the case. It seems their standards in many areas have fallen. The staff has changed as well and it is not a good one.
