5	If you're tired of the Bud/Miller/Coors/Amber Bock choices around here then you have a GREAT alternative!  They'll have food soon and it'll be even better!!   This place used to be Desert Liquors here in AJ and they took over and renovated what I've alwayes called the 'please burn it down' Cactus Club.  Now it is a terrific place to hang out and has a superlative selection of beers and can take home whatever you like too.  Everything they have on tap is top knotch!  I used to have to drive to Mesa to find this selection and could rarely find it on tap.   I highly recommended it!They have regular beer tasting and other events that they publish on their facebook page:http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Handlebar-Pub-and-Grill/413937897673
4	I LIKE it! Theres a good feel here. It reminds me of a bottle shop in Oregon. The owners are cool and their idea is on point. The bottle selection is great but you come here for draft! There is a good amount of cider on pull and a mead or two as well. I think once they have the food set up, these guys will have a GREAT spot out here. If I want a good beer and I'm in the E. Valley, this is probably where I'll be drinking it.
4	Ok, Dont Laugh!  I know a Craft Beer Bar in Apache Junction is Hard to Believe.  Well, Better Start Believin!The Handle Bar on Apache Trail in Apache Junction is the Real Deal!  18 draft handles & 100% Craft!   Beers from Locals like Four Peaks, to San Diego brewery Ballast Point and even Belgians like SamichClaus can be had ON TAP at this liitle out of the way Diamond in the Rough!   I know of no else in town other than The God Fathers, Papago Brewing that has ever had SamichClaus on draft!  Very Very Cool. I had a long converstaion with owner Jeff regarding his chosen location.  He basicaly told me, "If I Build It They Will Come",  he was right.  The locals out that way are really embracing what Jeff & wife Alec are doing!  Honestly, I cant blame them! This is one cool little hole in the wall.  In addition to 18 craft handles, they had a brightly lit 3 door glass face fridge full of craft beer bottles & cans.  I could have sat there all night.  Imagine your Favorite Dive Bar then add Tons of real Craft Beer. Need I say More? I was having far to much fun to ask about Happy Hour or Specials, but on my next visit I promise to get the low down. That next visit, by the way, will come soon. PS. Did I mention Steel Tip Darts?
4	Four stars for great craft beers and wine selections, staff, and friendly clientele.  Oh ya... band plays thu fri sat nights (show your moves on the dance floor) and bbq grub is now being served. Don't let the lack of decor fool you.  The place is small but the atmosphere is huge.
4	There I was. IN AJ, I did not expect it...but here is a place with great beer! Awesome.Actually I did expect it. A couple of friends told me I should check it out if I headed out in that direction. We hiked the Peralta Trail in the Superstition Wilderness and then found the place a little distance away. From the outside, I was unsure. It looks like many other places seen from the road in AJ, like it might be open...Inside it is a nice spot! Well crafted bar with craft beer promotional schwag in full abundance. A cooler full of excellent beer selections, a chalkboard beer list and menu. Nice setup!The draft selection is phenomenal! I was blown away at some of the choices. I settled on the Rye Wine from Four Peaks, a buddy had the Lagunitas Pils, and Sarah had the Crispin cider (which they did pour on ice without having to be told to!). The burgers were excellent, the brussel sprouts were awesome! Crustini's are a cool little item, especially if there is a vegetarian in your group!The only downfall was that there was no chicken on the menu. Apparently they are trying to stay local, grass fed and organic. But no chicken is rough! We asked about wine, and were told there was wine...but never saw a wine list. Whatever, this place is sweet! It will be a regular stop when hitting the Superstitions!
4	This is a roadtrip type of place for sure.  Met the owners at a different place and they seemed nice so decided to check it out. Pretty good selection of beer, not as good as taste of tops or papago but better than 98% of the other bars out there.  Didn't try the food, just there for beer. Service was so so.  Wish the owners had been there and if they are when you visit give them a shout.
3	The dishes here are very well thought out, with fancy, unexpected specials being refreshed fairly frequently, and much of the food being sourced locally or at least grass-fed/organic.  The beer selection is fantastic, as well - especially for a little dive in Apache Junction!  18 taps, a cooler full of bottles and cans, and many local options are always available.  The owners, Alec and Jeff, are passionate about what they're doing and it shows in everything they do - from the wonderful beer dinners to the flavorful food to their inviting personalities.  I am only giving 3 stars because of the wonky hours (occasionally they're closed when the hours state they should be open - but it is a family business, and things come up sometimes) and the inconsistent service late afternoon/early evening when the owners aren't around.  Other than that, if you're in AJ or Gold Canyon, this is well worth a stop, for the beer, food, and cozy atmosphere!
1	hey i drove all the way from ne mesa because of all the good reviews got there at 5 after noon and this place was locked up tight the web site says open mon- thur 12 to 10pm what gives up date your web site ????
5	Heard about this place from a friend. For AJ to have such a treasure is a real treat. Food is excellent, with use of local ingredients. Extensive beer and wine  list that will take awhile to get through them all. Small place with music starting around 7ish (this was on a Friday). Everyone is friendly and looks like a total family run operation. Not a place for much conversation after the music starts, however. Doesn't look like much from the outside but don't let that stop you from experiencing this gem in AJ.
5	What can I say...we love this place!  Service can be slow, but the brews and food are really great.  While the exterior doesn't scream "great place", the inside sure is cute!  And, if you're lucky enough to be there when Ron is bartending, you're sure to have fun!  Our favorite stop in AJ!
4	They have a huge selection of Beer on Tap, evolving all the time. Awesome Burger!! Little spendy, but the burger was the best I have had in AZ. Free Range organic beef. Don't be in a hurry, this place is real chill.  Beer and Wine only, No hard stuff.
5	I have a friend that drives from Tempe regularly to visit Handlebar Pub and Grill. He claimed that they have one of the best burgers he has ever had!!! After finding the place and parking outside my wife had plenty of reservations about going in with our kids. I have to say that  once inside it was such a comfortable and friendly place. The owner made sure he checked on us through out our meal. Some of the beers on tap were limited release and hard to find in bottles. The burgers were among the best if not the best I have ever had. We will definitely be going back!!!
5	This place is awesome! I finally checked it out today, and now that I have a job in the area, I think I will become a frequent visitor. My dining partner and I each chose a beer from the great tap selection. They have a lot of unique taps, things that you don't see everywhere. I chose the Fox Barrel Pear Cider. I am somewhat of a hard cider snob, and so many places just play it safe and have Angry Orchard or Woodchuck on tap. I love that they have something a little different for us cider drinkers. My dining partner chose a Belgian beer, of which they have many, and he really enjoyed it as well.We weren't planning on eating, but after seeing the food menu, we had to try something. I was really impressed with the different ingredients they use and the choices in local products. We chose the bruschetta, which was delicious. It was like a caprese salad on slightly toasted bread. It was slightly expensive, at $10 for three medium sized pieces, but it was very tasty.The service was great, too. I'm guessing our server was the owner, and he was handling the dining room and bar almost entirely on his own. The service wasn't slow at all... we barely had to wait for service, our drinks, or our bill. He was holding his own, for sure!We will definitely be back to this place. I'm thinking next time we will try some more of the food, maybe get a full dinner. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Great beer,  food and service!
5	Don't judge this book by its cover, the inside it amazing!  The service was a little dicey at times, but they were both PACKED and changing out kegs.
3	I'm not sure how to rate this place.  We tried on several occassions to go but they never seem to be open or they weren't serving food so we started calling first and we caught them open and serving food! So we rushed over as we only live a few miles away.  The place is much nicer than the old Cactus Club but it is still very small.  It has about 6 tables at the most and 7 or 8 bar stools.  The cook was grilling out back and it smell wonderful! THe tables were all full except one...perfect.  We ordered 1 Budwiser  ( we are not beer drinkers) 1 wine and 1 water.  We got them about 10 minutes later.  We ordered 1 pulled pork special, 1 green chili burger and 1 peppercorn burger.  It's been 25 minutes, drinks are gone and we are still sitting without food. If the waitered hadn't been so funny I would have been upset.  He was the bright side to the wait.  Finally we got the food about 35 minutes later. The waiter was very apologetic.  THe menu says everything is from local growers and ranchers so maybe they had to go round it up. All the burgers are 12 dollars and the pulled pork was 12 dollars, you get either a spring mix salad or bleu cheese potato salad.  There are no condiments on the table, no salt or pepper.   The pulled pork was wonderful! But it said it came with a wonderful sounding cole slaw that I never got.  That's ok it was great without it.  Nice bark yet tender and not something that sat in a crock pot all day.  Left a wonderful smoky after taste.   Best I've ever had.  My son liked the Green Chili burger, my husband said there was nothing that made the peppercorn burger worth 12 bucks and he said he didn't taste any peppercorns at all.  So 3 sandwiches 2 drinks (domestic beer Moscato wine) 52 dollars.  Ok ...so they need to get it together and be open when they say they are.  They need to be able to cook and serve more than 1 table at a time.  (their grill is the size of one you might find in a back yard.) If they are gonna charge those prices for a burger it better be a damn good one, served in a timely manner and with a decent side dish.  ANd they need to leave the pulled pork alone, it's excellent.  I understand their beer collection is fantastic, but we aren't beer drinker so I'll just take their word.  I'd have to say this place is a mixture of yuppie vs. dive bar vs fine dining  vs. Burger King
5	I will start with why I am giving The Handlebar 5 stars...because there is absolutely nothing in Apache Junction that can compare to the food and drinks that are offered here. Also we are regular visitors and have literally been going since the first day they were open and my husband and I  were riding by on our bikes. Not only have Jeff and Alec brought something much needed to Apache Junction, but it has been received so well here in our community, a glimpse that we are constantly improving and willing to be better, even I was worried. A few tips if you have never been, do not show up here starving, the food often takes time and to get a drink you may have to approach the bar and order, really not much of an inconvenience being that the place is about 20 ft wide. If your not sure what you are in the mood for, they are always willing to let you sample a few beers that caught your attention. As far as food goes, I love the burgers, they are juicy, made with quality ingredients and large enough for 2 adults to share. I can't wait for them to bring back two of my favorite salads, the Panzanella and the Watermelon-Feta, fingers crossed.Go check it out Thursday-Saturday for GREAT live music (when they are most busy) and anytime for the yummy brews and eats. One of my favorite beers: Kasteel Rouge, a sour cherry Belgium.
5	Best burgers, bar none.  Best quality meat.  Bar none.  Incredible blue cheese potato salad and the greens are what you would want - no iceberg in this place.Beers galore and plenty of wine to choose from.My husband and I LOVE this place.  The music is also great.Unique, unusual and one of a kind.
5	As much as I loved Handlebar in the past I'm glad to report that the new owners have kept the same craft beer pub feel but are adding some features longed for by Handlebar lovers...like more predictable hours and even a patio in the future! I was not happy to hear that Jeff and Alec were selling but my fears were unfounded as they chose the perfect new owners and AJ gets to keep its local treasure! Love and Godspeed to Jeff and Alec and WELCOME to the new owners!
5	If you are in Town or looking for a quaint little pub - stop by and visit the Handlebar Pub !! The new owners have great plans for this place and it is good hands to make this place really hop!!! They now have a regular menu of food along with their great selection of beers!!! Best of Luck Candice and Dennis!!!
5	Their burgers are amazing! I had the mushroom burger with a side of asparagus and brusel sprouts, they were great!
5	I've got to say handlebar is one big secret in Apache Junction. Great food, excellent beer, and a beautiful atmosphere. This place is a must try once in your lifetime pub and I promise you'll be back for more!!!
4	New owners since my last review.  Food and beer great: service not so good. But they tried
5	Pleasantly surprised! Don't let the outside fool you. Great atmosphere, food and service. Will definitely be back
5	This was a great find in Apache Junction since there are limited places to eat. The service was amazing therefore a big shout out to Heidi that served us. They had live music on a Saturday and it was the perfect volume.They have a great beer selection and will let you sample a beer if you're not sure you'll like it. The burgers were fabulous! The salmon had a great presentation but was a bit over cooked. I am not letting that affect my review.
4	Oh my word I gave Handle Bar a second try and I was sooooo glad I did!!! They listened to my first review and placed seating that were not stool height... Wow thank you The Beer Experience was the best ever & I mean the Best ever and I visit Brewery's & Pubs all over :) they have a sampler board you must try! The steak was prime & tender the salmon was great. The dessert cheesecake was even real & good. Only recommendation I still have is that rather than sitting twenty -thirty minutes that someone greets you or comes by and says we will be with you soon. I went up to bar and when David behind the bar took care of us it was all forgotten as he was exceptional and gave us A+ care. I will go back My first review a few weeks ago:Went in to sit there was no place a disabled person could sit indoors because the seating was all high bar chairs. No one said anything as we came to try to sit in one of the chairs. The beer list looked great the steak smelled awesome but we had to leave because we could not be greeted nor seated. Went next door to eat.
5	Unbelievable gem in Apache Junction!! Great beer selection and awesome service. We even ordered food after we had just eaten dinner because they serve only local farm fresh beef and produce! Great place to spend my money!
5	A family of six went there because of reviews on Yelp. Glad we did. The outside was not much to look at but don't let that fool you! It's a local hole in the wall place that is outstanding. The food was quite tasty and the service was friendly and they had good music. I liked the smoky flavor of the potato skins. The menu also includes brussel sprouts with a balsamic reduction sauce, now that's not something you find too often in a bar, great paninis, burgers, and amazing wings! The bar had a huge selection of beers, some I've never heard of, and they display their beer tap handles in a unique way! Don't overlook this place, it's definitely worth stopping in and trying it out!
5	This place looks deceiving from the outside, without question - inside it's an amazing setup of taps, a very well thought menu, and too notch service. I've yet to to eat anything on the menu twice - the blue cheese potato salad is AMAZING and I think the burgers are top notch. I tried the stuff pepper last time, and it was ok-ish, but I'm not a stuffed pepper kinda guy. I ordered to try something new!  I've been here at least 5 times and I will continue to be a repeat customer because this place does it right!!
4	Dinner and a little light music.  A place you would typically drive by as the outside is sparse back in the day it was a biker bar.  This place is a gem the owner is very laid back.  The menu is short and sweet.  They have a grill outside where everything is cooked.   It's like upscale pick nick food with a twist. The burgers are great, on the nights they have specials the salmon was fresh and cook perfectly.  The best is they have maybe 15 handles of all different crafted beers, that they rotate.  Some nights they have music, so far the two bands I have seen have been fun.You have to try this place one time, and if you do I think you will keep coming back.
5	Last night our group of 10 ate at The Handlebar Pub & Grill and all 10 of us gave it a 'thumbs up'.  We ate on the patio ... nice ambiance (and warm heaters for when it cooled off), good menu variety, great food and an efficient and fun waitress, Mary Lou!!!  The music piped out from inside the restaurant was good background music too.  All in all, a fun/good experience and we will be back often.
2	We have been coming here 2-3 times a month.  Usually on Thursday evenings, but have been to the brunch and there on the occasional Friday night.  This past Friday night we specifically went in to try this burger they posted earlier with 1lb beef, pile of pastrami, and pepper jack cheese.  First one came out with Chili Peppers on it.  Sent it back don't like the taste or smell of the chili peppers does something to my stomach.  Yes I know the cheese has peppers in it but it's processed and not a whole chili pepper.  Second attempt comes out with no pastrami (well one little small piece that looked like brisket) and bacon on it.  After that we gave up on the burger that looked so good on their FB page.  So moved on to the pastrami sandwich, as described on menu, pastrami, cheese, sauerkraut.  Guess what no sauerkraut and the pastrami well it's more of a brisket not pastrami.  When the owner Dennis came over because I asked for him he treated us like it was our first time in there and that it was all our faulty.  Said oh it must be you because no one else is having issues with their food tonight.  This was after the bartender told us it was a new cook.  Well new cook or not train them to cook as you describe on the menu.  Oh and treat us locals as that your regular locals that will carry you through the Summer when the area's snowbirds have vanished.  We won't be returning to this overpriced place for any food anytime soon.  Also just because we met someone there sat next to them and ordered doesn't mean it's all on one check.  Yep they put it all on one bill pointing out to our friend that only our beers were on their they didn't charge for the food screw up.  Overly priced for what you get in the first place other than the beer. The bartender at least offered to buy me a beer for their mishap, should have been the owner/manager offering.
5	Always great!  Makes you feel like you could be in an Artisan town!  Great selection of beverages and fresh food!  Best kept secret in AJ!  Shhhhhh....
5	So, I live in Apache Junction, and one night, I was thinking, "I could really go for a good craft brew..."  So I look on Yelp, and find the Handlebar Pub and Grill!  It was too late to go that night, but I visited mid day the following week and had a great sandwich and a beer.  It's definitely a well kept secret...  The place is just comfy, and clean, with friendly fun people working and hanging there...  I love it...  :)  OH!  and...  any bar that has dessert is a friend of mine, their brownie is awesome!
4	What a neat surprise. A sunday night soft jazz and good smoked meat food. Casual dining but don't be fooled by the space when u drive by. Do not judge a book by its cover. A small place with out the jazz of bright lights can fool you. Apache junction has surprises with food and entertainment. Come and try it Pat and Dick
3	We visited on a Saturday night as a group of 8 for a friend's birthday dinner. We sat on the newly added spacious patio, which was desperately needed due to a lack of room inside. I ordered the recommended smoked chicken salad, it was just a chicken salad, not really anything special. My husband had the grilled cheese and blue cheese potato salad, once again just average food. The service was slow, but we have never come here in a hurry. Drinks were forgotten pretty often, but we just kept giving friendly reminders. My husband took matters into his own hands a few times and just went to the bar to get another beer from the large selection and a pitcher of water for the table that never arrived. Then things got worse. :( We asked for our check at about 9 and were told that it would take awhile to get them all figured out....umm ok, I guess. Then we kept seeing the waitress "around" working, yet not ever calculating our table's tickets. She was washing glasses at the bar at one point and everyone started getting really impatient at about 9:30. It got pretty chilly out and we headed inside to wait at the bar. It felt like we were going to have to practically beg to pay our bill. As we sat down and asked for our check AGAIN she said oh I will buy you guys a drink while I figure them out, I politely said I don't want another root beer, thanks, I want to go home. She then proceeded to give my hubby another beer and disappeared again. Now I was finally getting frustrated! She returned with an attitude and with help from the owner, started actually adding up our bill, handed it to me. As I was going to look at it she snatched it out of my hand, gave it to the owner and walked away. We then asked the owner what that was all about, she said the waitress gave us the wrong ticket. The owner then apologized for the long wait. I let her know that I can deal with a long wait but rudeness is inexcusable, especially after we waited 45 minutes in the end. All I know is the next time I go back I will make sure I don't get the waitress with the short brown hair.
5	Very surprised; stoked even. Stop here and get a beer from this pretty unassuming spot.  They had a surprising selection of solid AZ and CA microbrews.  The food was awesome too. I'm vegetarian, and so the options were limited for me, but I don't hold that against a place that cooks EVERYTHING on a huge grate-grill.  The other folks I was with got some meats that looked awesome, and that they were really happy with.
4	Vote with my butt!I just keep putting my butt on the stool here, it's really that good! Vote with your butt too!This is a small place so please stay away on friday nights for the pecan wood smoked ribs, I love Em' and don't want to fight you for a stool!
5	Excellent burgers , gourmet sides and frosty cold beer.  Awesome beer selection . Friendly staff, great service highly recommended . A stop we make make after hiking.
5	I've never hung out in AJ until my friend took me to the Handlebar. What an awesome place to go for beers and food. The staff was great, very nice and atmosphere was a lot of fun.  The blue cheese potato salad was the best ever!!  Live music on the weekends just completed our entire visit.
5	So happy to find a good bar and grill in Apache Junction.  Great food and good selection of beers on tap. The building is old but clean. This is a rare find in AJ
4	Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon. Great beer selection. Food was really good. We shared the steak, pepper & onion sandwich with potato skins. Seems like a really cool, fun place to hang out. We'll definitely be back to check out the music scene.
5	Best bar in the Far East valley. Excellent selection of craft beer on tap and a menu that is so beyond your average bar food fare Plus a relaxed atmosphere and fun staff. They have a nice patio (for cooler times of the year). Don't let the somewhat plain exterior fool you - this is a wonderful jewel near the Superstitions.
5	This place has the best selection of micro beer on tap. I have had everything on theirmenu and it is all excellent. It is by far the best place in AJ to dine.
4	Great food and excellent selection of beer. Pastrami Panini as well as Southwest Panini are awesome choices. You can fill your Growlers here too!!!  Will definitely come back for another experience. Only issue we had was Saturday afternoon was very busy and only 1 person was serving bar, patio and inside tables.  Although bartender was doing best possible, at times we waited up to 15 minutes to get drinks. Advice: get a server (regardless of time of day) for patrons at tables and let the bartender stay behind the bar to serve patrons seated at bar and pour all drink orders. If they don't add a server, just be patient and don't be in a rush when u come in for this experience.
5	This place is delicious and clean.  I found out about this place after buying grass fed beef from a farmers market and hearing that Handlebar serves it.Every time I go I get the steak sandwich, it's not on the menu but it was a special one night and the wait staff said it can always be ordered. I also get the salad and their balsamic vinegarette is so good. Plus their lettuce isn't the crappy iceberg lettuce it's actual good nutritious lettuce. My husband has tried the burgers and said they are very tasty.If you are in AJ you should definitely try it out, it's one of the only good restaurants in town!
2	Went to Handlebar this evening and the service was horrible! We sat down at a table and people who sat down after us were waited on, so we waited a little longer and finally decided to go sit at the bar.  At the bar we got drinks pretty quickly and ordered food; however, the guy at the bar was not friendly to us.  He was chatting away with the ladies next to my husband and I, but he never asked how our food was.  He gave us the bill and didn't say anything. He ran the card and still nothing. You would think for our hard earned $45 he'd at least say "thanks" or "have a good evening".Errrr! This was one of my new favorite food places and now I don't want to go back due to the service.
5	Wow! What a great find!! I finished training a group today and a fellow trainer and I were looking for a place  to have dinner before we left the area for the airport. We went on to Yelp and thought this would possibly be good. It exceeded my expectations. I wish I lived in the area to visit more frequently! The burger was spectacular!!!!!
4	We were invited to the Handlebar by some friends.  My wife and I each had a burger and some beer.  The waiter was great, the service was amazing, and the burgers were very, very good.  The owner was walking around asking his customers how their experience was going.  He was kind and truly seemed interested in the feedback provided.  The patio is great and the inside has a lot of character.  We will be back for sure!
4	Awesome place, quaint, nice people. Good rotating beer list. Very good food. Brisket sandwich awesome. Menu not one you would expect in a bar/pub setting.
3	The Handlebar Pub and Grill is Apache Junction hotspot if you're looking for free food and cheap beer. You don't even have to buy a drink and they are giving out hotdogs all day everyday.
4	Solid dive, great prices for Apache Junction, surprisingly unremarkable crowd. Cool back patio w/ large screen and decent music.
5	Nothing like it in Apache Junction! This place really understands the customer $. All the food is cooked using an outdoor kitchen. Always fresh never frozen, items are smoked to perfection. Great burger, wings, and ribs, and nothing is ever fried. My wife and I ate lunch with beer, zookies and a tip for 30$. Also very kids friendly, give it a try and you won't be disappointed.
4	Ok we have returned a couple of times lately.  Although not snowbird season we have been given great service and the food well some of the best burgers you can get in A.J.  Love that we can get good craft beers.  Hope to stay a fan through the Winter Season!!  OH and if you are a parent and you have older kids, If there is room at the bar they will ask others to scoot down to make room for your family to sit together. Our teens loved they were able to sit at the bar and eat dinner and have soft drinks with us as all the dining tables were full and it was too hot that evening to sit outside for us.
5	This place rocks ! Amazing food & great selection of beers & wine ! Not your average AJ bar ! Check out their FB page !
5	Since we had a meal there we find it difficult to even want to go anyplace else! Theyhave G.F. buns available for thoseReally Amazing Burgers they make ..I'd go just for Burgers . The rest of the memu follows suit ..just lovely ..  Theowners and staff .. couldnt ask for more.I do not drink.. But my husband is thrilledwith the imports ...always something newadded .. I would and do send anyone whowants a fine meal to Handlebar ! Mostnights they have live music . I love the place!!!!
4	Food great short menu service great and friendly maney beers on tap Just a great neighbor hood bar
5	Great food great beer on tap and nice people! Wish there was a little more seating because it can get crowded but good place overall.
5	We stopped here on our way back from a long day on the Apache Trail.  Both my husband and I ordered burgers.  They were SO good and the sides were just as good as the meal.  I got the carrots and snow peas in a balsamic reduction.  It seemed like an odd offering for a pub, but I gave it a try and was so glad I did.  The smoked potato skins were great as well.  Highly recommend... wish we could bring this place back home with us.  We would eat here all the time.
5	I can in on Thursday night Hans Olson was playing I haven't seen in years makes for a good evening. If you want bar food just stop and eat on your way this place is amazing great food service and beer all in a plain brown wrapper. To be selfish I would say don't go but in reality it will surprise you but come early
5	Sitting outside enjoying the patio! Great Saturday night special beer flights steak or salmon. Love love love this place
5	Great food. Amazing beer and wine selection. Awesome atmosphere. What more could ya ask for?
2	The food was decent but employees smoked 4 feet away from our table while we were eating. Kinda ruins the taste of a &14 steak!
4	We came back!  We had heard how improved it was with the new ownership, so we decided to try it again.  Great food and great music!  The staff was fantastic! and very very attentive!  Huge difference!  We tried their seasonal Octoberfest menu they had and LOVED the German Pizza!  We also had the ribs which were very good.  Although we didn't sit on the new patio sitting area, it looked very nice and look forward to trying it now that the weather is cooling off!  Great selections of food and beers!!
5	I came here a couple months ago while I was visiting my family and I can still remember how delicious their burger was and have compared each burger I've had to it ever since. I got what I thought was a risky choice - a tomato-mozzarella-avocado-balsamic burger concoction - but it completely worked and was crazy delicious. Just the burger meat itself was so tasty and of such good quality. The place is pretty unassuming - you'd never think such a great meal would be waiting for you there, but it is!
4	Really loved the hospitality of the server, they were quick, attentive and funny! I really loved the food. We were a table of 10 and I really think they did a great job making sure we had what we needed. One thing I might add was that most of our burgers were not cooked as requested. Many of us got rare instead of medium and well done instead of medium rare.  I ordered steak very rare but it was medium well. It was so good nonetheless! The ambience outside is amazing for a fall dinner with your loved ones and had a nice country feel to it. I would definitely recommend to whomever comes out to Apache junction!
5	Great spot to get craft beers and tasty food to go with it. Smoked wings are amazing and they are always changing their brew selection.
5	Great beer and extremely friendly staff! And owners.  A true diamond in the rough! If kyle is cooking expect everything to be cooked to exactly how you wanted it. Also so many side options Brussels sprouts yuck?? Nope they are amazing grilled with a balsamic glaze. Everything is great here.
5	This place is amazing.They have the best gluten-free menu I have seen in a restaurant and they're regular, gluttonous food is amazing.Must-tries are the peppercorn and green chilli burgers and they're sides couldn't be more authentic if they tried.Also, the atmosphere is wonderful and they're beer list is one of the most extensive in this part of AZ.Can't fault it.
5	Previous reviews tell it like it is - this place is a diamond in the rough.  The dry rubbed ribs    were some of the best I have had and the grilled brussel sprouts an interesting and delicious side.  We came for the craft beer selection and we were not disappointed.  Appears to be a locals hangout and good vibe with a local musician providing entertainment.
4	The only microbrewery in town.  Totally great atmosphere, everybody there was pleasant -conversations all over the place. Food was amazing. I will definitely comeback. So many different selections OF BEER and wine.
4	handlebars is a good place to eat if you like bbq and burgers. All the food is cooked on an outside grill. I had a grass fed beef green chili cheese burger and it was very good.
