5	I love this place Kelly is a great waitress the menu is full of great choices. I ordered the #1 which I recommend. The French toast was the best I've had here in Phoenix. The bacon was cooked perfectly and the prices are great.
5	What a great breakfast place. Very impressed by the quality of the food and the welcoming atmosphere! If you are in the area do not miss it.
5	I've eaten breakfast at all the big ones... Matt's, Over Easy, Good Egg, Scramble, etc. You won't find the artisan breakfast here, like asparagus and capers and salmon. You will find basic breakfast staples done very well at a great price point. Fresh squeezed orange juice which comes with a free refill, great French toast, large omelettes, and a small appetite menu. Decor is very clean and unpretentious. Service is very prompt and courteous. This is our new breakfast spot for a quick and good breakfast.
4	Really nice and warm place to take the family or just yourself.  Awesome food and get the Big Breakfast sandwich and ask for the wheat bread as a substitute.  Would have given 5 stars but this place will need Free Wifi being a new restaurant.
5	I have been here twice now. It's super good. They did a great job remodeling the place. They use a lot of local ingredients so everything is super fresh and yummy. My wife even bought the strawberry preserves they get from Tucson and she's not even good at eating sweet things. Now if only the rest of the strip mall could class up their act like this place, we'd be in business!
2	We have been here twice now.  We were told about it from a friend and we are all about trying new places.  Ok, Food good - thank you for organic and fresh squeezed OJ.  However, your staff lacks personality and they seem to be  "deer in the head lights". There is a difference between a Server and an Order taker. So, far both times we've had Order takers.  "Hi, are you ready?"  Opposed to:  Hello, how are you guys?  Have you been here before?  Let me tell you about our daily specials and let me recommend a few of my favorites. Nope, we got, are you ready? -- both times.  Going to the counter to pay, again no personality, lifeless humans standing there doing a job.  Manager(s), you may want to wander around and do table checks. I can tell you want this place to do well, but, with your LIFELESS staff, it's going to be a stretch to be successful.  I mean --  jeez, even at Denny's we get some personality.  There is no personality here -- zombies, taking orders and doing a "job."  Just because your organic, doesn't mean you need have lifeless attitudes. Say hi, be fun, enjoy your customers, look people in the eye, check up on tables regularly, and when its time for your NEW Clients to pay their bills --  this is when you should be asking your NEW clientele, "How was your experience?" We will try your restaurant one more time, but if it's the same next time - No more repeat visits for us.  For those who know good service -- it won't take long for  people to spread the word.  So,  Are you amazing or below average?  You choose. Right now, Your below average. I hope you'll take this review and "Step it up!"  Its very fixable right now.  See you next time......I pray you can "step it up" and bring some personality to your service staff. Right now, it's stale.
5	After one visit, I have decided this is my go to place for breakfast. Very reasonable price, good food, great service. I couldn't find one thing that they need to improve on. Hopefully they will extend their hours in the future.
5	YUM!!Everything we had was delicious and it was so reasonably priced.Fresh squeezed orange juice and free refills? Yes, please!Kids meals for $2.50!Everything was so fresh, too!Our waitress was very friendly.SUPER cute remodel of the place too, from what it had been before!!We will be back, this is our new breakfast spot!
5	VERY impressive. They've only been open a month but everything runs smoothly. It's a family owned restaurant and Dustin, one of the sons, was very friendly and a great server. Nothing like being waited on by an owner. They have fresh squeezed orange juice (a must in my opinion) organic (!) for $2.95, and it comes with a free refill! We got the Popeye Omelette, which had spinach, mushrooms, and bacon, and was very tasty. The potatoes that came with it tasted like they had been soaked in water a little too long. We also ordered the pancakes and paid the $1 extra for a good sized portion of real Vermont maple syrup, which was totally worth it. The pancakes were delicious, light and fluffy, with a hint of lemon. Next time I'm going to try the raspberry chocolate chip pancakes. I love the building, it's very bright and cheery. The ambiance and decorations are great and the bathroom is very nice too. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied and I can't wait to take friends and family back here! The bill came out to about $20, which is more than reasonable for the fantastic food and great service. They put an emphasis on cafe free eggs, organic milk, locally sourced breads and jams, and fair trade coffee. My kind of place! My search for breakfast places is over, and I'll be coming back here weekly! :-)
5	This is the fourth incarnation of this restaurant site we have visited. This one is head and shoulders above the others. I had the $4.95 week day special 6:30 - 10:30 am. Didn't really expect much for that price, what a surprise! I ordered the sausages, which were very good quality, and the pancakes that were thick but very fluffy. The quality of the food is apparent. The coffee is organic free trade. My partner had an omelet she really enjoyed, and I tasted some of her whole wheat toast and jelly which was wonderful. We will be putting this one in the rotation.
5	I've been wanting a breakfast restaurant like this in our neighborhood for years. The wait was worth it. I had the 5 egg white scramble with fruit instead of potatoes, and whole wheat toast. There was no extra charge for the fruit, it was a good sized bowl with cantalope, honeydew, watermelon, strawberries, bananas and grapes. Everything was fresh, from the veggies in my scramble to all of the fruit.  The food is really good quality, certainly as good as Scramble, Over Easy and Liberty Market. Even the bread used for toast was exceptional. They did a good remodel of the place. When it was Gino's Coast to Coast, it was dark and dingy. They recovered the booths, redid the table tops, brought in new chairs and lighting, and gave the place a coat of light, fresh paint inside and out. At last, we've got a wonderful breakfast place, without driving all over town. We will be regulars.
5	I ate here last Sunday with my family.  I was happy to see that a new place has opened in place of Gino's that moved (closed) about two years ago.  Many places have frequented this location, but this one by far is the best.The restaurant is clean and well managed.  The wait staff is friendly and makes the dining experience that much better.....I had the steak and eggs to celebrate my birthday.  It was quite a treat for $10.00.  In addition, I was able to sample the pancakes and hash browns.  Everything tastes great and is made with the finest ingredients.  In addition, the food arrive warm and in under 20 minutes.The one thing that I especially enjoyed was the option to include real maple syrup (not the heavily processed stuff in a plastic bottle) for $1.00 more.  That in itself made the breakfast memorable.The prices are extremely reasonable. If you are looking for a breakfast destination in Phoenix, look no further.
4	We drove 25 minutes to get to this place based on the Yelp reviews.  It was definitely worth the trip.  We were greeted and seated very quickly, and ordered the fresh orange juice which was very good.Between the whole family, we had eggs, pancakes, an omelette, bacon, and sausage.  Everything was pretty good, and we had a great time and enjoyed the excellent service.  We went on a Wednesday morning around 10 and it was about half full.The bill with the tip was 52 bucks for four of us, which was a little pricey, but we enjoyed ourselves so I would say that's the point.  Sure, we could have gone to McDonald's for 12 bucks, but that isn't really the point.We were on vacation and it was fun to go to a new place.
5	My husband is obsessed with breakfast, so it came as no surprise that he told me this morning that he had discovered a new breakfast restaurant that we had to try out. In one word, this place is AMAZING. They use organic products, source locally, and have a very friendly staff. I was also pleasantly surprised to see how reasonable the prices were! So if you are in the mood for a good, wholesome breakfast, this is your scene. If you're wondering why you haven't been here already, it's only been open for six weeks.
5	My husband and I were excited to try this new breakfast spot which is close to home and we found a winner!  LOVE the fresh squeezed orange juice with a free refill.  I had one of the specials, a ham, spinach and jack cheese omelet - delish!  My husband tried the pancakes (with Vermont REAL maple syrup) - also fabulous.  Reasonably priced - we will definitely be regulars here!
5	Tried this place with a groupon, but will return to pay full price! The basic pancakes with a touch of lemon are wonderful!I had the 5 egg white scramble, a bit customized. My request was accommodated happily and accurately. The hash browns were well done exactly the way I love them.I forgot to ask for my son's burger to be served without mayo. They were wonderful about replacing it.Highly recommend this hidden gem!
5	Great place! Great service! Great food! I'm hooked and looking forward to going back and trying everything on the menu.
2	OK, so we stumbled upon this place on a sleepy Sunday morning. I was so happy to see it, we were starving. Note: There are NO breakfast places along Shea Blvd....I didn't even notice the "all local organic" thingy till we got inside. Nice I like that.I did notice a disgusting sewer smell. No, it was not eggs. Just as I was thinking "maybe its me" a toddler voice shouted "Mommy it stanks in here" Toddlers don't lie. It did stink.As I prayed whatever it was that stunk would go away, I pondered the menu. Not extensive but alright: eggs, omelets, french toast, pancakes.The stink did come and go, thank gawd it wasn't constant, I wouldn't have been able to handle that.I got the freshly squeezed OJ and it was great. I also ordered the French Toast. It sounded interesting as they use sourdough. Weird, right? It was weird. Not a fan of the sourness going through it. But it was nicely griddled and the syrup and delicious scoop of whipped butter helped. The eggs and bacon( a bit skimpy tho) on the side were very good, as were the hashbrowns I ordered on the side.Hubs had the Popeye omelet, and my bite was very tasty.All in all, a good place to go, but they really need to fix that sewer problemo.
4	Tried this new place out. GREAT SERVICE. Sat right away. Children's menu was very affordable which is nice! I get tired of being charged $5 for something I can make at home for $1. Our waitress was great and attentive. I ordered the banana pecan pancakes and they were really really good. Great portions for the price. My husband ordered the pancake special and the yogurt parfait. Yogurt parfait was huge and delicious. I will be returning.
4	I purchased a Groupon and took my wife for breakfast.  The food was so tasty, when my family flew in a few days later, I encouraged them to pass on the Hotel breakfast, and meet us for a return brunch at OBH.  Coffee was fantastic, food was out of this world fresh and the service was incredibly friendly and helpful both visits.  Goodbye Cracker Barrel, hello OBH!
5	Went Monday morning at 6:30am for Breakfast after looking for someplace other than IHOP on Yelp; was absolutely thrilled with everything we got.OBH has the comfortable feel of a "classic american diner" (very clean and bright, not dingy and old) but when you start eating the food, you realize the owner and chef are going above and beyond the "typical american diner" food.Just for starters; the orange juice is fresh squeezed... as in, "Oh look over there, you can see them squeezing the juice I am about to drink from a crate of oranges". For citrus snobs (like myself) you're next question is probably: "Yea but how ripe were the oranges?" because you know just because you juice an orange by hand doesn't guarantee good juice. Don't worry, the juice was fantastic. Rich, a little tiny bit pulpy and with a deep orange flavor not  washed out/unripened or sour taste. Did I mention you get 1 free refill on the juice to boot? Didn't expect that at all... we go to Old Town a lot for breakfast where a thin glass of juice will set you back $5; not only is OBH fresh-squeezing this stuff but also giving you an awesome amount of it.(If you've never squeezed your own oranges you might not appreciate how much work it is to get a large volume of juice out of oranges; it can take a bag full just to get a small pitcher's worth).Next was the coffee.Kelly (our peach of a waitress) brought the pot over to leave on our table and said "Oh our coffee is really good" -- I didn't think much of it as I've roasted my own beans, been through a few cappuccino machines (Jura and Rancilio) and am generally a coffee snob. Given that, I was totally surprised when sure enough, the coffee WAS excellent... it is a very smooth blend, almost no acidity or bite and just had a very easy rich flavor. I threw some cream and sugar in it and it was absolutely wonderful.So now we get to the food, my wife and I ordered:* (Me) 5 egg-white scramble w/ home fries and white toast* (Wife) French toast special w/ sausageThe serving sizes are generous; I would put it on par with something like Cracker Barrel where your meal shows up and you go "Oh crap, that is a lot of food"; you absolutely feel like you are being taken care of.The food was FANTASTIC.The owner and the chef are doing what I would describe as "Classic American Breakfast++" -- meaning all the classics and originals you would recognize, but done with extra TLC that makes the restaurant that much more memorable and delicious.For example, the bread you get with your meal isn't crap bread from the super market; it is artisan bread from a local bakery that they chop into thick, soft, toasted slices that melt butter perfectly.The jam that comes with your toast isn't Smuckers in little packets; it is a custom jam from a small company out of Tucson, AZ (like a fruit compote)The french toast is DEEP FRIED... do you realize how tasty this is? It's like a funnel cake, cinnamon role and big piece of artisan bread all had a baby and then it was deep fried with an egg wash and covered in butter and syrup... it's amazing.These little touches of excellence that are all over the menu and make all the difference.For a brand new place that just opened up (~3 months ago) OBH seems to be doing everything right and I doubt it will be much longer until this is that breakfast place you swing by on a Sat or Sun morning and there is a 30min wait. We already saw a handful of regulars that were known by name come strolling in.We'll likely go back soon to give lunch a try, but as far as breakfast is concerned we were thrilled.
2	The place seems clean and the service was friendly.  I had an omelet, home fries and half an order of biscuits and gravy.  The home fries and omelet were both pretty good.  The "biscuits and gravy", as they call them, were an entirely different story.  Firstly, the gravy is an odd white gravy with beef hash concoction (unexpected, but maybe I just assumed and didn't notice it listed that way on the menu).  Unfortunately, the beef hash wasn't even good for beef hash.  Secondly, the biscuits were dense and chewy with a crunchy center.  It was obvious that they had been over-microwaved. I told my waitress about the biscuit issue, who said "We just got new biscuits, I will mention it to them." and walked away.   No offer to replace them or remove them from my bill.  No manager ever came around and I eventually just paid and left.  I wouldn't throw a fit if someone wanted me to go back but I would probably suggest a Denny's or IHOP as preferred alternatives.
5	I first heard of OBH from Groupon. I saw the groupons were sold out in one day, so I decided to go without the coupon. I've found a new favorite breakfast place. The omelets are so fluffy you have to butter them to the plate. They have raspberry chocolate chip pancakes that are out of this world. They actually have SOS for you veterans out there. The waitstaff is friendly and efficient. The place is clean with servers and bus persons flitting about constantly maintaining. Going on a Sunday? Get there before 8:30 AM or prepare for a wait. Don't miss this gem right off the 51[only going north] at thunderbird and 32nd.
5	Okay, in full disclosure, I should say that the owner is from Monterey and both his breakfast place and sports bar were two of my favorite restaurants in town.  Hearing about his latest venture, I knew that my yearly AZ trip for Spring Training would include a stop here.  And boy, was I not disappointed!  The french toast is to die for.  A perfected version of the fried french toast he introduced us to in Monterey.  The Huevos Rancheros were excellent and the El Paso Omelette was spot on.  The OJ is freshly squeezed, and includes a free re-fill.  And the prices are ridiculously reasonable.  Excited for the new place and wish them the best of luck!  This will be a favorite when in town.
4	Coffee is locally roasted and really good. The blackberry French toast is fantastic!  Yogurt and fruit parfait was tasty and even on the healthy side. The place was really busy while we were there and service was still better than most places. We will be back
5	$3.50 for fresh squeezed OJ with 1 free refills.Their french toast is AMAZING...Sour dough bread dipped in egg and deep fried.  The result is a firmer french toast (not as soggy as the traditional style). It's a must order even if you don't care for French toast or sour dough. This place had successfully converted many of my friends, including myself.
4	Very friendly and quick service.  Great omlette!
4	was here today and let me tell you it was yummy ha the chicken fried steak special with has-browns and it was delish my mom had the popeye omelet and it was to di for cant wait to be back and try more stuff...
3	Price to the said quality of ingredients was good. My wife and I just left a little under-whelmed.The food wasn't raw or bad. We just were not as impressed as people have been raving about it. Maybe we went in with higher hopes than we should have. The place is nice, clean. Friendly staff. The OJ seemed like it was fresh mixed with something else. Maybe it was just me, (i don't really drink fresh OJ that often to be a connoisseur).I got the big messy breakfast (or something of that similar name). Tiny slices of sausage in it. Nothing to leave me wanting to order this again. I would come back to order something different off the menu. I feel that they have redemptive quality, but for now 3 stars.
5	Always interested in finding new mom-and-pop shops for a good meal, we tried this place yesterday. This is a must go. It is, thankfully, not a chain (local or out of town) and it does not advertise as being the "next best thing."  What it is...is great. A down to  earth  unpretentious place  that  serves great food (El Paso and spinach omelettes were scrumptious, toast was superb (not the typical ok-no-big-deal toast) and jam supplied by a Tucson-based vendor. Come to think of it, the bread may be suuplied by a Tucson vendor as well. Desiree was our server and she was great. No fewer than 3 other staff checked on us to make sure that the coffee (excellent), o.j. (a refill on the house...and it is GOOD o.j.) and everything else was to our liking. The place started to become booked at about 9:30ish as we were on  our way out.   I highly recommend OBH for a solid breakfast, great service, and a good addition to the Breakfast List.  Dr. B.
5	This place is excellent. Everything that I want a breakfast place to be. Its like "The Place", but with far superior food. Fast and extremely friendly and informative service, low prices, fresh local ingredients.If this place was in Arcadia there would be hour long waits. Fresh squeezed navel orange juice. Awesome Coffee. Fresh local Bread. Local jam. Spot on Green chili. Perfectly crispy Hash. I like the El Paso. A very yummy omelet with chorizo and black beans and veggies. Get an order of green chili on the side and you will be a happy person. My wife is nuts over the french toast.Its just a small, unassuming, little breakfast place that happens to do things VERY well. You won't find ultra hip music playing, or waitresses with super cute outfits.Just go here wanting a good breakfast and you will leave getting exactly that. I think it is funny when people set their hopes too high for a breakfast place. I mean really, how good can an egg or hash browns be? In my opinion, this place tops the charts for the things that matter...Do it right. Do it local. Do it cheap. Do it fast. Do it without an attitude.If this sounds good to you, Go to OBH and enjoy.
4	A great addition to me meager selection of breakfast places here in Phoenix.  This could become my favorite place for breakfast.  The fact that California Pepper Sauce is on the table instead of the usual suspects is icing on the cake for me.Eggs taste great and I assume are organic.  I've enjoyed (from several visits):Poached eggs and omelets: eggs respectfully cooked and to my liking.Pancakes: great batter recipe and NOT over beaten.  Light and fluffy.French Toast:  they deep fry - and I have to say that they are good.Toast:  Sourdough toast was thick and excellent.  Not from grocery or Costco.Service was great and staff was friendly.A Few things maybe they could consider for rock star status:1. Plating and presentation can be better.  2. offer a natural and/or organic syrup.  Having the High Fructose Corn Syrup alone NOT a great thing.3.  offer a ketchup that isn't full of High Fructose Corn Syrup and/or Corn oil.  Lots of brands out there that are a better choice.4.  need more fruits and veggies.
5	The freshly squeezed OJ is killer, friendly service, and food was awesome! I drive by here all the time and didn't notice it, my new favorite breakfast place in town!
5	This place is AUH-MAZE-ING!!! My boyfriend and I will occasionally go on motorcycle rides, and we decided to make a stop at the Original Breakfast House this weekend.  We went because of the reviews that we saw on Yelp.  When you go, get there Pancakes... HOLY SMOKES they were the most fluffy, most delicious pancakes I have ever had.  They have a hint of lemon in them, and I am bound and determined to recreate these since we live in Chandler and can't come here EVERY weekend.  I can promise you though that we will be back. I also don't remember out servers name, but she was the genuinely nicest person that I have ever dealt with.  My boyfriend and I typically have something to say about our servers that we don't like, but we couldn't find ANYTHING wrong with her, she was so sweet, I wish I knew her name to give her a shout out.  And shout out the the owners for having a super clean restaurant and from what I could see kitchen too!All in all... make the drive, go eat here, it is awesome, and inexpensive.  Definitely get their pancakes  :)
3	No Eggs Benedict!? Super disappointing. How are you an original breakfast house and not have one of the best breakfast meals on earth? Don't get me wrong though, everything on the menu is delicious, just not what I want. Looks like they only hire ladies to do the serving, so there are always a bunch of dudes gawking around. This place is always busy to so have patience and don't come here in a hurry.
5	Today was the first time I went to the original breakfast house and I'll admit I was impressed. At first I thought it would be another failure like all the other businesses that have tried to make it before but I am proved wrong. The atmosphere is amazing compared to what it was years ago. I didn't get to speak to the owner but the server told me all about how it opened and what his goals were for the place. The food is amazing but be prepared to wait for your food because they do get extremely busy for breakfast. I had the chicken fried steak on special and my son had the rib eye steak which both looked amazing and the orange juice is actually squeezed right there! The service was amazing I was greeted by the hostess Natalie and she had such high energy it just made me smile since I dont see that very much these days and my server Desiree was great. Her area was full and she still took care of us and placed a to go order for me and a shake for my son. All together the restaurant is bright and clean the food is great and the staff is amazing. I will definitely come back here
5	We have now been to OBH twice, both times were great! Will be returning as it is now my go to breakfast spot.
5	One of the best breakfast restaurants I have eaten in.  We were staying at a hotel about 20 min away but had to try this place based on the high yelp ratings it had. i am glad we did.  The orange juice is freshly squeezed right in plain view and you get free refills. Locally baked bread and jams are delicious. Love the take on trying to provide healthy products like organic milk and cage free eggs. I had the 5 egg white scramble and it was delicious!!!
4	Finally a breakfast joint by our house.  Service here is really good and they are friendly.  You also get 1 free refill on your freshly squeezed orange juice.  How cool is that?  Their omelets are great - and homefries are delish - ask for them to be cooked crunchy/crispy.  Their steak and eggs were not very good - the steak was well done and chewy.  I definitely am a repeat customer.
5	It's great to find another breakfast/brunch place with a friendly staff and tasty food. I tried the biscuits & gravy, a daily special, and I was extremely pleased with the gravy. Every bite seemed to taste better, and the dish came with three biscuits instead of the standard two.I also ordered two eggs over-easy and they were cooked exactly right, which doesn't happen often even in restaurants that focus on breakfast items. The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and while expensive at $4, you can get as many refills as you want for free. The regular menu is pretty typical for a local breakfast joint, with a slight emphasis on Tex-Mex themed choices. The service was super fast (I ate at about 10:30 a.m. on a Friday) but I did not feel rushed. The waitress left a coffee carafe without asking, which is really a nice touch.I definitely plan to make the Original Breakfast House a regular habit from now on.
4	We tried this place out this morning. I had the banana pecan pancakes, they were huge. I added eggs and meat. The bacon was a nice cut and the sausage had great flavor. The service was good. I would have liked to have seen corned beef hash and eggs benedict on the menu, but that is just my opinion. Overall it was good and reasonably priced. I am sure we will be back.
3	Good quick service, but don't let them set you at the table by the bathroom (which of course is the one we had) wait for a better choice. Both our meals had great flavor, looks like you cannot make any wrong choices here. Do get the orange juice. Don't drink the table water with its strange taste, stick to the coffee. We will definitely be back over and over, so we hope this restaurant will make it. (Location has switched hands several time over the last few years.)
4	would have been 5 stars if they had better coffee... the breakfast was outstanding!!
4	This place was delicious! My daughter got the kids pancakes which I tasted and they were delicious. They were lemony tasting. The jelly for the toast was delicious as well. I'm so glad I didn't go to ihop like my daughter wanted to. This place is well priced and the service is both friendly and prompt.
5	Excellent food, quick service and fresh squeezed orange juice. The pancakes have a slight lemon taste to them; I haven't had that before and was pleasantly surprised. I don't really buy into all the organic hype but the eggs were better than most I've had before.
5	"This place is a breakfast persons dream come true! Freshly squeezed OJ with the second glass at no charge.....eggs prepared perfectly, french toast to die for and fruit for the healthy. We have searched for a new breakfast place for over a year....we found a win..."
5	This place is the best breakfast house in Phoenix! The  New Mexico green chile is what lured me in and the atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing food keeps us coming back! The decor in this place is so warm and inviting... You've got to try this place! I'm sure when you do, you'll keep coming back just like we do!Go get you some OBH!
5	I drive by this place every Sunday on my way to church, and for quite a while have been saying, "Some day I need to stop and have breakfast there!"  Well, this morning was the day, and all I can say is, "Jackpot!!"  I will definitely be back!My breakfast, though "simple" (basic 2 scram, x-crispy bac, wheat toast & fresh fruit), was as satisfying in every aspect.  There's not much I can add to all the food complements from other reviewers here; I can only endorse and reiterate them.  You won't be disappointed!What I would like to add is an extra complement from the restaurant management angle - something you don't always see on Yelp.I took a counter seat right next to the kitchen.  Normally, because of noise and staff coming in and out right by you, that's a bad place to be.  Not in this case, because it gave me a bird's eye view of what an incredibly efficient, well-run place this is!1. Everything organized in back.  All supplies, containers, dishware, what-have-you, neatly arranged on easy-access shelving, not a thing out of place.  With the level of activity at breakfast on Sunday morning, this area could easily get out of hand, with things in disarray.  Not here.  My own kitchen should look so well-organized!2.  Clean as a whistle.  Again, with the hubbub and frantic pace, it would be understandable to have spills on the floors, shelves, counters, etc.  Spotless.  Looks like they just opened for their first day ten minutes ago.  To repeat, oh, that I should keep my own kitchen, for one person, looking so clean and tidy.3.  Wait and bus staff HUSTLES!  No one is standing around not paying attention - these gals and guys are in perpetual motion!  I got tired just watching them.  4. Owner right there and involved.  Not lording it over his staff, but right there at their side, doing whatever needs to be done, whether it's bringing out an order, showing a party to their table, you name it - he's in the thick of it!5. Fast and friendly!  I always allow extra time when trying a new place, because you just never know, but I was served within 3 or 4 minutes of placing my order, and on my way with lots of time to spare.  All staff were friendly and attentive.  The crew here deserves high accolades.I look forward to many more visits.
4	This place is like one of those little diners in the midwest. traditional unhealthy breakfasts made JUST RIGHT. I had the french toast and it was 2 HUGE slices smothered in butter and syrup. It was awesome. I want to go back and try the homemade shakes and their lunch menu. This place is not a healthfood joint. But if you grew up in the midwest anywhere, you will enjoy a little slice of home with these breakfasts!
5	Wow great breakfast place.  It's a relatively small family run restaurant with a very friendly atmosphere. All 4 of us had great dishes, even my two picky kids!We had raspberry pancakes, a basic bacon and eggs dish, a sausage, potato and egg scrambler, and their special, the San Francisco Scrambler.  All were very tasty and big portions.  Their toast was great and comes with a delicious strawberry jam.I would definitely  recommend the San Fran scrambler, but sub the ground beef for chorizo...really great dish!
5	I drove forever and a day to get here with the promise that it was an excellent place for brunch. It was! The food and service were fantastic and the experience was well worth the drive. The surprisingly young group of management running the restaurant are so hospitable and caring; it's definitely a diamond in the rough.My friend ordered a hearty looking breakfast sandwich special with fried potatoes and pico de gallo. She inhaled it happily. I chose the breakfast special: Short stack - (2) fluffy, lightly lemon-tasting pancakes, 2 pork sausages and 2 poached eggs. Everything was excellent, especially the pancakes and sausages. The staff was very attentive down to the detail on exactly how I liked my eggs prepared. By the time I realized I should take a photo for Yelp, I looked down at a completely empty plate. Oops :)The location is very close to the 51 freeway on the SE corner of 32nd Street and Thunderbird in an unassuming strip mall.The venue is powerchair/wheelchair accessible, including spacious restrooms.Two thumbs up!
5	Wow! Just tried this place for the first time!  We've lived down the street from OBH for 6 years!!!Breakfast sandwich was AWESOME!  LOADED and delicious. Must go back and try omlettes and scrambles.
5	We have eaten there twice. Once for breakfast and once for lunch. Both meals were very good. If you like French toast order it here. It is fabulous and HUGE! The restaurant is very clean and the staff is nice and always have smiles. It's nice to have finally found a good place to get a quality breakfast.
5	I'll admit to some healthy skepticism whenever I see a restaurant touting cage free eggs and organic milk and local produce and the like.  Not that I don't love all those things. I do. But I fear it's like the restaurant with horrible food that people keep going to because the great view. Often we are so focused on doing the right thing with our choices that we might accept a little less in the way of flavor to be socially responsible. Fortunately, my skepticism was totally unwarranted in the case of the Original Breakfast House. It's a gem.Do try the pancakes. The lemon they add to the batter can be sensed immediately at the table. The taste, the odd mix of buttermilk and lemon, is unique and wonderful.  OBH uses Mrs. Butterworth's syrup, a plus, and offers Vermont maple syrup for just a buck more, a nice option.The French toast is a treat as well. They use thick cut sourdough bread deep fried in a batter containing hints of orange, cinnamon and vanilla. Fresh raspberries were offered as a special on one of our recent visits.Two dollar and fifty cent kids meals make OBH a very kid friendly destination. Options include French toast, mini pancakes with bacon and a two egg cheese omelet.  The two youngsters that accompanied us on one of our recent visits loved the choices.One small disappointment. Sometimes the simplest things present the greatest challenges, in this case serving hot and fresh toast. The sourdough toast served to one in our party was cold and dry. Even homemade strawberry preserves were not enough to make it edible. I guess they should have used the bread to make more delicious French toast. Everything else was so wonderful (did I mention the green chili omelet?) that it did not really matter.The staff is young, energetic and friendly. I'm not quite a true regular at OBH as of yet, but I'm planning on becoming one.
5	Ok - this was such a treat to find this place. The hostess was warm, you could tell loved the place, and even the owner behind the place.   The French Toast was amazing - never had anything like it.  The chorizo omelet was excellent.   Loaded fries awesome.    Could tell that they prided themselves in fresh ingredients, not the nasty premade stuff sold by food distributors.     Best chorizo I think I have ever had?
4	Great place for breakfast! This has become my family's new Sunday morning tradition. Green chile omelette is amazing.
5	The French toast here is out of control amazing!!!!! It's so good I'm writing this review literally on our way home from eating here! The portion is huge! It tastes like funnel cake almost, it has the perfect crispness....sooooo good! Everything else we had--eggs,hashbrowns and the veggie omelette was amazing as well! I think we found a new breakfast spot! Whoo hoo!
5	Not only was the food fast and delicious, the service was wonderful! The place was busy and still from the hostess to the gentleman bussing our table everyone had a smile on their face and was genuinely interested in our input. We will definitely be back!
5	After passing by this almost every week we finally came in for breakfast. This is not the greasy diner I would have expected,the food is fresh and has lots of flavor. The menu has more options than most places and the food is mostly from local sources and taste very fresh.We had a scramble and an omelet both were veggie and they were great. The vegetables in both tasted and looked very fresh. Both plates had a good portion of food and left us both full. The coffee was also good,it is a light roast and smooth.
5	We ate here for the first time this morning. My group could not have been more satisfied! We had a large group on a busy morning and only had to wait 10 minutes. Everyone in the staff was courteous and accommodating. We will be frequenting this establishment from now on. I had a breakfast sandwich and it was enormous It was delicious. I can't believe I haven't tried it sooner. The owner was even going table to table to check on all of the service. I love this is a local establishment and not one of those big chains. My family will be back soon.
4	I found this place through yelp reviews and it did not disappoint. Overall, the service was decent and the food was great.  We'll definitely be back again for the food. Our waitress wasn't too attentive to us once the food came out since we ran out of coffee half way through the meal.  She may have been new since she had to come back and ask my friend how she wanted her eggs on a breakfast sandwich and when asked which menu item was better she was unsure what to recommend and she seem a little unorganized with the checking out process (ie took my friend's check who paid cash and didn't bring back the change until asked, etc).
4	When I first walked in, the place smelled not to pleasant. The food was delicious and service was great.
5	Just flew into town and found this gem of a place. The food was excellent and the staff were very friendly, happy and welcoming!  You gotta try this one out!
5	Great coffee and the food was wonderful. Have the green chilli sauce it was really yummy. Would go back for sure!
5	I kept hearing from friend about how great this place was so one day I decided to come with and it was a great decision! I had the French toast which was great but I think the sausage and eggs were even better! The coffee was great as well. The best part is the service. We kept asking for more things and she was always very nice and positive the whole time. Good overall experience, although it was kind of hot inside the restaurant. I'll be back!
2	Very disappointed. The sausage is the worst I have ever eaten. Bland. Only ate two bites. Does not deserve to be called sausage. Not sure if it was even made out of meat. Toast is whole wheat or sourdough only. Good ol' white toast is not an option. My son did not like the kid's pancakes. They were also very small. Coffee was weak. This is a hangout for newage health food types, not a restaurant for "foodies" like ourselves.
5	We have found our new breakfast place! Love the Costa Rica coffee! Great pancakes and great service. Get the maple syrup. You can watch them squeeze your orange juice for you.
5	Good breakfast. French toast is great
5	Had a wonderful time, great food, got to see friends there this morning and very decent prices :)
5	I'm a breakfast fanatic. This was awesome. We will be back and try a locally made ice cream milkshake, cuz I hear it brings all the boys to the yard and they're like "it's better than yours".
3	Decievingly modern on the inside compared with the older diner outside appearance. Had the hot chocolate to start and it was deliciously topped with a light whipped cream and chocolate sauce. I had the raspberry and chocolate chip pancakes while he had the corned beef hash special. Not sure if I like the lemon flavor added to the pancakes or not but the pancakes themselves were light and fluffy. The raspberries were really fresh and delicious.He had the corned beef hash special and that came with two eggs cooked any way - he picked scrambled. Oddly enough the corned beef really tasted like salted ham, which isn't bad but not what we expected. Overall: B+I think we will order other options next go around but it was tasty!
3	The Original BREAKFAST House is not to be confused with the Original PANCAKE House. Definitely not the same thing. The boyfriend and I came here to meet some friends on their recommendation. I ordered the Spam and eggs, which comes with a banana nut pancake and boyfriend ordered the French toast.I really enjoyed the Spam and eggs. It's served with cilantro rice and a mango salsa. The rice was seasoned well and the salsa was flavorful. The Spam was cooked in some kind of sauce as well so it had a little bit of a tanginess to it. A nice dish overall. I cannot say the same for the pancake. It was rubbery and plastic tasting - not very good at all. Also, you have to pay extra to get real maple syrup and not the corn syrup junk. I was really glad I had not just ordered pancakes.The boyfriend's French toast was unlike any French toast I'd ever seen. It was like it was deep fried. It tasted like funnel cake. He liked it okay but it was way too sweet for me. The service was not great. Some other people mentioned that the servers aren't very friendly and I would agree. We felt a little like they were trying to rush us out the door. And it was SO COLD in there! Luckily my boyfriend had a jacket in the car so I wore that. I had to put on a jacket to sit inside! Only in AZ? I'm honestly surprised at all the rave reviews. I would not go out of my way to come here again.
5	Good food great service what else could you ask for. We went on a Saturday morning and it was busy. They great you at the door. My son has a hard time walking and they put us in a booth right by the door. Smiles everywhere from the staff.  Very friendly I'm sure I'll be back when I come to town again.
5	Awesomeness at the original breakfast houseAs a self proclaimed French toast queen this fried French toast takes first place here in the valley. Not fancy at all. But clean. Fast. And good. If u don't like pulp in ur orange juice bring a strainer. It's pure and fresh juice. The Mr had Portuguese sausage with eggs and proclaimed it grilled and great. Not as spicey as could have been but fantastic just the same
5	Living in the neighborhood for so long I was surprised I had not seen this earlier. Happened to drive by it one day so I looked it up on Yelp to find good reviews.We decided to stop in and try it and it lived up to the reputation. Food was good. Coffee was good. Staff were friendly. It's a nice place. We shall return.
5	Perfect, just perfect breakfast spot. Visiting the area from PA and used Yelp reviews to find this gem. The French toast was as amazing as other reviews indicated. I guess you really can't go wrong with great sourdough, custard-like egg dip and the deep frying. Delish! My husband said the pancakes were "the best he ever had!" you can taste the orange zest and it was light and yet filling. We also had the Juan's tacos -- they were satisfying and quintessentially southwest breakfast. BUT the best part was the Patty's brioche cinnamon buns. Holy Amazing.
5	The place for breakfast if you live in North Phoenix.  The green chili omelette is really good if you are a green chili lover.  Their "Big Gooey" is their version of a scramble and will fill you up and then some.  The Juan's Tacos are also really good.  Bottom line? We have never ordered anything that we didn't think was really good in here.  The staff are super friendly and will take care of you.  So what are you still reading here for?  Go get some great breakfast!
5	I really really enjoyed this restaurant.  Clean, Quick, and Delicious. The "big mess" was great so are the cinnamon rolls! The service was also spot on.  We are quickly becoming regulars!
5	We tried this spot out for a late breakfast this morning.  We had about a 20 minute wait, but we didn't mind.  The hostesses were extremely friendly and chatty- a nice change from many places.  Once seated, I noticed that water glasses and a carafe of ice cold water had already been put on our table.  This was awesome, especially since we waited outside to be sat and it was on the warmer side today.  Our server was friendly, prompt, and efficient.  My husband ordered the egg white scramble and I had the french toast.  They were both really good.  The jam that came with my husband's toast was also delicious.  I also appreciated that the server brought us two flavors of cream for our coffee without hesitation when we asked- as she should have.  We have been places where they act like it is an inconvenience.  I can't help if we have different preferences!  Also- I noticed a couple of reviews complained about the temperature.  I was perfectly comfortable, so whatever they had it at today is good.  I normally FREEZE everywhere I go and my husband is always hot.  We both were comfy.  Seriously, I carry a sweater year-round for restaurants... Even when it is 120 out... And I was good.  We both felt that it was a good experience and a great price point.  We also like that they use local, fresh, organic when they can.  Fresh just always tastes better! :)
4	I've come here a few times and have been impressed on every occasion.  I can't remember what we've all gotten in the past but everyone in our party raved about how good it was.  We will keep coming back...
5	I would go as far as to say that not only was this the best breakfast I have ever had, but quite possibly the best meal I have ever had. Ever. Not kidding. I had banana pecan French toast, and it absolutely blew my mind. Like...I'm hard just thinking about it. They deep fry thick, fluffy bread tossed with vanilla and orange zest and top it with whipped butter, powdered sugar, banana, pecans and syrup. It's mind blowingly decadent. I was sad when it was over. My husband had the Juan's Tacos which are made with chorizo and cheese. Also fantastic. The tortillas were delicious and the home potatoes were flavorful and crispy. We jokes about coming back the very next day for a repeat event. So fuggin' delicious. Great staff and friendly, prompt service as well. Our waitress was a hoot. GO HERE!
3	Just ok. Staff was nice, but food was lackluster. I got the green chile omelette which could have used a little more seasoning. It did have plenty of green chiles though. Also got the French toast which was a little better.
5	The food was fantastic (pancakes were exceptional)!  We had a good experience with the server and the rest of the staff we encountered.  The food was fresh, pretty fast and appropriately priced for how tasty it was. (I had the 5 whites omelette, very good!).  We will definitely be skipping Dennys and IHOP in the future.  I plan to get there early on the weekends. Its packed and for good reason. A Tuesday morning was a great time to go try it for the first time.
5	Had a fabulous breakfast here with some girlfriends.  I had the special which was pumpkin pecan pancakes.  Absolutely mouth watering!  One of the girls had French toast another had the chicken fried steak.  We were all extremely happy with the meal and the service! Best coffee also!  If you are in Phoenix, don't miss this breakfast restaurant.  Reasonably priced and great food!
5	Been eying this place for awhile but its always sooo packed that I hate waiting  when I'm hungry!  So this Saturday morning we decided to order takeout, ready in 10 minutes= AWESOMENESS! The only complaint I have is my husbands omelette was supposed to be eggwhites but wasn't. EVERYTHING else was DELICIOUS!  You can definitely tell the ingredients were fresh and  homemade! Their bread was sliced thick, OJ was  soooo yummy and the BlackBerry FrenchToast was sweet but with the sourdough bread/zest not overwhelming! Plus the bacon was crispy just the way I love it!Cannot wait to try something new next time we go! Maybe we'll try lunch next time!
4	The place itself is nice and homey but the floors were a little dirty but it could be from children that come in. This is the first time I've been here since my gf said she heard great reviews of the food and service so we thought we would give it a shot. This is my first yelp review btw. First off the greeting was warm and welcoming there was a wait but not that long and we even got a booth by the window and believe me you want to sit here because I think this was just the lucky area. We seemed to get a food before other tables who we're complaining about the wait. I had the chicken fried steak and my gf had the French toast and it would of been worth the wait if it came to that. Our server recommended the chicken since the gravy tastes delicious and she sold my gf on the French toast calling it crispy crunchy deliciousness and it was definitely that. I'm not quite sure our servers name to give her some praise but she was in the front and great I think it was des so good job! A busser came up to the table and took away some of our plates and she even came back with a box for the French toast. When we went to pay the host at the front made some small talk with me and it just made both of us feel so welcomed here. So good job original breakfast house! I will be back
4	Wow I'm full. Thanksgiving flavors for breakfasting. What is this? It's good. Matter a fact so good it was taken off the menu because of so many orders. That's the turkey and sweet potato hash. I recommend it.  Words to the wise. Come early. This place gets packed. If you order toast with spread make sure to get double spread comes a little on the light side.Friendly service is always welcome too.
4	The place itself is nice and homey but the floors were a little dirty but it could be from children that come in. This is the first time I've been here since my gf said she heard great reviews of the food and service so we thought we would give it a shot. This is my first yelp review btw. First off the greeting was warm and welcoming there was a wait but not that long and we even got a booth by the window and believe me you want to sit here because I think this was just the lucky area. We seemed to get a food before other tables who we're complaining about the wait. I had the chicken fried steak and my gf had the French toast and it would of been worth the wait if it came to that. Our server recommended the chicken since the gravy tastes delicious and she sold my gf on the French toast calling it crispy crunchy deliciousness and it was definitely that. I'm not quite sure our servers name to give her some praise but she was in the front and great I think it was des so good job! A busser came up to the table and took away some of our plates and she even came back with a box for the French toast. When we went to pay the host at the front made some small talk with me and it just made both of us feel so welcomed here. So good job original breakfast house! I will be back
5	I'm an American girl who needs a hearty breakfast and lunch...or at least one of them:) it's always great when you find a place you can eat at, more than a couple times a week. This is a place that I want to go to...EVERYDAY!!!! The French toast is amazing! It's unique, it's crispy and it reminds me of a funnel cake! It's after my heart! Then we have the pancakes. I've always liked blueberry but have always been bored with plain. No problem here. I LOVED the chocolate chip and fresh raspberry pancakes!!!! Wow!!!! I even ate Oreo cookie pancakes! Also amazing!!!! Next I'm gonna order the banana pecan and I'm pretty sure that I will love those too! Then there is lunch. I don't like mortadella but the fried bologna sandwich...Heaven! And the BLT was seriously the best BLT I've ever had. I'm shocked I'm saying that only because I've had a million. BLT is my 1st choice, eat it almost everyday sandwich and this blew me away!!!!!! Dead serious! The bread looks thick, which it is, but it is light and delicate! I can taste it and by golly gee I want one now! And don't forget to order OJ! Fresh and sweet:)))))
5	This place gets it all right - even when they get it wrong. We have become happy regulars and love the food and stellar service. We have only had a couple of mishaps with incorrect food etc. And they jump on it and make it right immediately, no questions asked. At OBH, the customer truly is always right! Thanks to John and Dustin and the rest of the great staff!!
5	I came to this place with my 3 year old daughter and we loved it!  First off, the food was great!  But what sets this place above is the very pleasant service.  Also, my daughter can be a bit of a handful when she is tired (we had just came from the playground and she had been riding in the bike trailer for a good portion of the morning), but the staff were very friendly and understanding and even played with her a bit.  Admittedly, it was a MOnday morning, so it was a bit slow, so not many people for my kid to annoy (if there had been I would have gotten her out of there so as not to ruin other peoples breakfasts).  I will definitely be back!  Probably with my wife this time too!
5	Amazing food, awesome service!!!!
5	French toast - NO BRAINER! It's INSANE. Tip: get one slice for a $1 more when added to an omelette. That's plenty, it's like eating dessert for breakfast, it's so rich. And spend the extra $1 for real maple syrup. Five egg white omelette - pleasantly surprised that it was light and fluffy!Oatmeal with bananas and pecans, with a nice selection of toppings. Fresh squeezed OJ - a rarity!They have full range; a decadently delicious fried french toast, and perfectly made egg white omelette.
4	Pretty good! :-)Mom got the Green Chile Omelette & liked it! :-)I got the blackberry pancakes & they were yummy! :-)Only thing that bugged me was that the "pancake special" was offered to me, which adds 2 bacon/sausage & 2 eggs. I'm allergic to eggs, so I asked if they could drop the eggs & double the bacon. I was told they'd check. Brought pancakes & 3 bacon (not 4). Bill came & pancakes & bacon were charged separately. Not real pleased by that, but otherwise good place!Nice place & staff! :-)P.S.,The bacon was pretty thick & crisp, which is how I like it, so that was really good! Even minus a piece :-P haha
4	This place would be slammed busy if it were in CenPho.  It is a great dinner with lots of yummy things for breakfast and lunch.  My favorite is the breakfast burrito.btw, Milk Shake Mondays!  $2 all day.  I've not had one yet but they look great.
4	I was very impressed with the french toast here!  Almost tastes like fair food on steroids :) the service was great too!  I would definetly recommend checking this place out.
5	Their OJ has the texture of milk. It is so strong I have to add ice to it. Hubby loves the coffee here. Everyone seems real sweet and happy. A bunch of hippies from the Bay Area.
5	Used Yelp to find this place and it was excellent! Great traditional American breakfast fare, the El Paso omelette was great, my wife had the 5 egg white scramble and raved about it!  The kids menu rocks as well, Can't wait to go back!!
5	Went here this morning for breakfast with a friend. I had the El Paso omelette and it is definitely one of the best omelettes I have tried in the last few years! My friend had the biscuits and gravy and she said they were really good. Service was excellent and so was the coffee. I will definitely be back here again when I am in the area.
5	There's finally a place to have some good breakfast that isn't a chain in north Phoenix. I've been here a few times now and I'll admit that everything I've tried is really good.But, if you really want to get your money's worth, come with a sweet tooth. Their pancakes and french toast are amazing.  When the menu says you get 2 slices of french toast, it doesn't mention that they cut the loaf of bread the long way and you're going to get a literal pound of delightful fried bread goodness.Get some orange juice while you are at it. A lot of places claim to have fresh squeezed orange juice, but here you see the squeeze it and you can really taste the difference.I urge everyone to come here, I'll risk a wait to make sure this place stays open!
5	Fresh squeezed OJ? Water and coffee pitchers and carafes, instead of having to wait for the server? Rare to find a breakfast place like this today. The food is excellent and different enough from the norm to stand out but not be offensive. The coffee is brewed in Tempe and the OJ is made on site. I'll definitely be returning soon. Service was great too!
5	Wow - can't beat this place for the food and the service. Having moved to the area and being a regular now, I enjoy seeing Dustin and John and Hayley always takes such good care of me and my table. We always bring our out of town friends and they all wish that they had an OBH in their neighborhood. And even though I'm a vegetarian, John (the owner/operator) has great options on the menu, and based upon feedback is changing to vegetarian beans and rice (instead of using chicken stock). Love the fact that, even though he's a successful long term restaurateur, he's open to suggestion from his customers. With all of the above, he's got a winning combination. My very fave breakfast spot!!!
3	I'm not sure what happened to this place but please go back to how it was. Did obh get new employees because I remember them being a lot nicer. Anyway the food is always good here and I'm always happy to get the fresh squeezed orange juice but the glass for the juice had a chip in it and the water glass on the table had stuff in it. I understand it was a busy day but when the hostess sat me she didn't bring me any water she just ordered the busser to do it. My server was nice but I hardly saw her someone else came to give me my food and then my server came back asked how it was and gave me my check and that was the last time I saw her. I'm just really disappointed about the service here, it's not hard to simply ask someone to do something instead of raising your voice or to be demanding. It's just really unprofessional. These stars are basically for the food definitely not the service
5	Food was outstanding along with the service.  Went two mornings in a row when I was in-town, and will go again if it's convenient to me next time I am over that way.My order came promptly and was cooked perfectly.Serving staff was as pleasant and helpful as any you find in the finest restaurants. Their only response to any request was "absolutely."The owner, Jim, was there both mornings I was there and very actively involved.  Watching him in action made it easy to see the reason the place is so outstanding.  It's a direct reflection of him.Pricing was more than fair.Decor was nothing fancy but who cares? I don't know about you, but I'll give good food, outstanding service 5 stars every time.
4	This is an absolute must! The food is good and so is the service. A hidden gem. I have tried various items and liked all of them. Try the French toast or for lunch the clam chowder.
4	Good service and and awesome food.
4	Good food and service. The reviews were a bit over the top the food wasn't amazing but it was different and definitely good. We will come back for sure!
5	This is our second time here. A friend recommended and we are so excited to have a new, fantastic breakfast joint. The food is sooooo good. The ingredients are nice and fresh. What we love most is the customer service. We've had Davina (sp?) as a server twice, and she is phenomenal!  Very attentive, courteous,  and kind. Thank you. It is so nice to have real customer service that leaves a great impression.
5	This place is the greatest!! The French toast are just incredible and staff is always happy and friendly. Great family place on a Sunday morning. Beats IHOP or Denny's ANY DAY!
5	One of  best breakfast places I have had in a long time. Service staff really well trained and it showed. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was amazing. Will definitly be coming back. Thanks to the owner John for having such a great place to eat will be back.
5	I've eaten here about 4 or 5 times. Always something different, as if I'm looking for a reason to stop liking the place or confirm that it was "just that one plate they're good at making". It doesn't matter what/when/how you order. The food is nothing short of fresh, and incredible (and usually natural/organic!). The prices are more than fair, the staff is unique, attentive and pleasant. Don't change a thing! Just add more locations and rid the world of the Denny's chain!
5	Awesome carnitas omelet! And friendly service. Overall great place to stop for breakfast.
5	This is our favorite brunch spot! We eat here probably once a week. We stumbled on it while looking for a breakfast spot that came with high marks in the Acadia District. We never made it here, and have never seen the need to find it since discovering OBH.The food is so delicious. It's made with care and the best of the best in terms of ingredients. You can taste the difference! I love breakfast food and whether I am ordering eggs, bacon and toast or going for pancakes, this is simply the best food I've found anywhere. The bread is sliced thick and from a bakery. The jam is like homemade. The bacon is thick cut and peppered. The pancakes are delicately flavored with lemon and ever so light and fluffy. The banana pecan pancakes are just delicious. I like to top my meal off with the fresh brewed iced tea.It just doesn't get better than this and the prices are reasonable to boot! Once you're done here, you can head down the street to "A Second Look" for some fantastic consignment shopping.
5	Great local breakfast place, The staff is super friendly and everything on the menu we've tried has been really fresh and super delicious. We've started bringing our out of town visitors here and they all agree, The OBH is an awesome breakfast place.
4	I read so many great reviews before trying this place out but wasn't blown away by the food. Still, it's nice to see a local joint with friendly staff instead of the mega chains taking over.  OBH has fresh-squeezed orange juice and you get a free refill on it. Their hash browns and sausages are very good. I found the french toast to be a bit hard and stale, which was disappointing.  And they don't have my all-time favorite breakfast item: eggs benedict.
5	Fantastic food and service!My wife has been trying to get me in here for months since she and a buddy ate here - she gushed over the amazing french toast and described it in detail to me.  Sounded great, but we didn't get in with the whole family until today.Wow - all I can say is wow.  First, pleasant smiles and a sincere "How can I help you" mentality from all the staff, from the hostesses to the waitresses to the buspeople.  Although everyone was hustling around full speed on a very busy Saturday morning, everyone was pleasant and actually seemed happy doing their thing!  We had a carafe of water at our table, and after we emptied it, I offhandedly mentioned to my wife "We need some more water", and a waitress from another section of the restaurant who happened to be walking by, stopped, asked if we'd like more water, and got it in seconds.  WOW.  I'd give the service 6 stars if I could.I had the Firehouse Chili and Cheddar omelet, wife had the amazing french toast (again), son had the Hog Heaven omelet (ham + bacon + sausage - all pig, baby!)  Great food, great fresh squeezed orange juice, fresh strawberry jam made there in the restaurant, fantastic little touches that elevated a pretty good breakfast to a great one.Owner stopped by to check in on us too.  We also saw him busing tables - what an example to his troops. He's the reason this place is what it is.  It's a great reflection on John and his commitment to excellence.Come here, enjoy, come back often!  We will!
5	I have kept my eye on this place wanting to try it for awhile. I recently moved a few blocks away and I was intrigued the minute I noticed it.Welp..tried it...LOVED IT ! It has a home feel and the food is incredible.  One of the best breakfasts i have had on awhile. The French Toast is amazing and my sis loved her pancakes. You gotta try it. Home cooking...friendly,  professional staff and amazing food with a great ambiance too. What more do I need to say?
5	Quite a few restaurants have opened and closed in this building, but I really hope this one stays!  Our server was very friendly and attentive, and the prices were reasonable.  I ordered the corned beef hash, which was homemade and honestly the best I've had!  The jam was homemade as well, and delicious. Our server even added some requests to our kids choices, which weren't on the menu.  I will definitely go back!
5	Always looking for a great breakfast place and I think we found ours.The food and service are second to none. Highly recommended.
5	HOLY HAM STEAK!! This place is a true gem. 1 FREE REFILL on fresh OJ and very good ingredients make for a special dining event. At every breakfast place I ask for potatoes well done & 'almost burnt' and 99 times out of 100 they come to me either the same as they do for everyone or under-cooked!  Not at this place...they know how to fill an order as requested. See picture, look at those grill marks on the ham steak!  Give it a try, worth the wait on the weekends.
5	My girlfriend and I have been here twice and both times were excellent. I love the regular American diner feel, with no frills and letting the food speak for itself. We both had omelettes the first time (the El Paso for me and spinach mushroom for her). The chorizo in the El Paso wasn't too greasy and the guac (makes everything better) and sour cream balanced the spicy chorizo. This time we both had French toast (she had the banana pecan and I had the regular). What can I say about the French toast except WOW! The batter has orange zest, cinnamon, and vanilla then they deep fry it too add just a little decadence. Don't forget to have the fresh squeezed O.J. with free refills. I have found my favorite French toast spot and possibly my favorite breakfast spot.
5	This is our very favorite breakfast/lunch place.  Fresh squeezed OJ that comes with a free refill.  Fresh sourdough bread.  Local, fresh ingredients.  Consistent quality.  Daily specials that are refreshingly creative or simply comforting old favorites.  Spectacular shakes.  The El Paso Omelette, Juan's Tacos, The Green Chili Cheeseburger, The Home Fries, The Mediterranean Rice Bowl are all absolutely spectacular!:)
5	I base my feelings of breakfast places solely on their biscuits and gravy. I will be back.  Service was top notch.
2	Front of House - Friendly and provided accurate waiting times.  Beverages - Coffee was serviceable.  Water tasted like it came out of a hose.  Food - Toast was a good higher quality bread and the jam was better than average, but toast was cold.  Good hash browns and over medium eggs were cooked properly.  You could tell that the bacon had been cooked long before we arrived as it was both cold and overly crispy. The waitress was very helpful and nice.  She brought beverages quickly, the food came out very fast, and she did check on us multiple times.  Overall, the restaurant was clean, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I just think the food fell short.  I do not mind waiting an extra 5 minutes for our food to ensure that the bacon is cooked fresh.   I debated on 3 stars since there were many positives, but ultimately, if you are a breakfast place, and you are screwing up bacon, it is an unforgivable offense.I would give it another try if I was in the area because of all the positives.  Could have just been an off day.
5	Great coffee. Locally roasted beans.  Sour dough French toast.  Great has browns. Five egg white scramble is delicious.
4	Good food. also had the sexiest server. not sure if she is asian or mexican. but love the fake eyelashes and tight shirt
3	I had the ham & eggs with pancakes & hash browns.  The food is good, but the 4.5 stars is not an accurate rating for here.  The other 4.5 rating places I have dined at were incredible.  This was just a decent breakfast.
1	The man and I decided to try a new breakfast joint. Chose this place based on reviews. We have no clue how it has such high reviews. The food was way under seasoned and over cooked. He got the pork chop and eggs special. Pork chops were not seasoned at all and over cooked.  The toast seemed as if it was toasted early and left out sitting, which is understandable during busy times as they get used quickly, but it was slow. I ordered chicken fried chicken. The chicken was forgettable, the gravy was not cooked out so you could taste the starch, french toast tasted like a bland funnel cake. Service was awful as well. I asked her for the cinnamon roll to be served while we wait for our meals. She asked if we wanted it heated and we said yes. It NEVER arrived. She realized she forgot a steak knife and I asked for ketchup. She never came back with it until I had to ask for the ketchup to help me finish the meal. She dropped off the check without even asking if we needed anything else.The only good thing was the coffee. No return business from us.
5	Wow! This is a breakfast restaurant on steroids.   The food is big (portions), the selection is humongous, the calorie count of most dishes is super high, and so is the flavor!Prices are reasonable, really about Denny's level. Bambi & I ate, & ate & ate for $25.I don't give out 5 star ratings liberally, this place earned my highest recommendation.
5	Best breakfast spot! Great friendly staff! The coffee is delicious, fresh squeezed orange juice! Cage free eggs, organic milk and hormone free 100% black angus beef! Locally roasted fair trade coffee!
5	Loved this place. Friendly staff, great food and reasonable prices! Definitely would recommend the original breakfast house to others !
4	A delicious concoction of scrambled eggs, sausage, onion mushroom, and home fries, that looks like something I'd make, but tastes so much better! Great decaf, coffee and they even had soy milk! Very accommodating, and friendly staff too.
4	My Mom and I tried this restaurant after a few friends had mentioned it on Facebook. The pancakes here are the best that I have ever had. Big and fluffy and super delicious. The portions are big and the food is great. All of the Staff members that we talked to were very nice. The food is much better than Denny's and IHOP. The price is very reasonable. Will definitely be coming back
4	This place is great! I ordered the 5 egg white scramble and it was right up my ally! A lot of places try to do a healthier option and the portion size is really small, but not this. My boyfriend ordered the El Paso omelet and didn't really like it, but mine was great! Elen was our waitress and she was wonderful :)
5	We love this place for breakfast.  Sometimes there can be a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.  Good food and excellent service.  We went today for breakfast with a large party and they were very accommodating!
4	There's typically a 15-20 minute wait when we come in on Sundays, but that's to be expected. Servers are quick and friendly, the pancakes are fluffy and have a hint of lemon zest which is so good! My only disappointment is the limited menu. The omelets have kinda weird ingredients and are very, very rich. Before going, I'd definitely give it a once over to make sure it has something you'll like.You get your bill and pay up at the entrance, so the turnover is pretty quick. Very good and efficient!
5	Have only had breakfast here but it's always been terrific. Food is excellent, large portions and outstanding service.
3	Tried this place for the first time yesterday. I had high expectations from all the good reviews on Yelp, but I was disappointed with my meal. I ordered the French toast special, and wanted to try the strawberry flavor but was told it would be $2 extra. No thanks. So I got the original kind with 2 eggs and substituted hash browns instead of bacon/sausage. The latter two items were all right, nothing to rave about. I thought the French toast would be amazing since they use sourdough bread and add orange zest and vanilla, but it turned out to be too heavy and not very good. I'd rather go to Village Inn, they've got a great V.I.B special (choose 4 items for $7).
4	Denver omelette with hash browns and bicuits and gravy...big enough for two. Great service and delicious meaty omelettes. 20 minute wait on a Saturday at 10 am, but worth waiting for.  If you are from san diego think " family house resteraunt"!  Friendly prompt service, roll back to the 70's!!!  Upgraded atmosphere would make it 5 stars, was loud and "open" seating, family style!
5	Just can't beat this place for breakfast.  The staff is so incredibly friendly and upbeat.  Our hostess,  Zoey, was a sparkling young girl who greeted us and made us feel welcome.  Everyone here is cheerful and actually seem to like working here. And the food is great too. Check it out, you wont be disappointed.
3	The orange juice was good, the service was friendly.  My husband got the chocolate chip raspberry pancakes, and I got the banana pecan French toast.  They were both ok.
5	The portions are big. The food is fresh, organic, local, and delicious. They have simple options, and some different ones like the chorizo omelette. Fresh squeezed orange juice was awesome
5	Delicious! Home fries ( chopped potatoes) sooo good. Have to be crispy though.. They make the best poached eggs, and they are cage free :)  They have the best jam I have ever tasted.. Its locally sourced without high fructose corn syrup and GMO bullsheet.  Great service as well, everyone is sooo sweet from the host to the servers.
5	Must try. We were in from out of town and this place was highly recommended. We had the french toast and pancakes. Both were excellent with a unique twist. Service was friendly and quick. Pricing is fair for the portion size and food quality. We will be back.
3	The cinnamon rolls are heaven..they alone receive 5 stars from me!! However, the service to me was just ok. We got seated and about 5 minutes later our server came over. My friend needed additional time and then about ten minutes later she came and took our orders. I had the French toast special. The French toast were amazing, but my eggs were in edible. I ordered then scrambled well and what I got were hard slightly burnt eggs. If she ever checked on us after we got to taste the food I would have told her this issue, but next time she came by was to drop the check and leave. I usually agree with all yelp reviews but this place didn't live up to the 4.5 stars! Overall the food was 3 stars and the service was 2 because the girls at check out are amazing! I probably only come back for a cinnamon roll n to try milkshake Mondays since I love me a good milkshake
5	This place is amazing! Best French toast in town, they use sour dough bread.  And there pancakes, amazing! Hint of lemon in the batter is so good.  They make their own strawberry jam which is so delicious.  The best part, they make fresh oj all morning so it's the first thing you smell as you walk in.  Great place for great food at a cheap price, family friendly.
3	We went on a Sunday Morning.  Big Crowd.  The service was good. The Food was OK.  I have had better but it wasn't awful.  We weren't a big fan of the french toast - very tough to cut due to the style... but to each his own, everyone has different tastes.
5	Place is solid. French toast and pancakes are very good love the banana pecan. Like supporting local small business owners. Friendly staff.
5	We like to support locally owned small businesses, and this place is great! They have the BEST coffee, roasted here in Tempe. The most delicious French toast we've ever had! Fresh squeezed o.j. (with lots of pulp), organic milk and produce plus cage free eggs are all part of what sets this place apart from other breakfast places. I'm sure we'll be back often!
4	I got out for breakfast a lot and this is a legit breakfast spot! the fresh squeezed orange juice is great and food is on point and very bright friendly atmosphere. definitely worth a try if you like a good breakfast you wont be disappointed.
5	OMG, DELICIOUS!!!As someone who LOVES breakfast, in the Phoenix area it can be hard to find.  I came across this place and there were awesome reviews, Yelp came through yet again.  This place is amazing!!  The decor is a retro modern, I loved it.  It is a cute place with great people and servers.  Very reasonably priced with big portions. Now let me tell you about the food:First of all the cinnamon roll is to die for.  One of the best I have ever had!!  We also shared a cranberry orange scone, also very good.  Their sweets are all made in house and you can tell 100%.  They are a must when here!!Now the food, also very very good!!  I had the pancake breakfast...it was 2 pancakes, eggs, and sausage or bacon for about $8.  This was very good.  The pancakes for fluffy and delicious.  My BFF had the french toast breakfast.  This was the same as the pancake but with 2 slices of french toast.  Their french toast is  awesome!!  It was like something you would find at a state fair.  It was like funnel cake french toast.  I would recommend this 100%.  My husband had the Hog Heaven omelet.  Oh my this was also delicious!!  There was so much meat and cheese in this thing it was unreal.  Also the potatoes were good!  Okay, one more thing....the OJ!!  Fresh squeezed (you can see them do it).  You get a glass for $2.75 - with a refill!!!  It was a glass of fresh, pulpy deliciousness!!Overall I would recommend this place to anyone, we will come back for sure!!
5	Super tasty, great selection, kid's meal is a bargain. And the staff are super cool. Not what I expected in middle-of-nowhere phoenix.Egg dishes rocked, especially the huevos rancheros. Try the tortilla soup also. On the lighter side, the strawberry salad was a winner (the dressing, not so much). As good as I'd expect to find back in CA.Great roadside joint in a rather odd little neighborhood.
5	I loved the San Francisco style French toast with the strawberries it was like heaven. I was in a food coma when I left this place. I like the brioche bread idea and the fact that they deep fried it so it didn't turn soggy. I Feldman like I was eating a funnel cake. The freshly baked  cinnamon rolls too the frosting tasted like it had cream cheese in it. The staff was friendly.
5	This was my second trip to OBH. I had to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke. This place is amazing! I wondered where I'd been all this time and not known about this restaurant. It's definitely a hidden gem! At this writing, it's only been open for a little over a year. The interior is sparkling clean, the booths are like new condition, the menus are in perfect condition. The staff is super-friendly and it is crowded! Even on a Friday morning about 9:30 am, which for me is a very late breakfast. Still, we were seated right away with exceptionally quick service from the wait staff and kitchen. The owner runs a tight ship here. He personally served our meal and made sure we were taken care of. Now to the best part, the food. I ordered the French toast, which comes San Francisco style. That's a way to add a whole lot of yum to the generic version with a crispy fried coating. While the full entree prices seem a little high to me, the portions are huge and could be split between two people. My wife had a very reasonably priced two eggs any style, hash browns, home fries or pancakes for under $6. The two french toast entree is around $7. Most of the other entrees that I saw are in the $8-10 range. The food is amazing. They proudly point out they use only free range chicken eggs, freshly ground coffee and squeezed-that-morning orange juice. This is an incredible family style restaurant that serves amazing food for breakfast and lunch. I highly recommend Original Breakfast House.
4	Will def be back , great breakfast food .. Unique deep fried French toast . The fresh squeezed Oj is so good , and you get 1 refill with the Oj (most places you don't) . Even the jelly for your toast is homemade . So many good sounding choices on the menu . A must try if your in the area !
4	Great portions and tasty lunch.  We stopped by after an appointment nearby.  I had an open faced chili cheese burger and my partner had a NM green chile burger. We also split a larger cinnamon roll. We totally enjoyed this neighborhood comfort food place.  Next time we're in the neighborhood we are stopping by again.
5	Friendly service from the time you step into the door until you leave.  We got the hot chocolate, fresh squeezed Oj, ooey gooey scramble and the French toast. Hot chocolate was the size of a soup cup and perfectly topped with whip cream!Fresh squeezed Oj WITH a free refill. Where else can you get that??My husband and I could have easily shared the scramble. I ended up taking half home. My 8 and 10 year old ordered French toast off the adult menu. They would have been just fine ordering from the kids menu or sharing one adult meal.  We took over half home. We're from out of town and so happy we found this place.  Thank you Yelpers!!
5	Great breakfast.  Friendly staff.  Clean resturant.   You should try the fresh squeezed orange juice.  Adds a nice touch.  Menu is divided into Breakfast and lunch but I've yet to have a problem ordering the OBH burger at 9 am.  Manager and his son are constantly roaming the floor,  clearing tables, and ensuring the meal was good.  Just the right amount of service.  Wait staff is consistent and happy to come to work.  :)
5	My girlfriend brought me here after raving about how delicious it is. Well, they definitely made a good impression from the beginning. Even though we were a party of two people and there was a table for two available, the gentleman who seated us realized that the available table was wedged between two crowded parties and might not be the most pleasant place to sit. After explaining this about 2 minutes later he came and directed us to a spacious booth. We did not tell him we did not want the table, he simply did this on his own accord. It may seem small gesture but it was a Saturday morning completely packed and I'm sure it would have been easier to get another party seated.  The front-end get 5 star rating, and the food was 5-stars as well.  We will be back.
3	I had the ham & eggs with pancakes & hash browns.  The food is good, but the 4.5 stars is not an accurate rating for here.  The other 4.5 rating places I have dined at were incredible.  This was just a decent breakfast .
5	The OBH is nothing short of amazing from cover to cover. The service is great, the staff is friendly, the owner "John" bops around to your table. The atmosphere has got a nice retro feel, but clean and easy on the eyes. The food is outstanding. I have eaten here many times and I have yet to be disappointed. I love that everything is locally grown, fresh and John and his crew do it all from scratch! Saturdays and Sundays this place is hopping, a little less crowded during the week. Check it out, it is worth a little drive!
4	The French toast is amazing. All of their batter has a hint of lemon to it which I think is fantastic but my wife hates. Fresh orange is great but the glass is small and you only get one refill. The wait time can be long but that is due to the great food. Service is hit or miss.
4	Tried the restaurant for the first time today, and so happy I did. Took my mother there for lunch. I had the loaded BLT, and my mom had the tuna salad sandwich.  The portions were big and it was very tasty!  Inside it is was very clean, and had service with a smile!  Brought home some of their cinnamon rolls too. Will definitely be back again, but this time for breakfast!
4	Amazing! Hands down one of the best restaurants for breakfast in North Phoenix. It is clean, the food is delish and out server, Ms. Divina, is fantastic. She went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied! If you want a great experience, sit in her section. The cost is reasonable too - approx $10 a person. Oh, and if u are a hot tea drinker like me, they have an excellent variety to choose from.  The time is 7:48 am and they are already busy!
5	This was quite a surprise. I am always a little leery about breakfast places. The food was excellent and the service outstanding. I would definitely go here again if I am in the area.  If you're looking for French Toast and love funnel cakes from the fair, this us the place for you.
5	We came here a day early for Mother's Day. It was busy but not overly (was told 25 min wait, ended up being a 15 min wait). The Banana Pecan French toast is THE best I have ever had, hands down. My husband had the Big Gooey Mess. He raved about it.
4	Came here for Mother's Day breakfast! It was awesome! Dezarae was great with suggestions and helped us make our decisions.I got to try the chicken fried steak, gooey mess scramble, banana pecan French toast, and oatmeal for myself. It's no wonder this place has such great reviews! It all was delicious... Oh and don't let me forget about the fresh squeezed orange juice!Great place for breakfast! Definitely will be back.
5	This is a 5-star place for my family! We have been here several times and the food and coffee are great. For mother's day we were able to get in within 15 minutes and my mother-in-law and I got the special which was a caprese omelet with fresh heirloom tomatoes and fresh basil. Amazing! We even felt comfortable bringing a toddler and a 1 year old and they blended right on in. So, in all, great food, great ambiance for a young family and great coffee (which is super important to me) and the price is right, about what you expect for breakfast these days.
4	I LOVE this place!!!  GREAT food and everyone is super friendly!!!  We come here at least twice a week!!!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Wonderful food and attentive service.  They have a good kids menu along with fresh OJ in a kids size.  I had the French toast combo with eggs and bacon.  French toast is a must try!
5	The French toast was awesome. Get two slices with whatever else you order. Don't be cheap either, spring for the Vermont maple syrup. My steak was cooked perfectly and my eggs weren't greasy. I can't wait to come back with my family.
5	My Dad took me here for breakfast today and it was amazing! I had the Huevos Rancheros which was delish! Everyone I was with really enjoyed their food...great portion and prices :)
5	Loved it here!  The staff was friendly, the food was great, and not enough can be said about that orange juice!I came in on a Saturday morning at about 9:30 and had no trouble finding two spots at the counter.  The waitress quickly greeted us and by looking on Yelp beforehand I knew I had to try the orange juice.  Sitting at the counter I was able to watch this stuff get fresh squeezed right in front of me before getting poured into my glass!  It's thick and pulpy and has just the right amount of sweetness.  It's on the pricey side but you do get a refill, which came at the perfect time when my meal arrived.I had the El Paso omelet with chorizo, black beans, sour cream, guacamole, and pico de gallo.  The three egg omelet was stuffed with what I considered to be very good chorizo.  Next time I'll ditch the black beans, but I enjoyed having the guacamole and sour cream to put on top.  I didn't realize I could get both home fries AND pancakes with my omelet.  Needless to say, I had to waddle myself out of the restaurant after scarfing that all down!  Such is life...From the time I sat down to the time I paid and left totaled about 40 minutes, which is ideal for a Saturday morning breakfast.  The crowd waiting outside at about 10:15 was pretty big, so I'd recommend coming earlier if you can roll out of bed that early.
5	Hard to find good breakfast in Phoenix, but this place is great. Perfect atmosphere. Great food.
5	Honestly, the food is probably a solid 4 stars but the service was probably the best I've ever experienced at a breakfast place.  Everyone from the servers to the hostesses to the bus people were awesome and therefore the 5 star review.I ate the big gooey mess dish and my wife got the French toast.  We will be back.
5	The pancakes here are amazing. I love the hint of lemon. The staff is super friendly and overall service is great.
5	This restaurant has become our go-to weekend breakfast spot. Not only is it close to home, but the food and service are great.Love the orange juice, lemony pancakes, omelets, and biscuits & gravy. Yum!
4	OBH knows how to do breakfast right! Great service, great food, at a good price. We've been there for Sunday breakfast two weeks in a row and not a single disappointment. The french toast is SO good! I love that it feels like a little "greasy spoon" type diner, but they servie cage-free eggs and locally sourced ingredients. We'll definitely keep this place on our list of regular spots.
4	Good food. Should have stuck with breakfast items instead of lunch.  Burger was not bad but not amazing.  Pancakes where amazing and so was potato salad
5	My wife and I have been going to this place every Saturday for the last three months. This place is great. The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.
5	Chorizo burrito was awesome!!!! It was the special and there was no disappointments.  My Co worker got the chocolate chip pancakes and they looked amazing. He was happy with them too. Coffee is a tad weak but I do like strong coffee so who knows. Still good flavor. 2nd time here and we will be back.
5	Stopped in for breakfast during work and I loved it!! I think this May be family Owned which is always a plus! I love to support local businesses instead of billion dollar corporations. I got the raspberry chocolate chip pancakes which were amazing!!i should have took a pic as the presentation was also great! The servers were nice and very fast. Next time I want to try the cinnamon roll(looks like a Cinnabon but better) that you can substitute instead of toast for a dollar! Will be back!!!
5	This place is great. You must have the San Francisco style french Toast. Get it with the strawberrie preserve. Best breakfast place in the neighborhood
5	The hubs and I came here for lunch today.  I had the french toast special that comes with 2 slices of their signature french toast, 2 eggs, and 2 slices of bacon or sausage.  I, of course, went with the meat candy known as bacon.  I also ordered a glass of orange juice.  The hubs had the ham stacked jack sandwich with french fries and an iced tea.  The orange juice is fresh squeezed.  Literally, they juice the oranges just before pouring into your glass!  It was very delicious.  The crust on the french toast was a bit chewy but aside from that it was absolutely divine.  The eggs and bacon deliciously complimented the main dish.  The ham stacked jack sandwich and fries was delicious as well.  This was the second time I've been here and I will definitely be back again.
4	I had just gotten out of doing my nails this past Saturday and was craving brunch. Free Saturdays haven't been on my plate for a while until this year, so I love to enjoy brunch every so often, even if it's alone.Of all the sort of near-ish brunch places, OBH won out by a mile. It's in a silly, old little strip mall where there's some kind of church and from what other reviews say, Alice Cooper's Teen center. Go figure. But don't let the surroundings fool you- this place really is a gem. It was packed when I got in, but the advantage of dining for one is that you often get seats at the bar without waiting. I sat right down and my waitress was prompt and sweet. The menu is on the short side, but not lacking in choices- just enough to entertain without overwhelming you. I am a bit disappointed by the lack of brunch cocktails, but not a big deal, there's more time later for debauchery. I'm torn by a few options, but wound up getting the chili cheese omelette and splurge on getting sausage gravy on my biscuit as well. The chili was wonderful, and the omelette crazy fluffy- not too much cheese. Pretty awesome. My fruit was fresh, but honestly the most outstanding thing that day was the sausage gravy. I kid you not, it was creamy and luscious and totally amazing. I'd come back for that sausage gravy! The coffee was... okay. Looking at the reviews on hindsight it almost seems like I should have gotten the orange juice later. I read the sign on the way out and see that they get locally grown, in season organic produce for their food. Pretty awesome. Next time I'm back (and I will be back for sure) I'm going to strongarm somebody in my party into getting those pancakes. And maybe the french toast, and other carbohydrate laden things that I won't get for myself but will happily nip off of other people's plates.
5	Great Home Style breakfasts!  Fresh hand squeezed OJ that they will refill one time for free!Any breakfast place that has hand squeezed fresh oj is an automatic winner!The beakfast experience just got better from there.  Great coffee, n they leave the insulated coffee pot on yur table so u can refill at yur leisureAll staff was extremely friendly and attentive. I had the delicious french toast, bacon n eggs, my daughter had "Juan's Tacos"-simple chorizo n egg mixture with perfectly cooked hash browns; my wife had the chilaquilles-a spicy number of mexican goodnessNo one had any room for the delectable looking homemade cinnamon rolls. Have to hit that next time!Definetly worth bookmarking!
5	Let me start by saying that I drove far out of my way to come here based on yelp reviews and everyone was right!! Original Breakfast House really is a gem that at least for me, was off the beaten path. Exceptionally clean, very friendly staff and their mission statement of only using locally sourced ingredients and cage free eggs made me very happy knowing that I was really supporting my local communities. Let's get down to the food, one of us had the special of the day, a spinach and bacon quiche with a side of fresh fruit. The quiche filling was phenomenal, the eggs, bacon, spinach and spices were all blended together deliciously and the side of fruit was actually fresh and cut quite well, none of that old crap you get elsewhere. I had the biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs and a side of hash browns. The biscuits were fresh homemade and fluffy, the gravy thick and creamy!The only cons were the hash browns, too greasy for me to eat and the crust on the quiche was lacking flavor and slightly undercooked. This would've been a 4 star review but the exceptionally friendly staff and the fact that it was extremely clean are what pushed this up to 5. Will be coming back to sample other items in the future!
5	The word that comes to mind is gratuitous. The portion size, the amount of frosting on the cinnamon roll, the thick slices of French toast dripping with strawberries, the sauce, garlic, and cheese on the eggs... You get the point. The result was tons of food that tasted fresh and absolutely indulgent. My only complaint is that it was so good I ate myself sick.
5	Wasn't expecting a great breakfast, but I got one! 1 and a 1/2 actually because I ate the rest of wifey's as well.The food is much better quality than you would think based on appearances. Its a little dive like but that's where the gems are usually hidden!We will be back, soon!!!
5	So. Much. Food.  And oh so delicious. We'll be coming back for sure! The freshly squeezed OJ is a must! Comes with 1 free refill and it's truly fresh and awesome! Makes you question what's in the ones they sell at the stores ;-)
4	Yum! Solid breakfast joint in the middle of a random strip mall. It can get kinda crazy here over the weekend, so you might be in for a wait, but I've never had to go longer than 15-20 min. The staff is all super friendly. They all seem happy as heck to be working there, serve up dishes with a smile, and are more than willing to offer up suggestions from the menu. I've had the linguica with eggs a few times, yum. Perfect hangover cure. I've also had a few bites of the chicken fried chicken which was divine (give me MORE gravy please!)Also, huge portions for the prices! Nothing on the menu seems to be overly expensive and I always have leftovers for second brunch later. OBH definitely makes getting out of bed after a late night just a little bit easier. Just remember, there will be children, lots of little children.
4	Chili omelet with hash browns and pancakes! Good flavor, just the right amount and good service. I'll be back, next time lunch!!!
4	Biscuits and gravy were super yummy!!! Coffee was not super strong.  Staff was very friendly.
3	Better than McDonalds breakfast. I'm not a local but I've had better.  Eggs were overcooked but the toast wad terrific. Staff was very good, and polite. Food was good but not great. Expect a 3 not a 4+.
4	They have water waiting on the table which is amazing. The food was good and the atmosphere was very nice. It would be five stars if they would take down the picture that says they give free refills on orange juice. That is actually one of the main reasons we chose this place. The price is incorrect and they don't give free refills. It's fresh squeezed which I'm assuming some or most people prefer. I'm not a pulp guy. The business owner reached out to explain. Shows an excellent level of care.
5	Holy large portions, Batman!  I got the Big Gooey Scrambled Mess, a mix of eggs and various other breakfast meats/veggies and I was bust-a-gut full after only eating about 1/4th of it.  The preserves they serve with toast had to have been homemade because you can't get anything that good out of a jar.  The pinnacle of the breakfast was by far the fresh squeezed OJ.  I am a self proclaimed OJ snob, and I was about ready to do backflips over the deliciousness of OBH's OJ.  You get a refill with each OJ order, so you don't have to ration it to make it last throughout the meal.
4	Good quality food. Has become my favorite breakfast spot since moving into the area. Even borrowed some of their ideas to incorporate into recipes at home.
5	Had one of their specials of the day for breakfast: pulled BBQ pork with eggs and potatoes.  SO good!  Everything we had was great and the service was really friendly.
2	The pictures looked great and given several of the reviews, I was really looking forward to visiting OBH. It was mediocre at best. Hopefully I was just there on a bad day. There were only a few tables with customers at 7 AM  and one waitress. Just nothing special at all. The gravy on the side for $1.50 would have filled a shot glass and not much more. The highlight of the meal was the hot sauce sitting on the table. I have used this sauce before (made in Gilroy, CA the garlic capital of the world, but a pepper base) and have not seen it for about 3 or 4 years, it was excellent.
4	Breakfast at this joint is wonderful. They offer a wide variety of delicious food at remarkably affordable price points. Specials abound and they even leave a coffee pot on your table!Our server, Dezarae, made the experience memorable. When we asked what was delicious she was so cute. Her excitement bubbled over. I took the first suggestion offered and was very, very happy. The Juan Tacos are robust in flavor, needing little to perfect them. I did sprinkle in a bit of the guac and salsa to try. Excellent stuff.I fork sampled the El Paso (an omelette with chorizo and green chilis) and one of the specials, Triple Berry French toast. I'm happy to report that the chorizo was spicy and not overcooked. The french toast was deep fried. Perhaps a heart attack in the making but I'd definitely try that solo.Portions here are large. Definitely shareable. But why would you do that? Go family style and try different things!
5	We only had to wait about 15 minutes on a Sunday morning. The service was excellent and so was the food. I had the banana pecan French toast. One of our kids is not a breakfast eater and he was able to order a bacon cheeseburger.
3	pernaps i was expecting too much.  had the blackberry pancakes.  kindy pricey.  it wasn't bad but just didn't stand out.  the noise level was not average it was kind high and the tables are way too close together.  i might give them another try sometime but no hurry there.
3	The husband and I went here last weekend with a couple of friends. There were some highs and lows to the visit. The other couple was there when we arrived and they had ordered a cinnamon bun. That was the high. This cinnamon bun was good... the frosting was a little tart, possibly cream cheese based... it was delicious. After that, things were just ok. Their coffee was fine ,but nothing special. The OJ, like others have said, is fresh squeezed and comes with a refill, which is generous of them. I had the egg sandwich for breakfast and, unfortunately, it just wasn't that great. It had a ton of bacon on it.... way too much, I had to take at least half off. The rest of the sandwich was lacking in flavor. It came with home fries, which were not very crunchy. The husband had blueberry pancakes, which were alright, but again, nothing special. I would come back here if invited, but I don't think I would drive out here again on my own.
5	Great place! Busy on a Sunday morning...but the line moved right along and wait wasn't too long. French toast is deep fried and it was delicious! Order coffee, they bring a carafe, same with water--I really appreciated this. Will definitely return!
5	ya  this is as good as it gets....... service is unbeatable!!went this last sunday for the first time,  ok I picked a omelet that I was not very fond of....with out batting a eye lid the whipped me up the John Wayne (denver omelet) and it was as good as denver omelets get...fantastic  hash browns were fantastic  my wife had the french toast  very unique  everything we had was great  but the thing that stood out the most was the service,  we will return again and again  its very difficult to find places these days with service like this,  the way it should be.....  sorry no pics  I was to busy eating!!
5	Came her for breakfast while on vacation. It was the best breakfast we have had. The cinnamon rolls are amazing, the pancakes are fantastic and the French toast was unbelievable. Great place for breakfast!
5	Hubs and I stopped in for breakfast after our Doctor's appointment and we weren't disappointed. Owner greeted us at the door, our server, Gina, was a delight, the owner's son checked to see if we were OK, as did the daughter-in-law. Such personal service is rare in this day and age. The food was top notch and the coffee was delicious. We both had a sense of deja vu, as the place takes you back to those good things you remember about home. Clean, bright and warm. Will be going back soon!
5	Probably the best breakfast I've had in PHX. The French toast is amazing! I had the ooey goeey egg scramble and it was awesome! My wife had Juan's Tacos which she really liked! We will definitely be coming back! The place was packed when we got here so be prepared for a wait, but they were quick to turn tables
5	El paso omelette is the shit. Triple berry french toast,  also amazing. The coffee is great too!
5	Great service, quality ingredients including coffee which tends to slack at most breakfast places. Fresh orange juice. Enjoyed everything we ordered and for how busy they were the food was out to the table quickly & piping hot. There was one mishap which ruined a slice of sourdough french toast - salt in the sugar shaker!
2	I came here because of the high ratings on Yelp, but it was really a disappointment. I went on a weekend for brunch around 10:30 am and we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 2 people, not a bad wait considering how busy it was. We had to wait about 7 or 8 minutes before anyone came over to the table to take our drink order, so by that time, we had decided what we wanted to eat, and just ordered all at once. I got the Farmer's Market omelet, which came with hash browns and toast. I also got the freshly squeezed orange juice, which came with one free refill - this was probably the best part. The food came pretty quickly, and it wasn't that good, the cheese wasn't melted enough, all of the veggies kept falling out of the omelet. Also the glasses and silverware looked like they still had food on them. A lot of the servers looked like they have not taken a shower in days and the overall vibe of the place was more like a diner that you go to at 3 am than a family restaurant. I will not be returning, I think this place was really overrated.
5	It's jolly good! Unpretentious dining place. I want a good and local place for breakfast or brunch - here it is! Tasty menu (pancakes !) and reasonable prices. Try it out!
5	Hello fellow Yelpers! Tired of going to your chains such as Denny's, IHOP and Waffle House? Then I'd suggest you run your azz over to Original Breakfast. NOTE: Be prepared to wait for a table. Yes, they're pretty slammed on the weekends. I ordered the Big Gooey Scramble Mess and when I tasted it, thought I was in some divine universe because I heard harps and saw angels circling. True story.Even their black coffee was great, ppl! And, it was presented in our very own carafe for self-service warmups?! Whaa?? Service was so accommodating (by bestie and I prefer to sit in booths on the perimeter, not at table in middle of room), by moving us to a better table. Our server did frequent check-ins and answered our questions without any 'tude. I did tip her very well. So, it's settled - I think I'm in lust/love with this restaurant. I'm in deep, folks.
5	Found this great breakfast place on Yelp!  What a treat!    I had the El Paseo omelet.  Such a flavorful combination!  The service was great.  They also have baked goodies!  I got a Cranberry Orange Scone to go and had it later that day. It was awesome.  I would rate this place in my favorite 3 breakfast places in the Phoenix area.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Great service fantastic food.  They make fresh squeezed orange juice EVERYDAY!  The portions are large and the food is made fresh, nothing comes from frozen.  If you want a real home-cooked breakfast this is the place.
3	It was just ok. Gluten free pancakes were good but a little sweet. The Popeye omelette was just ok also. Cute inside and the service was good.
5	So good! Friendly staff. Tasty food. Cute diner vibe. Clean. Open and airy. Cinnamon roll is to die for.
5	I came here at the recommendation of a friend at work.  I started with a bottled iced coffee they have here called Cortez Coffee Co. Which is a Sumantran coffee. Very rich, dark, and flavorful.  I had the El Paso Omelette. For a choice of bread they offered sourdough, white, wheat, or pancakes......yes two pancakes as your bread choice. I got the sourdough. Because I didn't want to feel like a fatty, although I am one.The El Paso has a generous amount of of chorizo which I was happy to see because most restaurants can be stingy with it. It also comes with cheddar cheese, black beans, and green chilies.  Surprisingly it's not as spicy as you would expect.  The service was very friendly. We were greeted within second of walking into the place and were sat quickly.  Keep in mind we came at 9am so the traffic is very low.  Our server was helpful and helped me identify a spice that I loved in the chorizo.Overall I will be returning to this place for breakfast.  It's a bit of a drive for me, but I like it here.
5	The place was great! Great with 3 smiling faces and 1 already had menus and seated is right away. We went in at about 8/8:30am and they had quite a crowd, but not packed. Our food came out fast, coffee was really good. My boyfriend got the gooye scramble, which was really good. The pancakes have a hint of something In them that makes them different but GOOD, they are nice a fluffy. The toast was a little on the hard side though. Everything else was great, nice atmosphere with lots of natural light. Definitely will be back!
4	My husband and I had breakfast here on a Saturday morning. It was predictably busy, but since we were ok with sitting at the counter, we didn't have to wait long at all. A few highlights: - the cinnamon roll. warm, gooey, and crazy delicious. helps that I was hungry- a free refill on the fresh squeezed oj?! yes, please!! I got the refill to go (and pro tip - she gave me a little more to fill the cup all the way)So the neighborhood perhaps isn't the greatest and the views aren't anything special, but there's plenty of convenient parking and I appreciate being able to get an awesome breakfast without having to drive all the way to Scottsdale. So why only 4 stars? Hubby wasn't wowed. Maybe he didn't love the banana pancakes as much as he should have. I thought my popeye omlet was very tasty! Fast, friendly service and a decent sized menu that has all the things you'd want and more.
5	I bring my family and friends here at least every other week. Every single time we are here we get smiles from the folks who run the joint, nothing but good vibes and great service. The wait is average, about 10-15 minutes but by golly it is totally worth it. The food is fantastic every single time. I've not had something off of the menu I don't like. I must warn you, the French Toast is beyond heavenly and one bite will cause you to run back here every weekend, guaranteed!  The new pastries are phenominal and you can tell they are baked with love, not packaged. Ugh, can't say enough great stuff!
5	Been here several times now.  The food is fantastic, the staff is friendly and the food is fantastic, oh did I say that twice?  Well it is.  I've tried several different dishes now and never been disappointed.  The French Toast, linguicia scramble, biscuits and gravy, have all been awesome.  My buddy tried the chicken fried steak and eggs and was equally pleased.
5	Based on all of the positive reviews we went to the Original Breakfast House yesterday for breakfast.  We expected to wait for a table and indeed there was about a 25 minute wait.  But, aside from that, it was really a delightful experience.  Aside from the food, which was really good, the service and attitude of the wait staff was wonderful!  Every single person with whom we spoke had a smile on their face, was very polite, accommodating and professional - very surprising for a lower priced, family style restaurant.  Our server, Divina, was exceptional!  She was prompt, attentive, friendly....  simply a delight!  I hope the owners of this restaurant realize how fortunate they are to have employees such as this! As far as the food - we each ordered a Morning Glory muffin (a carrot cake like muffin with raisins and nuts) which was served warm and was absolutely to die for!  My husband ordered the El Paso Omelette with hash browns while I ordered the Chicken Apple Sausage Scramble with fruit.  We both loved our choices.  I can't believe I have lived in the area for 14 years and am just now learning about this place.  It will, no doubt, be one of our regular breakfast spots from now on!
5	Fantastic place for breakfast.  They have the most sinful cinnamon rolls... Staff is always friendly and attentive.
4	I came here wanting to support a local business and something that was not Dennys. I got the biscuits and sausage gravy. Came out cold but it was very tasty. Also got the Denver omelette with the hashbrowns and whole-wheat toast. The toast was amazing fresh and thick, Denver was pretty good and Hashbrowns were really good but could've been cooked more they weren't very crispy on top. Coffee was so good I almost drank the whole mini picher they gave me. All around the atmosphere is awesome and the people are so nice, I will DEF come back here for sure. Please support local and not chains. Oh and they play Elvis Pressley songs.
5	I recommend the restaurant and I had Five Egg Whites Scramble. I asked for regular eggs, however.  It was delicious.I asked Elen for something good for my figure.  The dish had spinach, mushrooms, onions and cheese.  The fruit bowl had strawberries, melon and grapes.  The cottage cheese was good too.I will come back again and recommend it to friends.Elen was friendly, helpful and fast.My total bill was $13 including coke and tax.
4	First time visiting this spot today with my family and I couldn't say enough good things about it. The food was AMAZING, price was good for portion size and the service was also great,  thanks to our server Nichole. Only bad thing today was there was also a car show in their parking lot so that made parking a hassle, but I wouldn't ding them for that next time ill just check for current events first. We had about a 30 min wait but it was totally worth it. We will definitely be back soon!
4	Went out with the family for some breakfast at a place we had never had. A quick search on yelp and we landed at Original Breakfast House.When we arrived they were also having a car show in the parking lot and parking was very difficult, almost left, but we ended up parking across the street. Place was packed which in my eyes is a good sign, after about a thirty min wait for a party of three we were seated.My wife and I got menus and our five year old got nothing, I do not believe they have a kids menu. My wife got the El Paso omelette. The serving size is huge and on top of that it comes with hash browns and two pancakes! My daughter got the pancake special and she absolutely loved it. I ended up going with Juan's tacos and I highly recommend it. Price per person was under $10, and portion sizes were awesome. Place is relatively small but you have enough room to enjoy your meal and your company, with the lack of size it can be a tad bit noisy but don't let that keep you away. Great experience and great food we will definitely be going back soon!
5	We live close so we get to come here often. The food is delicious, the service is great and the music is the best! :)
5	Excellent breakfast stop. My wife had the French Toast and thought it was the best French toast that she has ever had. The sausage was delicious and the cinnamon rolls are really good. The one knock against the cinnamon rolls is they use a cream cheese based frosting of which is not my favorite but otherwise very good overall. The other nice perk is they have fresh squeezed oj and one free refill.
5	My pecan and banana french toast was amazing. My boyfriend had the chicken fried chicken which was just as good. We decided to try this place after a friend recommended it. We typically do breakfast out on Sundays and go to US Egg. This restaurant was much yummier than US Egg and much cheaper. I think we found a new Sunday breakfast lunch place!We waited about 20 minutes for a table and it was worth the wait.
5	The French toast is deep fried and epic!  Eggs were slightly runny but completely offset by the fantastic hash browns and sausage links.  Others in my party had pancakes that were delicious and the OJ seemed to actually be fresh squeezed. Basically if you're looking for a traditional breakfast place, and not a healthy low fat place, this is what you're looking for.  I will definitely going back soon!
4	The owner's story of how he incorporated previous restaurants he owned and operated in Cal and Washington was pretty cool to see in a family breakfast joint such as this.  The building use to be an old Denny's so it has that classic dinner feel but the interior definitely is more Caly.  The menu states the importance of how all the food and ingredients are either organic or locally based, coffee included.  My wife was on a gluten-free diet at the time so having the wide variety of menu options made her happy, in fact the pancakes she had were the best (GF) she's ever had.  I stuck with one of their specialties, "Chxn-fried-Chxn" which came with a side of French Toast.  I would recommend getting a fresh topping on the French Toast, such as banana pecan, though it tastes good without as well.  The service was excellent even though it was busy. The owner was helping the staff in a variety of ways while keeping a smile, which is always a good thing to see.  The overall quality to portion ratio was excellent and the pricing was reasonable.  The coffee was so good I took some on the go.  The only thing it's lacking is a larger seating area, noticed families had to split booths among each other.
5	Great Place.. Always super busy but worth the wait.. Fresh squeezed OJ .. Never had bad service. Everyone is always so friendly.
4	The ham & cheese omelet was great, as were the country potatoes, but the high point for me was the fresh-squeezed orange juice. Delicious! Nice atmosphere and friendly service contributed to my very enjoyable breakfast.
5	The inside isn't much to write home about, but the food and service are Amazing. I order the "San Francisco style" French toast, which have a hint of lemon and are flash fried after being cooked the normal way. So they've got a mildly crisp outside and tender on the inside. Incredible. The service was wonderful, we were checked up on often and never ran out of coffee. Tucked away and almost easy to miss, I have to highly recommend a stop here. The place was busy when we arrived and busy when we left. I can see why.
4	My family enjoyed our breakfast here. Of course we had to wait...about 40 minutes....But that's to be expected anywhere on a Saturday morning. The food was all very good, as was the service. The big windows that wrap around the building are nice too.
5	Came here the other day and got the parfait and it was wonderful and huge. Service and atmosphere were pleasant.
5	Fantastic local breakfast joint. Unpretentious and warm service. The 5 egg white scramble is good, but it is out of this world once you add the chorizos on it. Portions are monstrous so don't over do it. The El Paso omelette is also really good. Both came with sides of pancakes that have an awesome lemon zest taste. Definitely will come back.
5	Proof that you don't need fancy when the hospitality is genuine and the food is authentic. Place has wonderful energy - the entire Team is "ON IT"!!
5	Fantastic.  Worth the 30 minute drive. Had huevos rancheros verde with poached eggs and it was just absolutely delicious with good heat. Waitstaff were very friendly, always smiling and attentive.  I'll be back when I'm in Phoenix.
5	This place is the absolute best with out a doubt.the food is original the service is top notch and its worth every penny. Denny's ,IHOP or who ever can't even compete.by far my favorite place to eat.I wake up early just to get in there. Except for the 1.25 for an extra slice of bacon .
5	Fan-f**ing-tastic! The food was great and the service was spectacular. I won't bore you worth the details of our order, but I will say that we enjoyed our meals. The only thing I'll write that's close to a complaint was about my pancakes. They charge an extra $1 for strawberry topping, but when the plate arrived, there were only about three [strawberries] on the plate. A nice gentlemen (the owner maybe?) ended up getting me almost a bowl full to make up for it. Kudos to him. Oh!! Also be prepared for a little bit of a wait. Took about 20 mins, but it was worth the wait. Bonus 10 points: Our waitress chased us out to the parking lot when she discovered an item was missing from our extra to-go order was missing. Bonus 5 points: All the other patrons were really nice folks. This was definitely a "family friendly" atmosphere.
4	The wait was not too long.  Food came out fresh, fast and hot.  Plenty of coffee and ice water.  I'd come back again.
5	I have really nothing to say but if you don't eat here, you're missing out. Best breakfast ever. Service is fast and fantastic. Lemon hinted pancakes?! YES PLEASE.
5	I discovered this place because my church shares the same parking lot.  Yelpers here got it right: fresh and yummy food, great service, and an owner who really cares - not just about his customers, but about the neighborhood. As mentioned already, along with decent prices there is a wait on weekends, but folks are waiting for a reason. GREAT PLACE to show your support for small, independent restaurants that need local support to survive and flourish; they have earned our business. Oh... and while I've loved everything I've eaten, I especially like their sausage and pancakes, although I'm going to have to try out the deep fried french toast and spinach omelet others here have reviewed LOL
5	This was a clean quaint place I really enjoyed the breakfast and the company the staff was very hospitable.Although my state did not come out as I ordered they were more than happy to cook me a new one and it was perfecto as well as the entire breakfast. A bit of a drive for me from surprise Arizona but well worth the trip and I didn't even get sick afterwards!
5	This was my second time here. The gluten free banana and granola pancakes with a side off nice thick cut bacon. Fantastic and I don't eat gluten free. For a buck try the real maple syrup. It tastes not so sweet and it makes the granola and banana combo awesome. Setvice Is outstanding.
4	Fast service with very friendly staff. Loved the mom and pop feel!Pancakes were amazing. Had the pumpkin pecan-this is a must. Also ordered the raspberry chocolate very fluffy and delicious. And the banana pecan French toast was like eating an elephant ear its DEEP FRIED. wasn't my favorite because I'm not of fan of deep fried. Others at the table order the chorizo taco with awesome potatoes and chicken sausage scramble.   Enjoy!
5	This place was fantastic! Food was all made in house and service was great. Had the corned beef hash with big chunks of house made corned beef and fresh potato, so good!!!! It is now a family favorite.
5	So glad we found this place! Everything was fresh, delicious and well presented. Service was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly. Fresh OJ with a refil included was great and they even offered to let us take more coffee to go gratis. Gluten free options and excellent substitutions available to customize an already rocking menu. Worth the trip!
5	Great menu. Awesome food. Place was packed and had a wait for good reason! I There is pretty much every thing you can imagine on the breakfast menu and all the dishes that came to our table were great and the portions huge (you could easily split!).
5	I had the tuna melt and monday milkshake. Both were very good and I would recomend them to eat at.
4	Good sized portions. Staff is quick to clear plates from tables. Friendly service.
5	You will not be disappointed with your breakfast here.  The Spam and eggs is no joke.  It is REALLY good.  They have jelly they make themselves that is phenomenal.  The gravy on the biscuits and gravy is one of the best I have ever had.  The ham is the most tender and delicious I have ever had.  Like every other good breakfast place in town you will need to wait to get in on the weekends.  But it is worth the wait.
5	I've been waiting and waiting to try Original Breakfast House for a really long time but never had the time. Lucky me I was able to make it today. I drove right by it even when I knew where it was. The front is facing the parking lot and the side is facing 32nd street. Walked in and it seemed very casual. The decor is hard to describe. I would have to say homie. Staff is homie wearing normal clothes and nothing to separate them from customer. Unique. Anyways, we were greeted right away, seated with a smile, and our waitress welcomed us right away. Very nice. We started off with their freshly squeezed orange juice. Room temperature with the pulp. Really good. Loved it. You also get one free refill. Make sure you get the refill. I realized that all these breakfast joints are all the same but what separates the good one from the great ones is their pancakes and French toast. Couldn't figure out which one to get today so I ordered the pancake special with blueberry pancakes, eggs, and sausage. I got two huge pancakes with blueberries inside and on top with maple syrup. Excellent pancakes. Nice fluffy. Really tasty with fresh blueberry. Couldn't ask for more. The eggs were good and the sausages thick and juicy. Really good breakfast. My son had the Hog Heaven omelette. It had sausage, bacon, and ham with cheddar cheese. Very surprised he ordered a omelette but then again it had bacon and he loves bacon. He told me that it was really good. He's a very picky eater so when he says it's good then it must be really good. Service was excellent. They already have a small jar of cold water at the table so you don't have to worry about refills. Only have to worry about orange juice refills which is a must. She was always asking us how are food was and kept an eye on us which was really good. So overall this was really good. Excellent food, excellent service, and homie atmosphere. What else could you ask for. For sure I'll be back again to try their San Francisco style French Toast. Enjoy.
5	Super friendly servers.  Fast service.  Had over easy eggs with sausage. Food was cooked well. And the sausage was home made and not out of a package..  Also tried the homemade hash which was also very good.   The reason for five star is the combo of super friendly people and homemade style breakfast.
5	Great food. This is now my favorite place for breakfast. The carnitas omelette is so amazing. Highly recommend.
4	What a wonderful place. Fresh squeeze OJ w/ free refill!  Cinnamon roll was a great substitute with my spinach omelet and fresh fruit. The huevos rancheros was tasty; both are good portions. Friendly staff,  seated immediately, and then it got busy. The staff was attentive and even gave me a coffee to go
3	After reading all the reviews I was excited to go here! On my first visit I had the corn beef hash which I found to be disappointing. It was cut up little pieces of corn beef, that was still tough. Corn beef is best served very well cooked and tender and shredded preferably by a blender or food processor. The mixed berry French toast looks very good so I decided to go back a second time to try those. They were very disappointing. They were deep-fried all you could taste was the oil they had been fried in the only plus to them was that the berries were fresh! With all the rave reviews i had expected a much better meal and I gave them two tries, I will not be going back again my money is better spent somewhere else.
5	On a Saturday morning at 930, we had about a 10 min wait. The staff was very friendly and the food was quick. We ordered the biscuits and gravy and the French toast.  Both were very good. They leave a carafe of water and a pot of coffee on your table so that you don't run low.  They serve cage free eggs, organic milk and focus on free trade for coffee. We will be back!
5	Awesome place! Wonderful food n Great staff! Service is fantastic! The french toast is amazing. I like the daily specials as well. Lunch has always been a nice treat. Prices are fair. Casual too. Some of us rolled out of bed and came straight here lol.
5	The prices are very reasonable and the goods is excellent! I would definitely cine again! Try the San Francisco Style French Toast! The omelets are light and fluffy and the service staff is very attentive.
5	I have now been here twice since I moved up from Tucson. The staff here is always warm and inviting; and the food is fantastic! The carnitas with green chili is amazing and the best this side of New Mexico!
4	What a wonderful place. Fresh squeeze OJ w/ free refill!  Cinnamon roll was a great substitute with my spinach omelet and fresh fruit. The huevos rancheros was tasty; both are good portions. Friendly staff,  seated immediately, and then it got busy. The staff was attentive and even gave me a coffee to go.
5	Such a great find! I am gluten free so finding places with good options is hard. I had gluten free blueberry pancakes with bacon and it was delicious! Waitress was wonderful answering all my questions and service was quick. Boyfriend had french toast with eggs and bacon and he said that was awesome. Looked good for sure! All in all great and we will be back to try more things.
5	Amazing food done with real care. The French toast is completely out of this world. Easily the best French toast I have ever had. All the ingredients are top quality and they are incredibly friendly.
5	Had brunch today at this place. Let me tell you, it was great! Not one single complain. The food came out fast and service was delightful. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Breakfast at this place is straight up amazing. I've taken multiple friends and coworkers, as well as my parents when they visited, and everybody has loved it. My go-to is the five egg whites scramble or the French toast.
5	Came back again for a late morning brunch with some lady friends after class. I love that we are greeted warmly by smiling faces. The food is always top notch, the French toast is amazing  and the oj is to die for. Freshly squeezed and you get a free refill! The owner is always there working, which means he truly cares about his business.
5	This place is so good! Came to visit Arizona for the weekend, and we were looking for a breakfast place on the way to Sedona. So happy we decided to pick obh!! I ordered the chicken sausage with scrambled eggs and side of home fries and toast. It's a little sweet too. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken with gravy and French toast. Both were so delicious. My mouth is watering again even though I just left the restaurant :') his parents also ordered two delicious plates too! (Look at pictures) The service is amazing too. I don't know if it's just Arizona but everyone I've met so far is so friendly. The hostesses when I first walked in were so welcoming and our waitress was really attentive. We also ordered the fresh squeezed orange juice! One free refill! Must try if you're ever in Phoenix :')
5	This is the real deal breakfast joint.  We had the chicken fried steak and eggs and biscuits and gravy. Both were tasty. We also tried the blackberry jam served with the side biscuit which was excellent- not too sweet. We'll be back to try the pancakes and french toast.
5	Good food and great service earn this spot 5 stars in my book. Had the French Toast with blackberries with two eggs and thick bacon. Cooked perfectly and filled me up.  Will come back when in the area.
5	Great location, excellent service and Incredible FOOD!!  They have eggs and spam! And its really good.  :)I've been back a dozen times already.
3	I was in expectation of good eats. We went here yesterday, had to wait 20 minutes.. Not bad. Our mouths were drooling, the menu sounds yummy. But when we got our food (pancakes with bananas & pecans, pancakes with raspberries & chocolate, French toast, ooey gooey mess, breakfast potatoes, scrambled eggs, sausage, & OJ) it wasn't worth the drool! If you took away the extras that they put in their pancakes, the pancakes are terrible tasting. There was no, or not much flavor to the food. To be completely honest: when you deep fry French toast, you loose the flavor of the French toast. I did like their breakfast potatoes & OJ....that's it! The service was friendly.
4	Amazing food done with real care.  The French toast is completely out of this world.  Easily the best French toast I have ever had.  All the ingredients are top quality and they are incredibly friendly.
4	What a wonderful place. Fresh squeeze OJ w/ free refill!  Cinnamon roll was a great substitute with my spinach omelet and fresh fruit. The huevos rancheros was tasty; both are good portions. Friendly staff,  seated immediately, and then it got busy. The staff was attentive and even gave me a coffee to go.
5	Best breakfast in a long time! Are you tired of ihop and Denny's than you need to try this gem.  I keep having the chicken fried steak. It is just amazing! So tender you can cut it with a fork! Service is great, fast and attentive. Get here before 9:30am or you will be waiting in line but it does move quickly. You will never eat at a chain breakfast place again!
4	French toast was delicious but... Deep fried? I didn't expect that.  Coffee was good.  A little pricy for breakfast but overall good experience.  I'd love to go back and try the fresh baked items!
