4	Blue Taj is located in the Ballantyne Village, where everything is shiny and new.  Sister restaurant to Copper,  beautiful space, great service and an expensive menu.  The restaurant is divided into sections, one is dark with pink and orange sheer curtains, a small dining room off to the side has stark white tables with blue chairs and tiny blue glass bread plates, the dining room in the back is dark wood with green chairs and green glass plates.  I thought about changing some plates around, but decided not to aggravate the nice waiters.Service is stellar and very pleasant.  I think the great service is going to carry them.  The food is very good, I am so bad, I ordered the chicken tikka masala, just like I order at Copper!  It is so yummy.  If you like heat, make sure you remember to tell them spicy.  I think it is pretty tame unless you specify!
1	I have been waiting to go to The Blue Taj for over a month..the first time we couldnt make it because of the snow fall in Charlotte. Last night we went..I wish it would have snowed! The atmosphere is eclectic Indian, thats is interesting, the menu online looks good, so we ventured off to try it. When we sat down we were served an "Amus Bouche" It is just a one bite little appertif. It was the tinest speck of pear with a golden raisin and a sprinkle of curry powder on top...Okay...not anything spectacular. We started with Appetizers, My husband had the Wok Stir Fried Filet with Peppers and  I had the Tomato Coconut Bisque. The soup was the best item of the whole night! I wish I would have had three bowls of it. My husbands stir fried filet was good and spicey but for 13.00 it was less than  1 ounce of meat. We went on to order our entrees. I chose the Lemon Chive Corvina with Leek and Wild Mushroom Stew. My husband had the Scallops Sczhuean Peppercorn Sofrito with Chinatown Green beans.My fish was a flat filet, no lemon chive sauce on it, I called the waiter over and asked him what kind of fish was this..it did not look nor taste like Corvina..he said.."Oh no we cant get Corvina so that is Halibut!" Nice of them to tell me before I ordered...It was dry and tasteless, I asked for a chutney or sauce, the waiter said sure, He brought me a bottle of Sriracha Hot Sauce. As far as the mushroom stew..there may have been Mushroom broth underneath the fish, but I saw nor tasted no mushrooms. My husbands Scallops were okay, 4 med, no flavored scallops...The meal for four of us ( the other couple had almost identical items as us) with Two glasses of wine apiece came to 204. Not worth have of that....I was so very disappointed, and hungry when I left...Just not the fusion cuisine that they advertise...No flavor...anywhere...Save your money..dont go there!
5	My husband and I went to The Blue Taj last night.  It was great.  The services was excellent.  The food was excellent. We sat outside  under illuminating wavesof  light blue and red lights covered by a big white split  cylinder shaped cover on the ceiling.  If I were to come back with the kids, I would sit inside so couples could enjoy the romance without little feet.  :) The price was reasonable for what we received.  We really enjoyed the mix of styles , but I was in the mood for indian. Everything was made from scratch, even my chai soda, which was awesome. What we ate: Peri Peri Cauliflower, apricot thyme tandoori bread, Norwegian Salmon, Chiken new deli style (which is the best tikka masala I've had in Charlotte), and a mango moose cake. I wanted Chai tea so they made me some from scratch off the menu.  I really appreciated that touch.  Execellent all around, but if you have something against indian or asian food you probably won't appreciate it.
5	Great Indian food. Their tomato soup was excellent. I also had a chicken dish that was spicey with flavor not just hot.Decor is upscale and lunch is a bargain. If you like authentic Indian food I believe you will make this place a regular lunch stop.  Staff was friendly and place is very clean.
4	I  liked this place. Funky decor, good food and accommodating but never annoying staff made this place a find. We shared the Mango Chickpea Chaat appetizer which had a nice full flavor and for dinner had vegetable korma and shahi paneer. The korma was very good, not overly creamy but I preferred the shahi paneer probably because I'm a big fan of Indian cheese plus it had a delicate flavor balancing out the sweet (raisins) with the creamy, delectable sauce. Just remember to order it according to your liking, i.e., mild, medium, spicy. I was expecting less and got way more than I bargained for in taste, atmosphere, and service.
3	We went to the Blue Taj for the first time this past Saturday night.  I love the dim lighting and Indian decor and tapestry draped in the main dining room.  It really creates the perfect ambiance.  Unfortunately, we weren't seated there.  We were seated in a white and blue modernly decorated hallway next to the windows with a wall between us and the much nicer dining room.  Our table was on the end, too, next to both sets of doors to the outdoors.  There was a lot of coming and going and blasts of heat.  Ahhh... We were seated right away for our 7:45 reservation.  We took two steps from the hostess podium and were seated.  (I told you it was close to the door.)   We received our entrees at 8:45.  We received the complimentary appetizer Naan bread soon after.  So...you tell me how our first experience was?  Our server did make sure our drinks were always filled, and the food (once it arrived, out of sequence, and all at once) was very tasty. I had the Scallop Nilgiri Kurma (Sea Scallops simmered in a herb-spice paste flavored cashew curry sauce with scallions.)  It was green and flavorful.  I hadn't had scallops in such a long time and I was impressed that they were (for once) reasonably priced at a restaurant.  Would I go back?  Hmm...probably not.  I'm sure you can guess why.  I just don't have enough hours in the day.  We were glad that we weren't doing dinner and a movie that night.
3	Indian food, Americanized :)Good service!Tables are small for the number of people to be seated.
3	We've wanted to go there since they opened and finally had an opportunity due to a tremendous offer from Restaurant.com.Blue Taj is located in the back part of Ballantyne Village, where there used to be a pizza place. The interior has been modified to be more Far East themed, but with a modern twist. In particular the space has been carved up into 'rooms', some which work better than others. Unfortunately, for those sitting by windows or outside, the view is of the Ballantyne parking deck and the dry cleaners. . .Service was inconsistent - long waits for service and food, but interspersed with really positive interactions with our waiter. In particular he was very good in explaining some of the menu options and also upselling the Sunday brunch buffet, which sounds like a great deal ($12.95 pp)!We ordered a fairly typical Indian meal - Chicken Tika Masala, Saag Paneer, Chicken Vindaloo, Raita and two different Naan's (plain and Pashwari). Overall, the quality of the food is excellent - top notch ingredients, well spiced and not greasy (a common problem with Indian food that isn't prepared carefully). While the standard spice level is mild, if you ask for hot you will get it. I was especially impressed with the Saag Paneer, the cheese was homemade and I'm fairly certain the spinach was fresh. Regarding the Naan - it was fluffy and crispy, a great contrast. I LOVE Pashwari naan and this didn't disappoint. We did not have desert (opted for frozen yogurt later). My biggest concern with Blue Taj is the pricing - simply put, the cost per dish is fairly high for what it is and the size of the order. Perhaps I am biased, having eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants throughout the world, but the price points ($13-$16 per dish) seem high given both the market and competing Indian restaurants. I suspect the owners are pricing based on what the market used to bear when the economy was better versus what the reality is today. As a result, I recommend this restaurant for the occasional date night meal, but not for regular visits or takeout.
4	This is some of the best Indian food I have ever had. The decor is clean and modern, and prices are very inexpensive. My mom and I are visiting Charlotte and came here this evening. The flavors were clean, fresh and delicious - the specific textures and flavors came out in the food, and there was no overpowering spiciness. Our waiter was friendly, had a very relaxed and calm demeanor, and was extremely helpful when it came to ordering. I've had Indian food in a lot of different places and this was honestly the best I can remember having.
3	Checked out Blue Taj for a business lunch recently and was a little underwhelmed, especially after reading some of the reviews. The place is located in the Ballantyne Village, but it's a little hidden in the back under the escalators. There is some outdoor seating but it faces the parking garage. It was also pretty dark inside, which if I was on a date, may have been ok, but for a business lunch, the mood didn't need to be set :) All the lunch entrees were under $10. Ordered the popular chicken tikka masala, which came with soup/salad. The salad didn't sound interesting, so I went with the the coconut tomato bisque. It had great flavor and set the stage for me. The entree came separate with rice and the tikka masala. The tikka masala was good, but not great. My only issue was that the flavor of the soup and the entree were so close (red cream sauce) that it felt like a continuation of the soup with some change . May not make sense, but a different soup choice would be nice especially since the tikka masala is so popular.
4	In search of Indian cuisine? It's tucked away next to the elevator...we were driving around the parking lot and ended up calling them to figure out where they were. I'm sure that happens often. (I should have paid closer attention to Todd W.'s review.)Like others, we were seated in the hallway next to the windows. Had to move because it was too chilly especially whenever someone opened the front or side doors. It was no problem to move. Great veggie dishes! Delicious rice, flavorful okra dish, and some cheesy dish in red sauce. The garlic naan was a nice touch with the entrees. Definitely order a couple dishes and share because they are very flavorful and may be too much to eat one dish only with the same flavor. We used a Restaurant.com certificate, which allowed us to choose a variety of dishes and appetizers to try. However, without a certificate it would be too pricey to eat here often. To help justify the price, I figured we're paying for the location, atmosphere, and service. Enjoy your experience!
4	First off I love indian food. My girlfriend n I we're in charlotte visiting from.california. and I wanted her to try indian food. The environment was upbeat with the decor and lighting. And the waiyets were top notch very friendly and helpful. We ordered the.chai tea and some curry dishes. Gotta order spicy tho. She orders mild and I felt.like it. Would be so much better hot. Price is good for the quality an taste.of.our.meal. 4.5/5 definitely go back and try the whole menu
5	I was in here the other day for lunch with a friend.  We were there a little later so the place really wasn't that full.I decided on the chicken tikka masala and asked for it hot.  I also went with the tomato bisque soup.  My friend got the vegetable korma (hot) with the tomato bisque as well.  We both thought the bisque was really good, no complaints!  The tikka masala and vegetable korma were both really good as well.  It's some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time.  I put would it up there with Copper as my two favorite Indian restaurants.  Both entrees with soup and naan were $9 each.  Not too pricey for lunch in my opinion.  I will be back!
4	Wonderful naan and tikka masala for Charlotte.  Adorable presentation. I liked the wine selection too.  We ordered the 3 Stones-Sauvigon Blanc, which I cannot find at Harris Teeter or Lowes, but still hunting.  Cute Atomsphere.  I will go back. The waiter was extremely accomidating for the little 3 year old. Yum!
5	Best Indian curries I have had outside of India. In fact, their chicken tikka and chicken tandi korma are absolutely delicious, make sure to get a 3 level spice if you can handle spice. The best curry I had was in Mumbai based on a local friend's recommendation. That set a tremendous standard. I will say this, Blue Taj's curries have come very close to what I had in Mumbai. The curry was well-balanced, well-spiced, and appropriately flavorful. I know it has the same owners as Blue Taj, but it must be the chef or something because It's leagues beyond Copper in terms of authentic food quality and taste.Truly the best Indian restaurant I've been to outside of India!
5	Absolutely one of the most enjoyable meals and evenings I've had in Charlotte. The food is incredibly tasty but the service is beyond anything I've experienced. Support this local Treasure!
4	Upon arriving at the Blue Taj, you are met with an ambiance that could be mistaken for a yuppie martini bar, with the fancy pastel lighting, weird fiberglass chairs and tables, etc. I usually steer clear of these types of places, feeling that they are trying to be too trendy and contemporary; This is where the management usually focuses their efforts on...form over substance, and the food is generally given a seat on the back-burner. And let's be honest, we are in Ballantyne, NC...not LA, NY, or Miami. However, we were here, and hungry, so I decided to put my misgivings aside and dive on in. Turns out, my initial worries were quickly laid to rest. The food was amazing and authentic. The Tomato Coconut Bisque had the perfect blend of sweet, spicy, and salty...my three favorite culinary attributes. For the main course, my wife chose a safe bet...Chicken Tikka Masala, which she said was out of this world. Me, being a little more daring, went with the Lamb Vind Alho (sp?). The rich spice in this dish was amazing...but at the same time, not the most overpowering, burn the roof off your mouth, Vind Alho I've ever had, which was actually a pleasant surprise. Service was great...run like a military operation, but with much more personality. Perfectly timed drink order, appetizer/entiree delivery, and check presentation. Our server took time with my wife (an Indian food first timer!) to explain certain dishes to her, even though he was clearly slammed on a busy Friday night. Price is the only issue with this restaurant...it runs a little high for Indian food. If want to keep more of your hard earned greenbacks in your pocket, but want the same quality food, I suggest Cafe Nirvana, right down the street from Blue Taj...all the same great food, with half the pretense of a trendy hangout!
5	This place seriously if they keep up the quality and customer service is one of the best indian restaurant I have ever eaten a couple of the refreshing changes to old indian classics are amazing Kudos to these guys
4	Absolutely delicious!! Well worth the Ballantyne price.  The Naan was perfectly warm and the service was fantastic. Already want to go back!
5	Today for Lunch: Dessert first!  Kulfi: Malai Kulfi: mmmmmmmmmmm.  Last time I had one before the meal and a second one before the entree.  Today I only had one.  Kulfi is a Frozen Indian Dessert and few places in Charlotte have good Kulfi (Copper has Three).    The Blue Taj makes their own (many places do not) and it is Fantastic!!!  This Malai version is: Rich and creamy flavored with Saffron and Rose water.  I'll Guess the other ingredients (Sugar, Almonds, Pistachios, Heavy Cream)?  Fantastic!Next a Very Special Salad (so special I spell it Zalad) called Kachumber - This is a simple dish with simple ingredients when mixed offer a wonderful experience:  Here's the breakdown of this amazing salad: Cucumbers, Tomatoes, RED Onion (red is a plus for me), Lime juice, Cilantro and a mix of Spices called Chaat Masala.Chicken Jhalfrazie: Chicken breast and thigh cut into chunks, sauteed with carrots, ginger, onion, red and green bell peppers, simmered in a zesty tomato base sauce.  This is very good and my third time having this dish. It is quite filling served with Basmati rice and Naan bread though not anywhere as heavy as Tikka Masala.  So I think this is a dish many will enjoy especially in the summer.  I prefer the taste of Tikka Masala though the Jhalfrazie is a great dish and change from the usual!  I ordered it medium spice level and it came out perfectly!Each course was timed perfectly and the service was fantastic!  They remember where I like to sit and ask if I would like the same table I had the last two visits - Amazing!  About half the restaurant was full at lunch time today (a Monday)!  They play so cool Indian Music - all Modern, all upbeat, some Techno - Yeah!!! Today was my 9th Dine at the Blue Taj.Chicken Tikka Malsa is one of my favorite Dishes (out of ALL Cuisines and Restaurants) and this is one of the BEST!  Tikka Masala is a "Gateway" Curry!  Yeah!  Your Sun will be Brighter on the cloudiest day!  Ahhhh!
5	If there's one thing I've eaten a lot of in my life (no, loyal fans, it's not ice cream this time) it's Indian food. This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to, and that includes restaurants actually in India (helpful note: do not eat at any restaurants in India if you ever happen to go there-- jk, why don't you try expanding your cultural horizons, douchebags!). We ordered the lamb kabob dish and it was probably the best meat I have ever had (non-sexually speaking).* The only problem I had with the food was that there wasn't enough of it -- all of the dishes were really, really small, especially for the price. The service was pretty friendly, as I learned when I was waiting by myself for 15 minutes while my brother and his girlfriend took their sweet ass time getting there after they were looking at a house they might buy (aww they are so cute). Not that I'm going to read too much into this but I think it says a lot about where I'm at in life when my brother is looking for a house with a person he's in a stable relationship with while I'm sitting by myself drinking a beer and pretending to text my friends and then saying fuck it I'm ordering some samosas for myself. Anyway the waiter was really nice and I think he sort of felt bad for me and probably thought I was lying about people meeting me there because he really chatted me up. He told me I should hella move to North Carolina (I swear if one more person tries to get me to move here SO HELP ME-- it's not happening, you guys! I haven't alienated everyone I know in the Bay Area and failed at life out there yet, but when I do, then OK I will consider it.) because he thinks North Carolina is tits or something and also people don't say hella here. My friend James tells me the word hella sounds retarded and that dude speaks with a genuine Southern accent, k? Let's think about that, Bay Area friends. And just in case someone at Yelp HQ gets a wild hair to make this an ROTD, let me just add that my newest sexual fantasy is to lick the chicken tikka masala sauce from here off of somebody's dick.** OMG my mouth just hella watered.****If you can already tell that I need to get laid soon, just keep reading because it gets worse.**I told you.***Also, please do not PM me about this.
5	I have been twice and both experiences were fantastic! The service may be a bit slow for some people's taste but the servers are very knowledgeable about the menu. I've had a variety of dishes and can't decide on a favorite. I tried the rose water & saffron ice cream on my last visit...yum. I wish they offered more wines by the glass but oh well. I will be back!
5	Blue Taj, I have waited for a year to find you here in Charlotte, and now I feel more complete. I've always thought the best Indian restaurants are in Boston, where I went to college and where my in-laws live.  But no more.  The decor is dark but bright and uber-modern, and frankly I wasn't sure if this was one of the more overrated restaurants that's all about decor, and rate low on taste.  Instead, the food is seasoned extremely well, prepared authentically, and the servers are very helpful explaining any unfamiliar menu items. I highly reccommend getting the appetizer sampler (vegetarian or meat) which is tiny, but just right to get a taste of many of their starters. Instead of ordering the usual chicken tikka, I asked my server what he recommended, and I ended up with a delicious shrimp, scallop and fish in a curry-coconut spice sauce...divine! The nan here is puffy, tender and crisp in the right places too.  Our server explained how he likes to get it out at the right time so it's served fresh and hot like it should be. My husband's kabob medly too was some of the best tandoori chicken I've ever had.  Not tough and overcooked like other white chicken dishes, but just right.  For dessert, we took some gulab jamun to go, which were tiny balls of dough, soaked in a honey syrup.  It was ok, but a nice ending to a large meal. Service: The first time we went, it was ultra slow, but the second time, we asked for expedited service so I could get back to work, and our server was spot-on and got us in and out of there in about an hour. Can't wait to go back!
3	I really enjoyed my experience at Blue Taj.  The food was really great.  The atmosphere and ambience was pretty good.  I actually sat out in the tent area that had great mood lighting!  The interior of the tent actually changed colors.  The food was really really good and full of flavor.  The service was good.  It was however, the first Indian restaurant that I had gone to...and had to pay extra for naan!  That was a little surprising...and disappointing.  However it was pretty good.  I plan on going again the next time I am in that area.  It was certainly worth the drive from downtown to Ballantyne.
4	Alright, living not too far from the village, I only saw Blue Taj recently as it's tucked back in what's been a doomed corner.  Ok, a lot of businesses in this center have been doomed by the recession and other factors.  But, Blue Taj is the only restaurant I have seen in this particular space that has been busy - even at 8:30 on a Tuesday evening.The decor is very nice.  I guess I would label it "Modern Indian."  We sat outside on the small patio with a view of the color-changing fountain.  The colors above us in the patio also changes.  I was almost beginning to imagine that I ingested something I should not have due to all of the changing colors near me :)The service was mostly good.  We had one main server but at least 4 different people waited on us.  The food was very tasty.  The vegetable samosas appetizer was almost bigger than my entree - actually it was.  That's where there place loses a star.  The chicken tikka masala was a pretty weak portion with no more than 10 small chunks of chicken.  The sauce, however, was flavorful, and the basmati rice was good too.  The naan was also fresh and delicous.We used a discount from restaurant.com too, which took the sting off the wallet.  I definitely would not pay $15 for the small portion entree I received - no matter how good it tasted.  The presentation was nice, but that will only go so far.They have a ton of vegetable options, so if you're vegetarian, you will probably like it.  I'll go back again, but maybe for lunch when it's a little cheaper.
4	If only The Blue Taj were not so far away! My husband and I recently schlepped out to Ballantyne specifically to eat at the Blue Taj because a co-worker recommended it. (Full disclosure: an Indian coworker ... so it carried a little bit more weight.) I am so glad we decided to test it out. It was absolutely worth the drive and the extended time on the babysitter clock. The biggest shocker of the evening for me was that this restaurant is the sister restaurant to Copper. What? How did I miss the memo? I am not a fan of Copper - too fru-fru for me when I just want good, authentic Indian. The Blue Taj is the answer to that problem. Delicious food. Traditional dishes. Optional spiciness... everything I miss about my favorite Indian restaurants back home in Boston. We enjoyed everything we ate ... cucumber salad, samosas, naan ... for starters ... chicken tikka masala and a delicious scallop dish for the entrees. We devoured our rice and our server promptly refilled it. Love that. I can't wait to go back and try some more dishes!
4	Since moving to Charlotte from Washington, DC, I have found very few Indian restaurants worth a revisit. The scene is surely better than it was 7 years ago when we moved down, thanks to places like Blue Taj.We've eaten here a few times and the food and service are always very good. I love their Chicken Tikka Masala, which is brighter (visually and flavor-wise)  than some versions at other nearby places. Bim is our favorite waiter, and he's always happy to suggest a new dish to try. My husband is in love with one particular dish, and I can't remember the name of it but if we sit down at Blue Taj and my husband tells Bim it's one he's recommended, it comes out right every time.The only problem with the Blue Taj is that it's a bit overpriced for dinner. It usually runs $15 per entree, plus extra for naan, and the portions are far too small for the price you pay at dinner.There is, however, a solution. Recently we've started visiting for their Sunday lunch buffet, where we can try a wider variety of items for a price that doesn't set us back quite as much. Get there early to beat the rush, and you'll find that plenty of Indian folks join you while you eat - which I have always found is the greatest sign of a fine Indian restaurant. The service is a little more spotty, because they are packed due to the fantastic value of their buffet, but the food absolutely does not suffer and we always leave stuffed and happy.
5	Fabulous find while traveling. Great good, fantastic atmosphere and wonderful staff! Will definitely be back!
5	Being the Social Media Juander that I am....I depend on Social Media networks for entertainment, information and deals! I mean, it is a reccession! What I do is view deals on Groupon/Living Social and then read Yelp reviews to see if I should purchase them or not. The Blue Taj had mixed reviews, some complained of the spicy food, the crowds, the swanky design. Those who liked it lauded the food selection and price.I took a chance based on this and wasn't dissatisfied! I visited during lunch, so it was not as crowded. Bim, our waiter made my friend and I feel as if we were the only ones in the restaurant. His service with a personal touch added to the ambiance. This is definitely not your normal Indian restaurant with good food but Big Lots decorations! It's tucked in the back under the theatre.....but once you enter it's like stepping into a new world. The food is good, not great. To be honest it's an amercanized version of Indian food.....so if you are an Indian food fanatic you have to request your food be made spicier. I had the Curry Salmon.....and my friend had the Mata Paneer(sp?) We were both statisfied with our dishes and LOVED our mango lasis! All in all a great place, great service and good food! Worth a second, third or fourth trip!
4	I ended up on the south side for lunch and since Cafe Nirvana does not open on Mondays, I decided to see if all the hype of Blue Taj was legit. I would suggest just parking and asking someone where the restaurant is because you will never find it just driving around.....it's around the corner from Terrace Cafe. I loved the decor of this place and the service was grand. I started out with samosas which were good but I felt that there was an ingredient missing from the actual turnover pastry itself(not that I'm an expert on Indian food:-). I tried the Kerala Style Seafood which was very good, with naan and a salad......again, I felt there was something missing from the naan......I dunno, but I would like to try the Sunday buffet or dinner at some point. Overall, I think I like Copper better.
5	Blue Taj is one of the best Indian restaurants in the Charlotte area.  I've been there at least half a dozen times and each experience has been great.  Their food is flavorful, fresh and very tasty, and their staff is attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  The interior is nice too - sophisticated and modern.  I will definitely become a regular!
4	Food is great! Good service. I have done take out as well but they missed an item.  But they didn't charge me for it either
5	The first time I went there, I was reluctant, thinking it would be overpriced like others in Ballantyne Village.  I was so wrong. This place is quaint enough to take your spouse but something you could enjoy weekly.  The Tikka Masala (spelling?) is great and another dish that I will not attempt to spell that has an onion based sauce is spectacular. The service is as good as it could be seeing that the place is always packed (during lunch).I go 2-3 times per month because it's a great deal and the service is friendly and always with a smile. Try it and you will be hooked.
5	I was in town and needed to carry out food for a family gathering. My girlfriend recommended this place to me. The food was great! We ordered the food (about 10 dishes) and they were all ready to be picked up in a hour. We ordered Panner tikka, daal and saag. They were all good, the panner tikka was everyone's FAV. Looking forward to going back there when I am in the area.
4	The food here was awesome and the service was outstanding. The ONLY reason I gave it four stars instead of five was the place was, for reason, overrun with screaming children even though it was pretty late when we went. The screeching and silverware being banged o or  lobbed off of the tables did detract from the otherwise fabulous atmosphere. The decor is gorgeous!  Our server was extremely good and nice.
4	The Blue Taj is not the worst Indian restaurant I've been to. The food is tasty, the ambiance is swanky. The prices are average for an Indian dinner.  The plates used are conducive to being handled by hands. The presentation is good. The portion looks small, but are larger sections. Cons: My biggest complaint to this place is the arrangement. The entrance to the place [where the hostess is] is closed off, and there is a sign for people to enter from the side door [covered by an unheated tent] This is very awkward, and can cause conflict for people leaving and entering. Another issue is due to this setup there is no buffer between people eating and the air coming in from the door. I saw a couple refuse to eat there because of this. The flavor of the chicken tika masala, wasn't very out standing. It was a sauce, but it wasn't very complex. I asked for a 4/5 spice level, so I expected there to be a kick to the dish. There was none.
4	As an Indian, I normally can't justify going to a pricey Indian restaurant & paying for food that either I can cook at home myself or that my mom or an aunt can cook for me. But, in the last few months, I've found myself at Blue Taj twice (once with co-workers for lunch, and once for an anniversary celebratory dinner) Both times, I was impressed by the food, the ambiance and the service. I still believe it's expensive, and may be not entirely worth the money you pay , but it's not complaint worthy. It's worth visiting at least once, specially since I haven't found or heard of any other good Indian restaurants in the Charlotte area.
4	How excited am I to have Indian food just down the street from the office?  Pretty dang excited, I'll tell ya.I'm even more excited that it's good Indian food.  On my first visit, I started with a tomato and coconut bisque.  It was delicious: smooth, creamy, and just the tiniest hint of coconut under the tomato and spices.  It avoided overwhelming sweetness.  For my entree, I had saagwala.  It was tasty: tender lamb and good flavors.  I might order it spicier next time, though.  I specified a "3," and it was pretty mild, although certainly not bad.The interior is fun as well.  Red and blue contrast and various designs decorate the wallpaper.The only criticism I have is that the waiter took quite a while to return our check.  He was apologetic when we flagged him down, but when you're on your lunch hour, you notice things like that.
5	Wow was this Indian food ever great. We are from the MD area visiting here and love Indian food, and this was some of the best we had. Bin our waiter was great, the food was out of this world and if we lived here we'd go back in a heart beat.
5	Can I give this place a 10 outta 5?!  Not only did our party connect with the waiter in his life adventures traveling the world, but the food was beyond good!  Where in the world do I start?I gotta warn you, you will need a RESERVATION ON WEEKENDS.  We even tried this place at the oddest hours during the weekday thinking that we will definitely get a seat only to have to turn around and go somewhere else.  A crowd and wait is always a good sign for a restaurant.Our table started with the garlic naan.  This is a no-yeast bread caked in delicious garlic bits with a fresh yogurt dip.  We then got the veggie sampler as an appetizer and everything was delicious.  For the main course, I ordered the Chicken Tangdi Korma.  No English words of mine would be able to do this plate justice.  Just know that it was bursting with spices, flavor, and character.  This meal was a party in my mouth and belly.You have got to try this place out.  Just the history lesson from our waiter was enough for us to leave a 30% tip.
3	We had mixed feelings here, so I'll break it down: Atmosphere: 5Very cool place. Lighting very moody. Walls painted funky, drapes hanging everywhere, very cozy. They've done well with a small space. Service: 3.5Our server was very nice and attentive. The hostess seemed entirely uninterested in helping us however so we waited a while before she even spoke to us, kinda strange since we were standing right in front of her. Appetizers: 3Your standard indian appetizers, nothing special. Main course: 3We ordered 2 dishes. They were unmemorable and made us regret spending as much as we did for the meal overall. Just very uninspired cooking and not as flavorful as most other places we've been. Probably will give it one more shot simply because it's a great vibe, but the food needs to hit the mark next time or we're done with them.
5	Great Food, Great Service, Great Ambiance, Unique Dining experience with 3 separate dining rooms.  The owners are wonderful people and the staff is very knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend  The Blue Taj to anyone who loves Indian cuisine or is an adventurist in there cultural dining endeavors.
5	I do not know a lot about Indian food but they were amazing here. The Server helped me pick out a great dish, and every time I have been here the food and service are still amazing!
5	Given my recent addiction to Indian cuisine lately it was only natural for me to jump at the Restaurant.com special for Blue Taj. I must admit that I was a little skeptical at first since it seemed like a swanky place, and that can sometimes be red flag #1, but also I was concerned because it was tucked back into what Brian F. fittingly dubs the "doomed corner" of Ballantyne Village. But this place is nothing close to doomed. Before I get into the dishes we ate and give my recommendations, I'll just cut to the chase and say it: this is the hands-down best Indian food I've eaten in Charlotte. For our appetizers, my husband ordered the Tomato-Coconut Bisque, which was outstanding. Not being much of a coconut fan I usually don't like when I can taste it too strong in the cooking but there was the perfect amount of it in this soup. I went with the Mango Chickpea Chaat, a starter that was so out-of-this-world I want to make this the next time we have a party. It is a cold appetizer, with mango, potatoes and chickpeas tossed with onions and cilantro in a tangy tamarind-yogurt dressing. It was simple and packed with flavor, and surprisingly priced at $5.  For my entree I went with the Saag Paneer and on behalf of all of my tastebuds, you HAVE to try this dish. It was as if the Indian version of that girl from the Fiat commercial rose up out of the creamed spinach and slapped me in the face with a piece of paneer. Fan-TAS-tic! My husband got the Kolmino Patio, which was jumbo shrimp sauteed with spices and tamrind glaze and ginger. This dish was also great, but we both tried to play it cool as we fought over the Saag Paneer. Both meals came with rice, and we ordered garlic naan for dipping of course. When we finally put down our forks we were so happy and full that we felt "food drunk." We learned that the owners from Blue Taj also own Copper, which I could not believe - no offense to Copper, but while their food may be "prettier," the taste and quality does not come close to Blue Taj. Overall it was a great experience and we will be back for sure. The only thing I would do differently is to order only one main dish instead of two, since they definitely do not skimp on the food here.
4	Holy lunch deal, Batman!In an ornately dressed and dimly lit space, Blue Taj offers up a lunch special that is not to be missed! $9 for your choice of salad or soup, entree, rice and naan! And the best part is that it's super delicious and comes out fairly quickly - perfect for a work lunch! Here's how it went down...1) Salad: 3/5: A small serving of bright greens with a strange but flavorful strawberry dressing. The dressing was a bit a la strawberry smoothie, but good nonetheless.2) Chicken Tikka Masala: 5/5: Spicy, rich and creamy. Perfect with the complimentary rice. The big chunks of chicken are delightful and the sauce is filled with tons of flavor. Spice level three was a nice amount of heat, but nothing to set a fire to my mouth. 3) Naan: 4/5: Yeeeeah free naan. Four triangles between my dining partner and I. And it went very well with the tikka masala. One other note...if you're headed to the restroom, be careful going around that corner! I almost smacked right into a server carrying a very full tray of eats. Moral of the story - hit up Blue Taj for a quick, tasty, and affordable lunch.
5	Really good! One of my favorites in CLT.
4	Best Indian I've found thus far in CLT.
5	It's not often I make the trip out to Ballantyne... But for Blue Taj's naan and Chicken Tikka Masala, I will hop in the car right now! This place is legit. Very modern and unique decor with a cozy atmosphere and excellent service. Ask for Bhim!
4	Went on a Saturday night around 7:30Pm with the wife.  Was hoping to find a not so crowded restaurant and couldn't find anything with less than an hour wait.  We traveled over to Ballantyne Village and decided to forego Villa Antonio for the Blue Taj.  My wife is a Pescatarian and often isn't able to find more than one or two dishes per menu to suit her.  With this varied menu it was very to her liking!  Lot's of options and variety.  I am newish to Indian food, but being from up north, I do consider myself a lamb connoisseur.We arrived and were told there was a wait for inside (someone else mentioned reservations on the weekend, and I will support that).  But we were able to sit outside without a wait.  We went outside since it was a pretty night.  Well decorated and smallish on the inside and nicely done patio area complete with a light show and Indian music.  I immediately noticed many Indians there, so knew I was in for a treat.My wife ordered a seafood dish complete with a level 3 out of 5 spice level and I ordered the lamb langdoori (sp?) which was like a creamed spinach sauce loaded with spices and flavor (level 2 spice).  The lamb was tender chunks simmered in the sauce which was filled with flavorful, spicy goodness.  The creamy spinach taste was very welcomed.  We also had the garlic naan which was a nice accompaniment to a delicious meal.They did seem a bit shorthanded on their waitstaff, and our waiter was very chatty with the other tables which caused us a long wait to order and for our check, but he had a very competent assistant who couldn't have been nicer.  Their sweet tea, which I probably shouldn't have ordered was a bit weird and seemed like it was sweetened with a syrup vs. sugar.  Bill came to about $48.00 for 2 entrees and Naan and it was worth every penny.Bottom Line:  Excellent meal!  Great Food and we will definitely be back, I am looking forward to trying other things on the menu.
5	Best Indian restaurant in Charlotte for connaisseur and the 1st timer!Wait staff is outstanding. They will always help you with the choices and if it's your 1st time expect them to take care of you.  The cauliflower app is a great starter and the tomato based soup is a must for my boyfriend every time. Like most Indian restaurants, if you want it spicy, you will want to emphasize that. Beer and wine menu pretty decent. Everything I've had on the menu is good...and if you want a recommendation they will not disappoint. Often times offering to "make" me something that they will "guarantee" that I will like!
5	I went to this place for my wife's birthday this month... and it blew our socks off!!!Everything was cooked to perfection, especially the Saag Paneer and the Chicken Tikka Masala! The staff was awesome, and this has become our favorite spot in he area!It can be a bit 'swanky' - something we don't really like (but I guess it's part of this  area of Charlotte). Regardless, the food is top-notch!
4	Would have given it 5 stars but the service provided by the hostess/stand was snotty and lacked integrity.   Grrr.  Our party of 2 asked to sit outside (plenty of tables available, even 2 tops) and we were told "there is a party of 20 about to be seated out there, so we'll have to sit you inside."  After 2 hours of dining inside there was never a party of 20 seated outside.  Most likely, the hostess said that to balance out the workload of the staff, which I understand, but she could have at least been honest about the situation.Regardless, the service provided by the wait staff was excellent.  I've always liked Indian food, but my wife has never been a big fan.  I convinced her to go to the Blue Taj with me......  the conversion attempt was successful!  She's now also a big fan.  We ordered samosas as an app, shared the chicken korma and the chicken tikka masala, and got an order of garlic naan.  All were delicious.  Portions were large, prices were reasonable, atmosphere was pleasant.  Has a slightly contemporary feel to the place, but not too rigid.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Went for lunch with a friend. Great meal and service. Just enough food for lunch and even got to bring a little home. Rice and bread were plentiful and full of taste. Definetly going back to this one. We had the chicken methi curry which was very good and another chicken that was in a spinach sauce that was very good - the two complimented each other well.
5	The BEST Indian - period!!!! The restaurant itself is very cool and eclectic - seems like something out of Las Vegas.
5	I was overall really impressed with the Blue Taj.  My boyfriend took me here on a date a while back and it was absolutely fantastic.  The atmosphere was very upscale but still cozy, the food was delicious, but what really made it for us was the service.  We made a reservation which I would recommend, and the service was amazing from the moment we walked in until we left. I wish we could remember our server's name but it was forever ago.  He was so helpful (which is why I would definitely recommend this place to anyone unfamiliar with Indian cuisine but curious) and even suggested a dish that wasn't listed on the menu.  It was quite possibly the most delicious entree I've ever had.  Ever.The Blue Taj is definitely an excellent date spot, however they did have accommodations for large parties.  I would recommend this restaurant for just about any occasion that calls for awesome cuisine and super friendly service.
2	I don't see what people find good in this restaurant. Food isn't bad, but isn't anything different. It's really average and nothing that I've ever had here is worth a mention. The serving sizes are so small for the price, when they brought out the appetizers, I almost thought it was a joke!The interiors are okay, and are very un-Indian, so it feels different, rather than having Indian style art everywhere. I was impressed the first time I walked in. It feels like you are in a French restaurant or something.The last time I ate here, we wanted to sit outside because the weather was good. But we regretted our decision owing to their lights. I don't know who designed the place but the continuous yellow-red-green-blue lights are completely unnecessary. This is a restaurant, not a discotheque, you know!Another problem I have is with how snotty these guys are. I once dropped by 15 minutes before closing time and all I wanted was a drink (chai or soda, not a fancy drink), but the guy at the counter told me they were closed. Come on, there's still 15 minutes, what's the whole deal with making a chai? I'm Indian and I know how much effort it takes!Given the average taste of the food which is typical of Indian restaurants in the US, I wouldn't bother going out of my way for this place. I'd much rather pick up food from Bollywood Bites or just make it myself. It's just as good.
4	Ahhh indian food how i love you so. Blue taj does not disappoint, you know its decent when half the place is packed with indians. That said, they definitely use a bit too much cream in some dishes but everything from the ambience to the service to the actual food is spot on and definitely impressive for a city like charlotte. i also like the little outdoor mall its in, you can have indian, grab an espresso and even some dessert all in the same area, so thats key. definitely the only place i would go in CLT for indjun.
1	Joke of an Indian restaurant - gimmicky and pretentious at best, which is probably why many Charlotteans starved of decent Indian cuisine think this place is awesome. Today was my 2nd visit to the restaurant; first was a pick up order while today my wife and I decided to dine in without reservations.At the front counter we expressed our interest in being seated outside - 2 out of the 3 ladies standing at the counter said ok/yes, while the third disapprovingly nodded her head and said "no no, its too windy, no." I thought that came out a little rude specially as 4 tables were seated outside, so asked my wife if we should simply leave. She said we'll give it a try, so we agreed to be seated inside.We then were ushered to a table for 2, right behind another couple who were comfortably seated. Instead of cramping behind them, I asked if it was ok to sit one more table down which was empty. She seemed unsure and said ok after I asked if it was ok twice, then continued to say that if they get a table for 6, they would prefer to use this table to join to the table for 4. I, once again, considered leaving, but was again told to give this place a chance.The next group of 3 that came to the restaurant asked to be seated outside and were seated outside. What changed in 5 minutes?Anyways - my wife read the menu in dim lighting and decided to order chili chicken appetizer and a karhai lamb extra spicy entree with onion paneer kulcha and 1 roti. The chili chicken (4 tiny pieces in a huge, square plate) came out rubbery while the sauce was good. We had one piece each before deciding to wait for the entree.The karhai lamb with kulcha, roti and rice were brought out to our table a few minutes later. I, once again, thought the gravy of the lamb curry was decent  - but neither of us could chew through even one of the lamb pieces. I have had enough lamb dishes from many different cuisines to know that this was probably how chewing on rubber feels like. We left the curry, all lamb pieces and rice untouched - we both had one piece each of the roti.We did contemplate if we should speak with the manager, but decided against. I had just had enough and simply wanted to leave. I wonder why many of my colleagues rave about this place; even why yelpers rate this place highly - I can only attribute it to the lack of authentic, Indian restaurants in the area or being mesmerized by the dim, blue, gimmicky interior design of the restaurant. Passage to India, Spice 9, Cafe Nirvana, Maharani Indian Restaurant are all better choices.
4	Really weird - I've been to this place two times.  On both occasions, the food was amazing.  Really good top to bottom (this last time we ordered the veggie app, chicken korma, and the lamb with spinach -oh, can't forget the garlic naan).  The waitress was genuinely sweet, but a tad slow.  Most likely because she had too many tables.  My beef, again, is with the hostess stand.  I've now commented on this twice and I see at least one more review with similar feedback.  This visit, the hostess seemed frustrated at our arrival.  I walked up to the desk and said "Hello, I'm Zach, we have a reservation for 2 at 6:30" to which the hostess replied while rolling her eyes "Everyone has a reservation tonight.  Please follow me."  So not only was it an inappropriate comment, if I could fully interpret what she meant, but she proceeded to sit us at a table that had yet to be cleared and seemed bitter the entire time. Provide some customer service training to the hostess staff and I'll most likely give this place 5 stars.
3	Pros: Excellent Food, Friendly ServerCons: Overall experience - we waited 15 minutes to be greeted by our server, everything was extremely slow in coming out, tables around us had: 1 dish sent back, 1 glass of water spilled on a patron (didn't see the actual server on scene until 10 minutes after the fact), and everyone complaining about the speed.
4	This place is awesome.  With Indian food you are either "on" or you are way off and this place is ON!The atmosphere is trendy, cool lighting, sleek vibe.  The service was superb.  Everyone was very friendly from the moment we walked in.  The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and every suggestion he made, we went for and we were NOT disappointed.We started with chili shrimp, which was not on the menu but our waiter suggested it.  It was spicy, flavorful shrimp, sauteed with onions and peppers and marinated in some type of red curry sauce.  Scrumptious.I ordered the Chicken Tangdi Korma...it was chicken simmered in a cashew cream sauce with cardamom and iris essence....in other words...it was spicy and amazing.  :)My other dining partners ordered the chicken curry and the seafood medley.  They both cleaned up their plates.  We ordered the garlic naan which was fresh and had the perfect hint of garlic.  And, of course, we had the basmati rice, which was excellent.Overall---a great dining experience.  I'm going on a limb here but I think this is the best Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  Copper is the only other one that seems to be comparable.  If there are others that stand out I would love to hear about them.The location is clutch obviously...it is right in the heart of ballantyne village.  I tried to head over to Kilwins for my sweet complete after dinner but found out it was closed!  TCBY is making an appearance this fall in their spot.  Interesting.Check them out!
5	I can't believe that I have forgotten to review my favorite place for Indian food, hands down, in Charlotte.  I have been here too many times to count. I have been here as a party of 2, 4 and 8 on different occasions and I can't remember anything but stellar service. I will say that most of the wait staff may recognize me or even know me by now.  Our waiter usually makes suggestions and guides us through the menu based on what we are looking for that evening.  I have never had a bad meal here, but I do usually get the Vindaloo and I am up to 5 out of 5 spicy. I really need to try different things on the menu for myself, but the wife and I usually get a vegetarian dish to share and each get a meat/protein entree, so I at least get to try hers. Always got to get naan bread to pick up all the sauces that come with the entrees and they give you all the rice that you need for the table.  We usually have enough left over from everything for at least lunch the next day.I highly recommend Blue Taj for anyone looking for an Indian food fix.
5	I still love this place! Is it authentic Indian cuisine? How the heck would I know...I've never been to India! All I know (and care about) is that the food & service remains above average. The wine by the glass list is still small but now has more adventurous choices.
3	The atmosphere is very nice, however this place is overrated & over-priced.  I have had much better Indian food at other places in Charlotte.  The service is okay but not the best.  Unless I was in the area and craving Indian food, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here to eat.
2	We were at Sunday buffet with our 18 month old baby. The food was good, nice variety.We were talking about coming  back.  All that until we were ready to checkout. They charged a kids buffet ($7.95) for my 18 month who is still on baby food. When we asked the guy he just reprinted another receipt taking off  kids buffet.  No apology, no acknowledgement. I would suggest checking what is on the receipt before you pay.  An apology or acknowledging the mistake would have been nice. I don't think we will be back there any time soon .
5	Delicious! I love the salmon and lamb dishes. Their buffet on the weekends has a great variety and excellent flavor. The wait staff are enthusiastic and give great advice for helping choice a meal. They also know their food inside and out. I always come here with my Indian friends and try what they suggest. We all love it. You cannot go wrong with the Blue Taj!
3	I went with four other co-workers to try this place out at lunch.  We arrived at around 12:30.  First off, when we arrived, the lady at the front was working on ringing up some checks she looked up & told us she would be right with us.  We thought it was a bit odd that she left us all standing there awkardly while she continued to ring up at least 5 checks.  Tick-tock, tick-tock... we felt our lunch hour creeping by as we waited to be seated.  There were plently of available tables, so that wasn't the problem...  but, finally we got seated. I tried the tomato-coconut soup, which was good... but as Todd points out, if you end up getting the chicken tikka masla, the flavors are much the same. It would have been good to have another selection for the soup. I did order the chicken tikka masala which comes with a little side serving of vegetables (in a separate bowl) that looked a little mushy and over-cooked, but actually tasted good. The basmati rice was served in big bowls for everyone to share.  I thought the chicken tikka masla was average - not the best I have ever had, but not the worst either. They didn't bring the naan out until our entrees were served. It would have actually been nice to get that up front along with the soup/salad course. The naan was delicious -  hot,fresh, and tasty. At the end of our meal, they brought out a rice pudding for everyone. It was tasty but by this time, I think everyone was really too full to enjoy it. The biggest problem during our entire visit was the slow and sluggish service.  Also, we were not pleased that our waiter brought out one check.  When we asked for separate checks, he was too lazy to do it properly and asked if he could just split it 5 ways. I didn't really appreciate that, but went along with it just to get out of there. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good but found the service to be sub-par.
5	This review is long overdue.  Blue Taj is one of my favorite restaurants in South Charlotte.  The staff is very friendly and are great guides if you are new to Indian food.  My favorite is lamb in the lentil sauce.  And, even if you are not a cauliflower fan, you have to try the cauliflower appetizer.  Whether you prefer your food on the milder side, or native hot (level 5), they can adjust almost any dish to your liking.  I
3	I like the food but few people are so rude especially when it's a busy night. I don't like how they react to people of their own community when they are themselves Indian. I asked for the seating to be changed when few other tables were empty but this guy (who calls himself manager) refused and was so rude. I believe they need to polite and loving to their own people and stop being rude.
4	My family dined at the Blue Taj for an after Christmas meal.We ordered:    Popadams (Starter)    Shahi Paneer (Vegetarian)    Amritsari Chicken Tikka    Tandoor Ka Jhinga (Prawn Tandoor)    Tandoori Chicken    Sides: Nan, Rice, Plain RaitaThe first time I went to this place, I LOVEED it. Indian food is one of constant top three favorite types of food (though don't ask me the other two, they're constantly rotating...) While it's far from the best Indian I've had, it's a relief such places exist in Charlotte.I took my family here after Xmas, since most had never had Indian. Everything looked pretty good, but the Chicken Curry had a bit too much fenugreek flavour for my liking, and the chicken looked a bit dry. The Shahi Paneer was a bit too saucy (all the Paneer had crumbled, and didn't see signs of Cashews, which would have been nice). But when I asked them to make it "Indian hot" - they did. And it made my very happy.Rankings    # of times dined here: 2nd    Cost of Bill incl. Tip: around $100 for 4ppl    Food Rating: 7/10    Service Rating: 7/10
3	The atmosphere here has a modern ambiance and flare.  The dishes are traditional and you get to pick the level of heat (1-5).  I had the Scallop Nilgiri Kurma (heat level 3) and it had more heat than I would have preferred.  Go lower than you want!  Also be careful sitting near the door in the winter because the draft will freeze you!  You have to buy naan if you want it where as some Indian restaurants serve it complimentary.  I thought it was ok but I really like the modern Indian dishes at Copper personally.
4	Since Christmas is the busy season for a concert musician, we decided that the cooking of a huge Christmas dinner after a morning of work was just not on the table this year.  Luckily, Blue Taj was open on Christmas day, offering a full menu of Indian goodness.  We started our meal off with a mixed grill appetizer which included lamb, shrimp, beef, pork, and chicken two ways.  It was very tasty, though a little scant for the price.  However, dinner itself was superb.  Our waiter asked us our preference on level of heat--mild, medium, hot, or India hot.  We weren't up to India hot, but my saag paneer was nicely medium spiced and creamy.  My husband went a level hotter with the lamb kadai, which had lots of fresh vegetables and as the name would suggest, succulent lamb.  The garlic naan was buttery and toothsome, and we got a big bowl of rice for the table.  Gulab jamun for dessert--there were only two, but they were really good.  There was a bit of a wait for the food between each course, but it was Christmas day, and the tables were all filled, so that was likely the reason.  We plan to go back.
4	Great food and service surrounded by a quite atmosphere
5	Great place.  Been here a couple of times.  Service was great.  Took a genuine teaching about the food and spices.   Ven da alho (vendaloo) was awesome and hot without overpowering me.   Cooled off nicely with the mango lassi.  Special thanks to the host at lunch today. ...he helped tremendously
4	Last night was my third time at Blue Taj.  My only reference for Indian in Charlotte is Woodlands and Jaipur.  I convinced a few friends to drive down with me from Plaza-Midwood because I think Blue Taj is worth it.  We had the Paneer Pakora, Punjabi Chicken Curry, Lamb Curry and (of course) Chicken Tikka Masala.  I try not to order the Tikka Masala because I want to try new dishes but it is ridiculously good at Blue Taj.  Your entrees are always served with rice but Naan is a little extra.  Worth it though, need the Naan to soak up all that delicious sauce.  My friends poked fun at me for asking about the amount of sauce with the Punjabi - I ordered the Lamb Kadahi previously and it was very light on the sauce, which I should have expected from the menu description.My boss is vegetarian and loves the Aloo Gobhi.  Also they have Tiger Lager (among some other beers - all bottled).My only issue with the restaurant is the service.  The staff can be a little rigid and not very friendly.  Its just that they don't really speak very much to you.  Also last night we were slow to be waited on after we initially sat down and towards the end of our meal  couldn't get our water refilled.From reading other reviews I would say the staff seems to be the biggest problem so maybe they can whip that into shape.  And if you don't really care about a little weirdness from the staff (I don't really) then I've really got nothing but love for Blue Taj.
5	Great authentic Indian food at a great price and real Indian family staff
1	Holy smokes...in all my years I have never had a restaurant fall so far so fast...I have eaten here for lunch a few times and had 4 to 5 star experiences...yes the dinner experience was that bad. We came in tonight celebrating a family event, I made reservations for 4 people for 5:15 (cold and rainy day in Charlotte).Before I start the review....for the love of all that is Holy..PUT SOME SLIDERS underneath your chairs...everytime someone moved their chair it sounded like nails across a chalkboard.Service:At 5:05 we walked in..bar was open, one other table was seated, but hostess said they needed 10 minutes to get ready before we could sit as restaurant was not open.  My wife noted hey, it's freezing out there and instead of suggesting even waters at our table the hostess shrugged...we went to a different restaurant for a cocktail.When we came back 15 minutes later, 4 tables were already seated.   We ordered a cocktail, and of course it was 15 minutes before we got it.We were then given 3 menus, when we had 4 people .  We asked for a fourth menu and were asked why...your kids can share.  Really?Even my kids were mad, their waters were never refilled, the waitress seriously grabbed the appetizer plates from underneath them mid bite.   Food:We had the Veg and non-Veg app, non veg was nice but overpriced....all the Veg was deep fried with little differentiation in flavor....My wife ordered currry, and it looked like an oil slick...my lamb ven de alho was very good, except the rice they brought stuck together and looked like it was day old leftovers.  Both dishes were $17...again overpriced...and na'an was $6 even with 2 entrees.I hardly ever give 5 stars, nor do I ever give 1 star...but what an incredible discrepancy.  Maybe I will try it again for lunch....but I will never come back for dinner.  My wife thought I was crazy for even recommending, and she is very easy to please.I cannot remember a time when I just wanted dinner to be done with so I could get the heck out of a restaurant....Net...food quality suffered tremendously, service was rushed and awful, food came out slow, ambience was incredibly bad....and $108 I will never get back.Did I mention...PLEASE PUT SLIDERS ON THE CHAIRS...three Advils later and I'm still haunted by the noise!
5	Absolutely, hands down, the best Indian food in Charlotte. Love the waiters, they know us by name. The beer selection is wonderful. Our favourite waiter even lets us order stuff that's not on the menu. We love Indian and know a lot of their dishes that sometimes you can't find in America. Everything about this place is great. Atmosphere, bar, food, service... Just love it! Now I'm craving it...
4	Awkward experience with yummy food!   Like a tourist restaurant that only expects to serve you once, I guess because the coupons and gift certificates are so widely available. Reviews are 100% accurate. Not cozy or intimate. You sit at tiny tables way to close to other diners in a very open setting. Awkward. Modern decor but just plain awkward seating arrangement with sounds bouncing around everywhere and ridiculously noisey chairs making loud farting sounds every time you move them. Ridiculous for sure.  The place is hard to find, directly across from mellow mushroom hidden in a sidewalk "breezeway".  Understaffed seems the norm. You will get your water refilled but definitely not your drinks. The garlic naan is yummy and the white rice is delicious. I would still prefer whole grain options on both. Dinner was good, small expensive portions but just enough to take a little home. If you want an extra drink or extra bread definitely order it with your meal. One attractive waiter serves too many tables with the assistance of a bus/water girl and a food expediter both of whom speak little English and can do very little for you. I would go back if I had another free gift certificate but would try even harder for off hours and I would keep my service expectations low and order extra garlic naan and a drink refill early. Get reservations too.
4	This was our first time eating here.  The decor/ambience is so nice - I really loved it.  We got the veggie platter for an app - it was all delicious, especially the samosas :)We got a curry dish and chicken tikka misala with rice & naan.  Both entrees were fantastic!  The naan was fresh baked and it was perfect.  We even got desser - we ordered the Indian ice cream and it was so unique and tasty.  I'm not sure what flavor it was, but it was really interesting and I would get it again!  My only complaint was they didn't clear any of our plates from the table, so it was pretty cramped towards the end of our meal.  Other than that, this place was great!!
3	Went here on  Saturday night and it was packed!!  I felt the quality of the food lacked.  The chicken was more "tough" and the naan was burnt.Also, the service was sporadic...we were either being bombarded or the girl was ghost or the one girl that was very available didn't speak english so she would have to go find someone to interpret what I was asking so that didn't help in terms of service. The most disappointing aspect of dining here on the weekend is that they don't serve that little appetizer that most indian restaurants serve for free before the meal.  I have NO idea what the technical name is but it is like a thin cracker served with mango and mint chutney for dipping.  I was told that they don't offer that on weekends.  BOOO.My tip---go to Blue Taj during the week.  I have been a huge fan of theirs but I was pretty disappointed by my first weekend visit.
4	Really good food.  Service lacking, but food made up for it this time.  We will return.
4	I love eating at The Blue Taj. I do recommend they work on their customer service a little. I noticed the last time I was in there that one of the girls took the fork I was using for my appetizer right out from underneath me as we were still eating -and I snatched it right out of her hand. I think it's rude to assume that people are done eating and try rushing them. Maybe ask patrons if they are finished before taking their dishes and flatware? Another thing that should be fixed are the chairs. Oh. My. Word. I cannot tell anyone how annoying the chairs are. I feel like if I bring my chair out from under the table to sit in it everyone starts to stare at me or something -they are so loud! I would suggest putting something like felt pads under the legs. Other than that, I think everything is good. The food is great, the decor is pretty, the manager is awesome. Oh, and I suggest making a reservation to anyone who wants to get a table for dinner.
3	I've been here once before and I have a lot of friends who rave about this place but I honestly just think it's 3 stars.  The buffet was pretty good (the Baignan Bhara (sp?) was the best choice) but I have yet to find an Indian buffet I love. I honestly just think the buffet isn't for me, especially since I like my food spicier than most. Otherwise the food was good and the service was great and I'm sure I'll be back many times as it's close to home. I still think Copper (their sister restaurant) is better though :-)
4	I had my first experience with Indian Food yesterday, and I must say... I'm glad it was at Blue Taj. Not only is the decor warm and comfortable, but the wait staff was above and beyond helpful. As a vegetarian, it was easy for me to tell the server what I did and did not eat and he easily gave me a recommendation. And man was the food aawesome!My good friend Mo was educating us on the ins and outs of Indian food, including the naan and spice levels. I would gladly go back to Blue Taj and leave my food decision in the hands of the staff. Well done!
5	My husband and I moved here from Los Angeles and have missed all of the ethnic restaurants in the City of Angels.  Indian food is one of our favorites so finding The Blue Taj was quite a treat!  The food is amazing!  My husband tries something new each time and is never disappointed. I join him for an adventurous new appetizer on each vist but each time we go I order the Chicken Tikka Masala. It's unbelievably good!  Also, the naan at the Blue Taj is better than any naan I've ever had. If you love Indian food or have been looking to try it, I highly recommend The Blue Taj. The wait staff is super friendly and always very helpful with recommendations based on your tastes.
4	We've eaten here many times. The wait staff and excellent, attentive and the food is always top notch. The ambiance is cool and date appropriate.
5	Of all of the places I've eaten, Blue Taj certainly is my favorite. The waiters are very friendly and the food is exceptional (I could eat their naan (which is made fresh and served warm) by the basketful). I have ordered the chicken tangdi korma every time and have yet to regret it. Simply delicious.
5	What a great place!  The ambiance of this place is just outstanding.  Colorful lighting illuminates all over the place from the red accent lighting in the bathroom to the color changing ceiling on the patio.  The background music fits perfect, an Indian inspired electro mix.  Many people in the area may not be too familiar with a lot of the entree selections.  Our waiter was very helpful in making recommendations.  Most of the entrees are about $14-18.  The vegetarian is a little less and there are some specialty entrees that are about $25.  I do not quite remember what I ordered but our waiter asked if I liked a couple things and adjusted my meal.  All I know is I had some goat in a red sauce with peppers and onions.  This was the first time I had goat.  It was similar to the lamb but a little more tender, probably because of the bones.  If you are very familiar with Indian food you can order anything you want.  The garlic naan is outstanding!  It is a must get.  There are a couple Indian beers on the menu and specialty cocktails.  I tried one of each.  The Haywards 5000 beer was good, a little more full bodied than a traditional world lager.  The recommended cocktail (I believe he called it a Dizzy Mumbai or something) had whiskey, absinthe, ginger, cumin seeds, and maybe a couple other ingredients.  It definitely paired well with my entree.  I do not see myself dining here often but I am looking very much forward to my next visit.
4	The Blue Taj is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Charlotte area by far.  I've been twice with my latest visit a few months ago.  I ordered things that weren't exactly on the menu.  The waiter, who was really nice and knowledgeable asked what things I wanted and I said I like tomatoes, peppers, and I like my curry spicy. The dish they brought out was exactly what I wanted and tasted awesomeThe Naan was good and the paneer appetizer was great as well.  If you've never had Indian food or you are an Indian food pro, this is a great place to go!
5	Best Indian Cuisine in Charlotte!For starters-you have to try the Masala Chicken Cauliflower (vegetarian, but so full of flavor you won't believe it's cauliflower...), and the Assorted NON-Vegetarian platter. The flavors of the grilled meats are OUT OF THIS WORLD. You'll be drooling about the dish every time you think about it in the future, I promise! I have tried SO MANY of their dishes, as I always go with a group and share. My favorite? The Kerala Style Seafood-Jumbo prawns, scallops and fish stewed in a Kerala style curry sauce with coconut, spices and tamarind. So creamy, the seafood is so moist, the flavors robust... a nice heat and a little bit of sweet lingers in the background... this dish does NOT disappoint! I am pretty sure I have dreams abou this dish, I wish I could replicate it in my kitchen!! The first time I ordered, I got a 3. It was a WARM 3. The second time I ordered, I got a 2. It was a WARM 2. So-depending on how "warm" you like your curry, be warned. The next favorite is an oldie but goodie, the Chicken Tikka Masala-which you can never go wrong with. Creamy & tangy curry goodness surrounding extremely tender chicken that will keep you going "mmmmmmmmmm" all night!The best part about Blue Taj-is that if you have no idea what to order, your server will order you the perfect dish. Just ask for help-tell them what meat you want and flavors you know you like-or think you like-and they'll take it from there. Don't forget the garlic Naan!Great for groups-but you better be sure you call ahead or you'll be waiting quite a while. Take a group of your friends and share-it's the most fun AND you get to taste EVERYTHING!
5	Best Indian food in Charlotte. I used to go to copper all the time but now I usually drive to Ballantyne if I want Indian because blue taj is just awesome. You seriously can't beat the value of the lunch deal. Soup/salad, curry dish, naan, and a side of spiced potatoes and rice, all for about $11-12. I just love the richness and depth of flavor in the curries. Give it a try.
4	Great takeout for dinner tonight. The scallop nilgiri kurma is delicious. I also had the garlic naan which on its own was a little bland but great for dipping into the curry sauce from my meal.
4	Unexpected flavors. Wonderful service. I'm not a big fan of Indian food but they definately showed me what a great Indian meal can be. The Naan with garlic and butter was to die for. The meal (veggies in some type of cream cashew sauce) was delightful. The host helped guide me and he was a joy. The dessert was a sampler with some type of mango pudding, a frozen spicy dome (my least favorite), rice pudding and a "donut." I am so glad for the experience. The ambiance was warm, friendly and relaxing. There was outdoor seating and a band was playing. Too loud for my tastes but others might love it.
4	Very good food and service. Decent value. Nothing remarkable or innovative on the menu although the variety on the menu makes each visit worthwhile.
3	Great food but slow service.
1	Wow, this has to be the worst service I have ever experienced at any restaurant, and I've been to places that no human being should ever set foot in, around the world.We waited here for over 15 minutes, and not one person came to take our order.  That doesn't even happen in Manhattan!You can see the workers here play favorites, though: I don't know if it was the the manager or just some worker running the show that day, but he had a long conversation in Hindi with some family with their kid, and then let them in and serve them....all the while pretending that we and some other patrons were not there.Whoever owns this place: this took place at lunch time on Veterans Day, 2013.  I think you need to fire or deport some people here.One person who was really nice was the lady up front.  She was really kind and welcoming,  and it looked like she was angry at the servers for being slack, but they were disrespecting her.  It was sad to see.  This place looks nice and has nice decor: but 15 minutes with no service?  Maybe they think they are in India, and patrons need to bribe the servers for service?  Seriously, do NOT go there if you are starving or on a date with someone you care about.  You will be utterly humiliated.  It's like that episode of "Seinfeld" where they go to a Chinese Restaurant, but never get seated; the only difference is that you get seated, but then forgot about and left to die.  lol.We just walked out and got great service at Mellow Mushroom a few doors down.  Great vegan pizza there.  We were visiting Charlotte and whenever we return, we won't be coming to the Blue Taj, which should be renamed the "Ewww Taj."
4	first thing you notice about the blue taj is, its rich ambience. a great hangout for both western and indian crowd.well, its the first indian restaurant ive visited after coming to the united states. thoroughly impressed. ive been here so many times, mainly because of the tempting main coursei am a vegan, so i dig on naan and all the fewer vegetarian curries listed on the menu. they are all very delicious.the disadvantage for a vegan here is , all the appetizers are bad and the blue taj does not serve biryani. there is nothng great about the desserts too.on the whole a great restaurant for yummy indian bread and delicious gravies.
5	Legen... wait for it... dary!!! Amazing food,awesome service, my favorite place in charlotte!
3	This place has nice atmosphere and decor - that being said, the curtain up front needs to go. It doesn't let anyone know when someone walks in. We stood there for a a while before a hostess found us, and she looked surprised to see us standing there. Get rid of the curtain.The tables were nicely set with very interesting, "modern" silverware and plates. The first glass of water poured was pretty tepid, but that's okay. We ordered, and I have to say, I've never had naan better than here. The naan was the best, I wanted to take a basket home. I had lamb in a garlic sauce, which was absolutely delicious. However, it didn't sit right with me, and I've never had that problem in any other Indian restaurant. I didn't get like super sick or anything, just a little stomachache. It's not a huge deal.The price is okay. I couldn't spend what I did every day. Oh, and there is a pretty great wine selection. I guess I would probably go back, if I was in the area and everything else was closed or packed. I don't know. I'm indifferent.
5	My mom had recommended we try this restaurant while I was visiting.  Now, I must go to Blue Taj whenever I am visiting Charlotte.  The food is amazing.  You can order the dishes in the spice level that is personally preferred.  The cauliflower appetizer is delicious.  I had never had anything like it.  The sauce is so flavorful and full of dimension.  The chicken tikka masala is the best I have ever had.  I order it at the spice level 3- which is spicy yet tolerable.  The garlic naan is the best to soak up the leftover sauce.  It has diced garlic on it to add more flavor to the already flavorful meal.  I do not think anything ordered would disappoint.  The staff are very friendly, great at suggesting wine pairings, and overall  very genuine.  The atmosphere is casual  with a soothing ambience.  The lighting is dim, there is music playing softly, and the decor is clean and trendy.
4	I recently had lunch at Blue Taj and chose some menu items I wouldn't normally order. I had a variety of spicy and traditional dishes as both appetizers and my main course & LOVED everything including the service. I will definitely be back many times to enjoy the ethnic decor, good service & delicious Indian food.
4	We live in NYC but were visiting Charlotte.  The food lived up to its reputation.  Very good and well prepared.  The service was OK once we got to the table but they could not seat us within 15 minutes of our reservation and the bar is not really set up for people waiting to be seated.  On warm nights it probably does not matter because people can wait outside the restaurant but it was a bit annoying in the cold.  I would absolutely go back for the food if I am ever in the neighborhood again.
5	I had a business dinner last week at Blue Taj. I eat only vegan, whereas my associate does not. However, we both love great Indian cuisine. We arrived with no reservation on a Thursday evening, around 8:00PM and were greeted quickly and cordially. We were seated within five minutes. The atmosphere was very nice, quiet and our table fairly private. The wait staff were attentive and knowledgeable. I mentioned my vegan requirements and suggestions were quickly made to accommodate me.The food presentation was great. Plating was clean and simple, food looked great. But the best part of the taste and quality of the food. It was perfect in every way. Spices were exactly as ordered. Mine was modestly spicy. My table mate's was much hotter, as requested. Vegetables were fresh, tender, cooked perfectly. The sauces were excellent. Our food was hot, but not too hot to enjoy immediately. Everything was delicious!Prices were very reasonable and fair. Our overall experience could not have been better.We both agreed that we would return to Blue Taj. And I would recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for excellent, authentically Indian cuisine and courteous service.
5	Have been looking for the best butter chicken in town and I found it!  Food was great and filling!  Definitely will be back again soon!
5	Blue Taj has amazing food in a unique atmosphere. The wait staff has great suggestions, like when to get sauce on the side etc. If you don't know Indian cuisine then tell them the protein you like and they'll help you. The cauliflower appetizer is beyond amazing. It's a crispy cauliflower with a red chili sauce. They offer take out if you don't have time to sit down.
4	Their chicken tikka masala is my favorite thing to eat anywhere on earth - perfect.  The appetizers are not nearly as good, but between the CTM and the naan, it was a tour de force.  Thank you!
5	Loved the food! Spice levels are good.They must start having Buffets on weekdays too!
4	This is not the best of the Mel Oza family of restaurants, but if you can't get up to Copper you should at least come here. Each and every time I step into one of these Indian establishments the quality and variety of the food is top notch, and the flavors are always astounding!
4	Tucked behind Terrace Cafe, this place may be a little hard to find in Ballantyne Village.  But once you step in, you're glad you did.The ambiance was quite nice, dimly lit and cozy, good for romantic dates or a small group.  I had the Tandoori Lamb Kahari which was very tasty and nice chunks of meat.  I wish it had more of a sauce to spread across the rice or naan, but a good tip is to share with someone who has a curry or saucy entree to get the best of both worlds.The garlic naan was great, warm and flavorful.  I could eat this all day.  This was my first visit and was happy with the little I tried. The menu is plentiful and I would like to try more of it. It's a little pricey but great for some good ethnic diversity in this area.
5	This is our favorite spot for Indian food in Charlotte.  We used to live in London and had top notch Indian there regularly, so our expectations our high.  I know everyone says Copper is the best, but I have always had bad service there and just don't think the food is as good.  The lamb chop here is great.  It's a main course item though, so if you are trying to get curries and dishes for the table to share,as is customary with Indian restaurants, just know that.  We love the tikKa masala and the korma is great too.  We always get the garlic naan and raita to go with everything.  It's great for take out.  The restaurant itself is comfortable and the decor is a little funky, the service has always been good.  I havent tried their Sunday buffet but would love to.  It's always a great way to try new Indian dishes that you may not normally order.
4	Blue Taj has the best Indian food in south Charlotte. The Tikki masala is just spicy enough and the lamb dishes are rock solid. Try the appetizer sampler it won't disappoint. Decent wine list and good bar make this a worthy night out in Ballentyne.
3	We came on a Saturday night for a  late dinner. Hostess could be a little warmer. Decor is warm and lovely.  Naan is delicious, yet extra. Most of the Indian spots we have frequented provided the plain naan complimentary. Not a deal breaker. :) Chicken Tikka masala had nice spice and flavor; however, chicken was somewhat tough. Maybe we got the rushed evening batch.Portions could have been a little larger for price point. Service was good and we will return for lunch.
3	The Blue Taj is perhaps the best looking restaurant (Indian or not) in all of Charlotte. You go inside and the music, the curtains and everything transports you elsewhere. Don't get me wrong - I love the food at Woodlands, but it doesn't exactly transport you. I totally get that there are parts of the world, in Charlotte, India and elsewhere, that are total dives, and I have no problem with that. But for those who have a desire to go somewhere else when you dine, this has to be at or near the top of your list. Copper is right up there too, but where they are elegant, Blue Taj is more magical - like you expect Aladdin to come out and take you on a magic carpet ride (and not the LSD sort). Pretty neat trick being that you're in a strip mall near Ballantyne.Service is generally friendly - though it pales a bit in comparison to the atmosphere. I mean really, what wouldn't? They do keep the glasses filled, though it service tapers off. I don't know if this is an Asian thing, as several other Indian-type places (Situl, Woodlands come to mind) in Charlotte just forget about you later in the meal. Maybe it's cultural.As to the food: Very solid offerings. It's not the best I've had in town, but far from the worst. Like much of the Chinese that you'll find around, it does have a tendency to be a bit heavy on the sauce - though instead of the sweetness of the Chinese variety, it's just a thick sauce that can be on the spicy side if you order it that way.Perfectly serviceable option, and well worth it for the experience.
1	Food is ok service is terrible. God forbid u have to send something back! They treat you like crap.  Very disappointed
4	Brought some friends here who had limited experience w. Indian food. They just loved it and I have to concur - blue taj has solid Indian food, and I've eaten at most of the Indian places in Charlotte. For appetizers we had samosas, mango chaat, and chole chaat. The mango chaat was excellent - everyone kept reaching for that dish. Samosa was tasty and the chole chaat was beautifully presented (and also tasty!). We had chicken tikka masala (can't go wrong w this one, spice level of "2"), shahi paneer, and lamb rogan ghosh. The lamb blew us all away - it was so tender and flavorful. My only quibble is portion sizes are on the small size for price. Service was excellent and attentive, and I can tell you this is typically a weak point for Indian restaurants, but blue taj clearly trains staff well. Atmosphere is quite nice as well. If you're looking for an Indian restaurant to take guests, you won't go wrong here.
5	By far the best Indian I have ever had. The service is incredible and the spice is perfect.  I highly recommend this restaurant even if you dont eat indian.
3	Pretty good although consistency in service is an issue. Ive had horrible to great service, but I only go back to get my spice on!!!
5	Wonderful food, service, and atmosphere!! I wish I lived closer to this gem!I really enjoyed my dinner here last night- it was a little pricey... But everything was absolutely delicious!! Make sure to try the chicken tikka masala- it was the best I've ever had!
4	My review is based soley on my to-go experience. Vikrum(sp?) was very sweet and offerer great service for me. He gave me wonderful suggestions for both chicken and vegetable options. My food was very good. I decided to do 4 out of 5 on the spice level and as a spice lover I felt it was probably more of 2... I'm hoping to come enjoy a sit down dinner soon. The bar was beautiful.
4	It's pricy, but really really good!! They do a great take out packaging and I'm so glad they're in ballantyne....
5	Great for dining in or takeout. Clean, spacious, indoor and covered patio, great friendly staff, who make you feel like family. The managers all try to get to know you, and really embrace the regulars. Great menu with large, fresh, piping hot portions. They have a good "heat scale" so all dishes can be made to your tolerance for Indian spices. Takeout is very easy and always well packaged. Parking is tough due to construction on ramp, but Blue Taj is well worth the short walk.
5	The Blue Taj is by far the best Indian cuisine in Charlotte.  Full of flavor and color the dishes are sure to satisfy.  From the chicken tikka masala to the curry lamb or seafood dishes like the scallops, or even vegetarian, it is all delicious.  The atmosphere is also very pleasant with good service.
4	The food, location and parking are good. The service is slow, and the lighting dim. But if you have the time and are focused on getting good Indian in S Charlotte, it's solid.  The appetizers tend to be skimpy (good entree size, though). I wish they'd add Chicken Saag, but I've enjoyed all entrees I've had here.
4	I like the food. It is too yummy n delicous. :) would Like to go again
5	Some of the best food I've ever had in my life. Not just best Indian food, but food period. The curry goat is phenomenal as well as the chicken tikka. You have to get their coconut tomato soup. I recommend going for lunch though, it's the best deal. You get soup, an entree and desert for $12 and it's almost as much as the dinner portion. I highly recommend that you try this restaurant.
5	We visited the Blue Taj Saturday night at 7:30, and it was very busy. We are from out of town and wanted to enjoy The Blue Taj again. This would be our third visit to this restaurant. We were delighted with appetizers of vegetable Somosa and cauliflower Marsala. Both had great flavors with a hint of heat. We then enjoyed the Kerala seafood and Rogan Josh as entrees. The Kerala seafood was just fantastic with it's slight sweet sauce. Then the Rogan Josh had tender lamb chunks in a rich and spicy sauce. Overall we loved our dinner, enjoyed the decor, the atmosphere, and menu choices. There is something for everyone, and the staff can make great suggestions for those who are new to Indian cuisine. Would recommend anyone to visit and look forward to visiting again.
5	Best indian food I have had in USA , their pani puri at Sunday buffet is to die for !! Decor is very classy / hip !!  Cool outdoor seating too ...
5	THIS IS A REVIEW BASED ON TAKE OUT ONLY!I had been craving Indian food, and my girlfriend brought it over for a movie night...I had Chicken Tikka Masala with garlic naan... It was flavorful, perfectly spiced, the chicken was tender, the naan was SO delicious... this was the best take out I've ever had.  EVER!
3	Everything is nice except price. I have eat at best called restaurants in Minneapolis- minnesota, Columbus- ohio,Ashville - north carolina, new jersey, chicago....but best customer service and consistently tasty food I never found.But the prices are killing. I just order two vegetables curry to go and it's $30...really!!!
4	While on travel for work I went to Blue Taj based on a friends recommendation. The food was good the service was good and although I ate at the bar the decor was nice too.  I hope to go back soon.
3	Came here for dinner last night.  Place was packed on a Friday night, so we ended up sitting outside in a little heated extension the restaurant had added.  Ambience still nice, dark and candlelit.  Ordered chai masala and a mango lassi to start, and both were quite tasty, though the mango lassi could have a been a touch less sweet.  Paneer pakora was our appetizer.  This dish consists of chunks of paneer stuffed with spinach and fried.  It was ok, and the main "taste" was that of the mustard (cheese itself was bland).  Had lamb vindaloo, seafood Kerala, and garlic naan for dinner.  Seafood dish was good, and the cream curry sauce was tasty.  Lamb dish tasted like a lamb-filled pasta sauce - almost no kick, even though we asked for a four (out of five) on the spice scale.  Naan was good.  Nice that they included rice for free given that the dishes are quite pricey - we spent $53 before tip for the two of us.  All in all, decent food but overpriced.  Hopefully something better can be found in Charlotte!
5	By far mine and the hubs favorite restaurant in all of Charlotte. We eat here pretty much every weekend. Here's what we normally order:-Kachumber Salad-Tossed house salad-Seared Tawa Salmon (salmon and roasted veggies with an amazing creamy red sauce which I normally order on the side. They have a tendency to slightly overcook the salmon so you may ask for it a little more rare if that will bother you.) you can also do this dish with scallops which are great too.-Chicken Methi Korma (2 spice level)-vegetable korma (sometimes we order this)-garlic naan-or the naan with potato inside Great food and great prices. Service is usually pretty good depending on your server. Sometimes things can lag a bit. The chairs are a bit noisy which can get annoying if you arrive early and you have to listen to the place fill up with patrons. With that said, the beautiful decor, great food, and great prices should be more than enough to keep you coming back again and again.
5	We occasionally visit the Blue Taj, especially with out of town guests, and have always been pleasantly amazed by the food flavours. Waiter Joseph is most solicitous, offering good advice on which dishes are appropriate, in fact the last time we were there, we put ourselves in his culinary hands and everything was superb, so we recommend going with his opinion.Try the spicy veg Cauliflower for an appetizer, and the veg korma, then move on to the mushroom appetizer - all incredible. You can choose the spice level - I am usually medium because I don't wish to blow off the top of my head, but it's good to know that here are heat-choices :-)Being from  the other side of the pond, I am always delighted to see a cricket match playing on the TV.Service is friendly, the food arrives without too much waiting, and is worth whatever wait time is necessary.Keith
5	Decided to go this place because it's very close to my house and I was in the mood for Indian food and didn't want to make the trek to Saffron.  OMG!  Most menus at Indian restaurants are the same--you won't find too many varying entrees to choose from, but still, the Paneer Tikka Masala (I think that's the name) was out of this world.  I've gone back a few times since and have nothing but positive things to say about the staff and the restaurant overall.This is a great place to get some solid Indian food at a pretty decent price.
