4	Wow..Talk about a cheap good massage. 1 hour for $20 and 1.5 hrs for $30They massage your feet and the rest of your body with clothes on. Pretty good deal.
5	They are great and CHEAP!!  Wont go anywhere else!!Must try Mike or Amy!!!
5	My Father's coworker gave him a business card of this place and gave high remarks of their massages here. He passed the info. to me and I finally had the chance to check it out. It's located southbound on Arville St., make a left after the neon purple lingerie novelty shop. It's HIGHLY recommended to make an appointment here. It was busy and completely packed with guests when I walked in. Luckily, we made an appointment, but due to a miscommunication it was suppose to be for four not three. Since I arrived 10 mins early and checked in. Dina, who was at the front desk asked me for the last four digits of my phone number, but I told her my friend is the one that made this appointment and it should have been for four not three. She was kind enough to change and accompany us in this last minute mix up. As I was waiting for the rest of my group, a party of five and a couple walked in without an appointment. Instead of bumping us like in nightclubs for table reservations.. there wasn't any greed here. I admire Dina for being loyal to her appointments and letting the walkins know they are booked right now. The couple stormed out angry without even accepting her business card that she tried to give them. The big group understood, left quietly, and didn't make a scene about it. My friend requested all female masseuses, but I stood up and said.. excuse me.. I would like a strong man. The front desk lady, Dina.. my two friends turned around and go whoa okay... not me. Dina knodded her head and said okay.. okay.. she wants a strong man. Usually even though I request this, I don't get a strong masseuse. Dina gave me what I asked for. They are quite punctual with time and Dina asked if we are ready yet. Even though one in my party was only a few minutes late. She asked us if we can go in first and she will let my friend in when she arrives. There are about twelve seats in one big room, dim lights, and relaxing music playing. If you have sensitive skin and don't want any lotion on your face... let the masseuse know before you start. You begin with putting your feet in warm water, then you lay on your back on a comfy chair/table. My masseuse, Frank started on my forehead and worked his way down to my neck. Then at my mid back.. lifting it up with his fingers and lowering at each section as he moved up to my neck. Then my arms and fingers. At one point after massaging my hands, he punches the palms of my hand like we're sparring, but I don't have any gloves on. In my mind, I'm like WoW... and held in my laugh, but shined a smirk of being hit like that. He wasn't being easy on me and Dina must have told him I wanted a strong man :P Good lord was he!?!? After that, he went down to my feet. Wrapped one up in a towel and went to town on the other. Pain... oh the pain!!! With his knuckle, he slowly pierced through the bottom of my feet and rolled his knuckle down. I seriously wanted to scream. Felt like Fire... but I clenched my teeth and distracted the pain by fond memories that always brings me to a happy place. I did this throughout my entire massage session. Once he moves to a different section, what a relief!!! Pain then pleasure.. then it's pleasure and then again.. Pain. Ooooh it hurts so bad, but feels so good!!! Then with his knees in between my legs, he massages my thighs and calves. Even massaged my glutes! If you don't like to be touched period.. this might not be the place for you. He literally stretches the heck out of every part of my body. He then asks me to flip over and he works his forearm on my back. Then stretches my arms. Punches my back and wah laa!!! I'm a new woman. I sat up and both my friends started laughing crazy at me. My hair apparently resembled a lion and strands were sticking out high as the sky. All good.. that's when you know you had a great massage! :) Great deal and service. Tip double for their hard work, they deserve it. Convenient place to stop by after a hectic night at work, but call first and make an appointment or they might very well be booked up. My friend went yesterday and was amazed by their massage, so she went back Again with us tonight! Definitely returning for more pain.. sooner than later.
5	I absolutely love this place. $20 hour for "foot Reflexoligy" plus tip.Be generous as this will be great and these guys/gals deserve it. It's actually a full body clothes on massage while your feet soak in hot water. Its a Lil quaint spot, clean and tranquil. Jack and Peter are awesome . I recommend to anyone that want to relax and soak up some positive energy....
5	$20 for one hour.  Good price.   Nice and clean place    The guy who did massage for me  his name is Andy   He did excellent job.love this place
4	Visited this place after my girlfriend mentioned having been there earlier in the day..For 20 bucks I figured I'd trust her opinion and give them a try. I found there business in no need of clients as nearly every chair was full.. Def a good sign! I was told to use jack- he was awesome used great pressure and put me right into a relaxed state- that was an awesome hour! Clean place, easy to find, great service, well worth your time and 20 spot- try em!
5	It's a total 5 stars!!! Try it!!
5	I've always been going to either Massage Envy or Massage Nirvana whenever I'm feeling body aches until I was introduced to this place by my boyfriend's sister. She sold me on the price. $20 for an hour?! Sounded too good to be true so I thought I would try it out the next time I'm in dire need of one.Went after work one night (12am to be exact) and surprisingly there wasn't a wait; especially when I just did a walk-in. The guy at the counter then walked me into a giant room with about 20 twin-size beds with other people getting their massage fix on. It was a comfortable ambiance. Dim lights, light soothing music playing and not even a single peep going around in the room? Amazing.Came to the place thinking I was just going to get a reflexology (hence the name Happy Feet) but it turned out to be a full body massage (with your clothes on of course) but I'm not complaining. They were in detail with massaging every part of my body (including my face) and always manage to get rid of every single knot out from my back since that's where I usually feel body pain the most. They're really good with balancing out your body throughout the massage. I've gone to this place over five times (each with a different soreness) and each person I've had all shared the same technique when it comes to massaging. I ALWAYS walk out of this place feeling ten times lighter and more energetic. It seemed like places like Massage Envy/Nirvana leaves you kind of hanging in hopes that you'll need another session soon. So I haven't been to either one since. Don't let the location steer you wrong. Even though it's located in a sketchy location on Tropicana and Arville (right behind the Deja Vu shop), I'll guarantee you'll walk out of this place feeling better than how you felt when you walked in. And what else do you have to lose? $20 bucks? You're already saving a bundle comparing to everywhere else so you shouldn't have to worry that this place is going to rip you off. I've told a lot of my friends about this place and everyone gave me nothing but positive feedbacks. Be open-minded and give this place a shot. I'm sure you'll be happy. (that's how they got their name!)
4	This place is a gem outside the strip.  When I went it looked a little sketchy from the outside because of the cheap "$20 massage" sign and because the area itself seemed empty.  However, when I got inside I was relieved to see that it was just like any other asian massage joint.  The reception area is small, but clean and we were kindly greeted by the front desk who honored our reservation for 6pm.  Inside the main room there are about 15-20 massage beds, so basically a massage common room.  I was a little upset because someones phone kept ringing although it clearly states that phones should be turned off..but what can you do.  The most important part, the massage, was very good though.  It was my first time with a male masseuse and he did an excellent job getting all the knots out.  $20 (minus tip) for basically a full head and body massage?  You can't beat that..it's dirt cheap.  I loved my massage and with the price, my wallet loved it too.Note: there is also a sign that says $5 tip= not happy with service, $10 good service and so on.  Might want to factor that on top of your $20 massage.
5	WANT THE BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK?! (no pun intended) I am actually pretty stoked to be writing this review about Happy Feet Spa.For starters, this location looks sketchy, haha. It is located right next to Deja Vu in a strip mall that you'd otherwise miss except there is a giant, white "$20 1 HOUR" sticker. My mom is a huge fan of this place and she said that I had to try it. We have been to a similar place next to Shuseki on Spring Mtn and they were pretty meh.There's plenty of parking and upon walking in at 5 PM, the receptionist asked if I had an appointment after he greeted me. I answered no because we didn't plan ahead for this one, lol. Luckily, he was able to fit us in! I looked down at their appointment book and all of the spots were taken up until 7 PM except our two! My mom was assigned to Tom and I was assigned to Jason. They walk you into a dimly lit room and you can see that it's more of an open space with massage chairs on each side. Pretty much all of the chairs were taken when we walked in so that's a good sign!We started by Jason asking me to place my feet into a bucket of hot water and then he began with a facial massage. It was right then and there that I decided I was really going to like him and let myself relax. He definitely had a firm hand and performed correct manual lymph drainage (basically alleviating any sinus congestion); which I wasn't expecting because of my previous experience at a different foot spa! After that, he gave me a massage on both sides of my neck then shoulders and he was really good at smooth transitioning. Plus, he took out knots on both sides, it hurt so good! Then it was a nice leg and foot massage followed by an arms and hands massage. They will ask you to turn around and then they massage your back. Your entire back, yes, including the gluteus maximus. It actually feels pretty darn good o.o I have had a Sports massage before and I would compare this massage to a Sports and Shiatsu massage. After my massage, I felt balanced and amazing since he worked out the majority of my knots (haven't had a massage for about 8 months). Definitely need more massages to get rid of the rest ;) I was in such a great mood after that I couldn't wait to type this up. My mom said that Tom was good, but her favorite is still Donnie. TIPS TIPS TIPS!- This might seem like a no-brainer for some, but make sure you have no jewelry (earrings, necklaces, bracelets, and rings) or accessories on. Don't hinder their work.- CASH ONLY- I would call and make a reservation before you want to come in.- Turn your cell phone off.- Wear loose or comfortable clothing. I wore shorts and a spaghetti strap top. It was perfect!- Tip well :) The price you're paying for the quality of work you get is a steal! Make it worth their while.I can't wait to come back! And I will definitely be requesting Jason again.
5	$20 for a full body massage? Yes! That is right, reflexology is not just a foot spa. No, it can be as intense as a deep tissue massage.I came here with a friend and had one of the best experiences with Angel. I am not one to go in for the light taps. No, I prefer the kneading into tired muscles and beating until I feel sore. Pressure points? She hits them all. I am not sure if I am relieved or disappointed when Angel started to pull me into back bends. Usually this is the sign of the end of the hour. It is totally worth it.
5	One of the most amazing massages of my life. Wow! And the price - I still can't believe it! I'll be back any chance I get. 14 people can be worked on at a time (there are 14 beds), so even with a crowd I didn't have to wait long. You mostly keep clothes on. Wear shorts and a tshirt is my recommendation. It's only about a mile off the strip, west of the Excalibur hotel. It's not a pretty place but who cares, you will feel amazing afterwards!
3	went for the full body massage but should have gotten the $20 foot massage which my friends all got and said it was awesome and way more than a foot massage. The place was a bit sketchy but we had 8 people and they were able to accommodate all of us on a short notice (2 hr in advance) and even the restaurant we had eaten at had recommended it. the $40 full body massage was conducted in a side room with a curtain. It was quite relaxing and she used her elbows and some other techniques I haven't experienced before. She wiped me down after the oil massage with a hot towel which was nice since I was going on a nice long flight back to NYC afterwards.  I had just finished a 7hr hike that afternoon and my calves and back (carried 20+lbs backpack) muscles were really tight. She worked a lot on my back and loosened up my calves somewhat. I was in so much pain that I was kind of glad she didn't work too hard on the calves. But definitely felt much better after the massage and the next day, not too sore. I think I will make it a habit to get a massage after a long hike if possible in the future! :)
5	This was definitely the best $20 my husband and I have ever spent. After reading great reviews about Happy Feet Spa we had to try it. We've both gotten many massages where you pay close to $100 for a 55 minute massage. This was a full hour and only $20! I called an made the reservation about 2 days in advance and we were the first appointments of the day at 11. The location looks pretty shady but once we were inside it was clean and relaxing. I appreciated the paper towels for the face cutout and the plastic bags lining the foot tubs, it gave it a more clean feeling. After putting our feet in a bucket of warm water we were covered with a towel and an amazing head massage began. Ladies wear your hair down, they look out my pony tail holder but it was worth it. They do a full body massage including your behind through a towel. My husband said when we return he'll definitely be taking off his shirt next time. I'd definitely wear a tank top as my t-shirt kept getting in his way. After the massage we were ready to tip more than we originally planned. I walked out with a sense of euphoria after such a great massage. Make sure you drink a lot of water after a massage like this though. We'll definitely be back!
5	Just wanted to write a review about my experience at Happy Feet.  I'm from Orange County, so I'm surrounded/spoiled by $15 foot massage spas.  I've probably received over 75 massages from these various foot spas, not to mention I've been getting weekly massages from my chiropractors office for 13+ years, so I know a thing or two about massages.  This place isn't fancy.  It could use an interior update, but where they lack in decor, they make up for it in their massage therapy skills.  I can honesty say that I got the best $20 massage tonight from a lady named Rose.  She applied the perfect amount of pressure and gave me a really relaxing massage.  I visited 3 different $20 foot spas this week (while out here for work) and Happy Feet, by far, provided the best massage. The other two places were decent and decor was probably better than Happy Feet (Bali Foot Spa and Andy's Spa), but at the end of the day, their massage was inferior.  Plan on tipping between $10-$20.  It's a $20 massage, so don't be cheap!  Now if only I can find someone like Rose in the OC.  I will definitely be back next time I'm in town :)
4	Best Foot massage place hands down.  We went twice.  Had Jason and Donnie the first time.  I thought Donnie's pressure could have been a bit harder but still excellent for $20.  Place is fairly quiet.  Next day my girlfriend had Frank and I had Jason, whom I preferred.A tip: we are both very short and noticed that when we laid back in the beginning that it hurt our backs.  Ask them to tilt the chair up and/or put an extra bucket under the water bucket.  Makes all the difference in the world.   Would not hesitate to go back again.
5	Got taken here tonight by a friend. Absolutely unbelievable. Don't think you can get a better massage for so little money outside of Asia. 20 bucks cash. I feel way better!   Now I just can't wait to go back again. Prob should have gotten my girl's name but it sounds like most people are having great experiences here. Hopefully I can't go wrong because I'm definitely coming back!
5	I'm addicted to this place and tell everyone I know to try it!! Best $20 full body one hour massage I've ever had! They literally massage every single part of you from your scalp to your ears, face, etc. Each toe was massaged for about a minute!! And when it was over I could do it all over again. Only annoyance is since it is a room full of people getting massaged, occasionally they are noisily finishing up while I'm mid massage. They should really enforce no speaking & quiet movements while others are still getting their massage.
3	Just got back a few hours ago. Found this place through other yelpers. Cheap but you will get what you pay for. The place has the old smell not fresh. The massage was ok. I've tried other ones around paid double and like I said you will get what you pay for. If you're a guy maybe ask for the female therapist may help. I've had a guy work on me and not too please with it. For girls, if you like guys to massage your ass more than other areas this is the place. I've over heard girls came out from there were talking, complaining about it. I may try this place again with a female though. Hopefully, they will use some candles to freshen up the place at least.
4	This was my first hand massage ever and this place was amazing! It was so relaxing and they concentrate on every little thing. I hope when I get back to LA I can find a place just like this one! Great prices too!
1	SCAM! SCAM! SCAM!This place promotes reflexology or massage but it seems like no one knows what their doing- they can't even hit my temple, makes me wonder if therapists actually have license to do what they claimed they do and if they do... how did they get it???My bf and I went there the first time about a month ago, he got back pain and I got neck pain the next day. The pain came from rubbing toooo hard on the wrong spots. No big deal, you really can't expect much from $20/hr and that same week we went ahead and see our "REAL" massage therapist and got the problems fixed. Wednesday (8/14/13) we came back here at happy feet for the second time. I told him that there's  gotta be someone there that not necessarily what I call "REAL" therapist that would care enough and do a good job. The lady in the front was nice enough to give us a room without charging extra, we had our massage in a big open room together with other people on our first visit  and that was not relaxing at all, too much commotion and I don't understand why therapists keep making this clapping noise... so annoying! Being in the room reduced a little bit of that- just a little.Anyway, on this second visit I did not do a full body, I only had my feet and arms done... sure enough, I am now suffering from pain on the side of my left foot and my bf is having lower back pain. I think I had enough with this $20 thing. I want to come here to save money, but it is costing me more. For some of you that would read my review but not believe me, try for yourself and see. If you only had 1 or 2 massage or never had a good massage you might not know the difference. Have them do a very light massage so you don't end up with pain. I am used of having hard massage and light massage won't do a thing for me. Most people get light massage to relax, but you wont get that here either, yo will be surrounded by people who are talking, whispering, walking back and fort and that clapping noise- ugh!!!
2	Ok, $20/hour for a full body massage? And it had amazing reviews on Yelp??? I had to check it out. I didn't have an appointment so I was paired with the first person available. Yay for being able to walk in, but it was downhill from there. You definitely get what you pay for. Here's why...1. So instead of there being individual rooms, it's one big room with everyone getting their massage. I couldn't fully relax because I kept hearing noises from other people. (I.E. phones, movement of the employees, sounds of the tapping of massages). 2. The bed I was on was creeky. When he would push down on my back, the whole bed would make sounds. Every time I felt myself falling asleep, there goes the creek sounds. 3. The actual massage was really painful. I've a had a deep tissue massage before so I know what it's like to feel pain. About three or four times DURING the massage I just wanted to say stop. I think he could feel me tensing up, so he pushed even harder. I only weigh 100 lbs so it was definitely painful. It's the day after and my shoulder is so sore that I can't lift my arm up. 4. What's with all the slapping?!? I know some people may like that, but not me. I do have to give credit on the massage he did on my scalp, hands and feet. I'm on my feet for 10+ hours and I work a lot with my hands so this was very helpful to relieve some aches. I told fellow Yelper Khatherine T. about my bad experience. She loves this place so she was shocked about what I told her. She said that her friend got the same guy as me and had the same bad experience. Next time if I go back, I'll definitely book an appointment with the guy that Khatherine suggested.
2	The massage was great for $20/hr. really thorough and relaxing. But the payment process was a little awkward... I came with a group of 7 girls and afterwards the masseuse people chased us for more tip... We tipped $5-$10 each and apparently they wanted more and stood in our way until we gave them more... I thought tip was optional, but apparently here, they'll forbid you to leave until they're satisfied with the amount you give them.
5	I have been here quite a few times now and I have to say its the best value for your money in town for massage. I like deep tissue massage and there are 4 great masseuses here that I know of that give a great massage, angel , Sam, Mary , And Tom. Ranked in order. I was just there yesterday and Angel gave me I think the best massage I have ever had in my life. I've been getting regular massages for the last 6 yrs I believe. Don't waste money at massage envy or anywhere else try this place first.
4	Been going here every few weeks since recommended by my nail girl a few months ago. Massages are full body, but clothed and in one big room with about 20 beds in it.  At first I found this a little awkward because I am used to the spa type atmosphere, but its the way it is and it's only $20/hr. They do expect a tip, $10 seems to have been sufficient. Also, it is important to note that they are cash only. I did not realize this my first trip and did not bring cash aside from the tip (they held my drivers license while I ran to the atm up the street). Going in the afternoon/ early evening seems to be a good time, I will avoid going on friday and saturday nights, as you seem to get drunk people that think It'll be fun to do and are way to obnoxious in an open room.It is a bit upsetting that when you are in the lobby that the staff does not tell people to silence their cell phone before entering the massage room and that people will need to be quiet once inside. I would think its a natural common courtesy to be considerate of other people, but I've come to realize most people on this planet are pretty inconsiderate of others!
5	***CASH ONLY*** This is a $20 full body massage, and worth every penny. Some of these negative reviews are ridiculous. If you have issue, you should go spend at least double for something a little fancier. Personally, I do spend the $150+ once a month to go to a full service spa. But once a week I am here at happy feet for a tune up and love it. Everyone is in 1 single room, but get past that. No one knows you so don't be shy. If you're hesitant, just go with a friend or two and you can laugh or make light of any odd people or anything out of place. Once you close your eyes it really doesn't matter. Some of the staff is much better than others, but find the ones you like and you can always ask for them. However, all of them will give you a thorough massage. They aren't afraid to get in deep. Happy Feet is definitely worth checking out!
1	Me and my friend went here for our first foot massages and it was fabulous! But they laughrd in our faces when we said only 5 dollars for a tip. Super disrespectful. Wont go back. They wont give your card back until you agree to tip higher.
4	This place is affordable and a great comfort after the Strip kills your beautiful feet! When i can in it was late, I was deliriously tired and my voice was gone. Main point the massage was firm and felt great. They are polite and go above and beyond. Took my bags, made me tea, called me a cab. Bottom line go there and get the best 5 star service for $20+tip!
3	Came here to get a full body massage.  It was okay.  The one thing I didn't like is that since it is just one big room, you get distracted by hearing other people chatting, walking about, and some even make noises when they get massaged.  I kinda wish they would separate the beds by a screen or something.  I wasn't totally relaxed but I guess that's what you get for the price you pay. The lady that did my massage was nice, at first she was gentle but she went pretty hard on my shoulders...and they're still sore the next day.  The other weird thing is that when you go pay at the front, your masseurs go to the front and just wait for you to tip them.  It's like they won't leave or let you leave till they get tipped.It was definitely an experience, but I probably won't be going there again.
5	Great massage in the heart of Las Vegas.  I had one during Thanksgiving break and Christmas break.  My first time ever to get a massage.  Only $20.  Great deal!  A very nice and quiet place.  So relaxing I dozed off.  My entire family loves this place.  We enjoy the late nights at Happy Feet.
4	Good for the price. I went here with 4 women while we were in town for the weekend. When we arrived we sent in one to check it out... Upon arrival the inside of the facility is clean and the staff was friendly. We were able to all get massages at the same time. The music was relaxing and once the massage started it was easy to relax. I would say that the overall experience was great... We enjoyed ourselves and the tipping process was fine... 4 of us gave $10And one tipped $20. After your service you pay at the front counter and your massage person offers you a little glass of water and waits for their tip. For a $20 massage a $10 tip is right on the mark.
5	Best massage in Vegas.  Ask for Coco, she may be petite but she can get the knots out of your back.  Best bang for your buck 20 dollars for 1 hour.  Please  be generous with tipping.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. Driving up to the location, I was a bit skeptical. This isn't a spa, but for the price of $20 for an hour of pampering, you can't go wrong. Tip big! Come on, it's $20!! We had a group of 5 girls (some of us had never been to a place like this). All of us left feeling very relaxed and happy. I left $20 for the tip. The hotel we stayed at charged $120 for 50 minutes...$40 was SOOO worth it!!!
5	If you have never been to reflexology or previously reviewed reflexology and try to compare it to your fold and fluff spa..... Think again! This is not that type of place and they are going to massage the living crud out of you. It's not abnormal to be sore the next day but overall they remove the stress, help with digestion, and work wonders on headache/migraine symptons.Traditionally reflexology focuses on the foot and lower leg, so I laugh when people comment on a full body massage, or expect to have their own room or space. If that is what you need then go back to the strip and pay 140$$$ an hour for a spa. Asian/Chinese reflexology has adapted to the American way and now give a head to toe massage, no nook or crevice is off limits. Don't be surprised when they crawl up on you and the masseuse drives their knees in your back, pull on your arms and legs, stretch you and massage from the inner ear to the inner thigh. It's all part of the experience.That being said, happy feet is one of the best around! They work hard and the reason your masseuse waits at the front with you for a tip is that is how they are paid. This is not white America where you earn wages and everyone feels good, this is china town and the house takes the $20 fee and tips go to the masseuse, so be kind and tip well these people work their tails off. Happy provides a very good overall experience. At other places masseuse have smelled like smoke, garlic, food, and been too rough. At happy feet they usually ask if the pressure is ok, no one smells like smoke, and you get 1 full hour if not more for your $20 plus tip. I usually give 15$ as a standard tip and that means for $35 I get a full one hour massage compared to fold and fluff joints that charge $70-$80 low end.Hope this helps and good luck on your reflexology experience!
1	Ok Yelpers, I have never been so disappointed and so disillusioned from reviews. If this is your idea of a great massage please do yourself a favor and go to Andy's Foot Spa. My friend and I decided to try here since it was open later and closer to home. Upon walking in, we looked around and there was no one to be found. Suddenly, with ninja stealth, a pile of clothes rises into an Asian woman and startles us. We should have known to leave then. Me personally, all I really need is someone to rub my head and feet and I'm a happy camper. If you want someone lightly scratching your head, plugging your nostrils during pressure points, and falling asleep every few seconds while they rub you, by all means come here. My lady yawned obnoxiously every few seconds when she wasn't sleeping, sniffling, or coughing on me. My friend didn't have it much better since her guy just came from is smoke break and smelled of 7/11 beef hotdogs and cheese. We gave each of them a $5 tip which was insanely generous given the circumstances. On the lighter side, we had a good laugh and great story out of it.
4	The negative reviews on here are pretty hilarious. Do you guys even have any idea what you're actually in the market for when you are shopping for a product? Are these people the same people who complain about a lack of organic vegetables at a Texas BBQ restaurant? Or no top-shelf liquor at the local dive bar? Do you get upset that your Kia doesn't have premium leather seats and doesn't go 0-60 in under 4 seconds?Fergawdsakes people, this is a Chinese-style, budget massage joint. It's $20/hour. Yes, people are all in the same room, and yes, you'll have to strip down to your underwear and get under the covers in a unisex room (I wonder if the same people freaking about 5 seconds of immodesty are the same ones wearing sexy swimsuits at the Palms or Hard Rock pools in summer). And yeah, maybe your masseur or masseuse doesn't speak English that well (while hipster Yelpers loooove it when no one in the restaurant speaks English; it's apparently a problem when the person with their hands on your back doesn't know the difference between subjunctive and conditional tense).Trust me folks, I've been to China many times and been to their massage joints. You're getting an authentic and legit experience (well, except here in Vegas no one is smoking in the room). If you don't like it, don't downvote the joint because you're too ignorant to know what you're getting yourself into. Otherwise you're the Yelper who gives the  Indian restaurant one star because "I don't really like Indian food". Can we at least agree that those people suck?
5	Great massage at any price!  I asked for a deep one and Happy Feet delivered.  I felt like a million bucks afterward.  Highly recommend.
5	Got a 2 hour massage and tipped Jenny $40. I had Candy the time before and did the same thing. The massage was great and so cheap. Even IF these therapists are getting a 50/50 cut they're making $10 an hour doing an extremely tiring job. They compromise their hands and body for just $10(maybe). Think of it like this, you can go to massage envy and pay $50 not including tip for a Swedish massage or $40 an hour including a GREAT tip to your therapist at this place. You're saving money at Happy Feet regardless, so don't be cheap. Take care of your therapist.
4	If you are a princess and having your hair touched and makeup smeared, then you need to stay out.... However, if you are wanting an affordable, well worth the price relaxation treatment this is the place for you.  I've had massage therapy for 30 years, and have never experienced anything like this.  You are walked into a darker room with nice soft music playing. There are about 12 tables in the room with therapist in the room working on clients. It's a very relaxing atmosphere. Yes it is gender mixed, but it's almost the same experience as when you are getting a pedicure.  You don't know the person in the chair next to you. I suggest taking loose and comfortable clothing. I thought it was going to be a foot massage and I ended up getting the whole body worked on. (Yes you keep your clothes on) The reflexology and trigger points truly helped my body that was tense and stressed out. I paid 60. Last week for a much lesser job. Only 2 negatives I felt: 1. When new people were coming in they were loud and not respectful of the others already in a session 2. The front desk needs to ask if a person has any injuries or areas of concern.  The therapist doesn't talk to you so they need to be given the heads up in advance. You are expected to tip but even with a big tip it's still more affordable than anything I've seen in Texas.
4	This place is my second favorite for message. It's a great value, and just like other places, it's trial and error. It took us about three times to find the right girl for the right message. You can't beat the $20 hour price. My only complaint is that unless you want to pay $50 for a private room, you are put in a group room with some 10-12 other people.There's nothing more likely to ruin your experience than an over weight man, who's had a long day, and a heavy garlic meal, sound asleep, and snoring loud, and exhaling a smell of onions and garlic from a $7 Asian buffet.Ask for Dina, and have her make your reservation. I would not trust the guy there, as his English is terrrible.The first time we went, he asked; "Man, woman, or no preference."To test him, I said, "What do you offer if a man wants happy ending?"He said, "Man, Woman, or no preference".We were regulars, until the Hostess, made a remark about Korean Women, after which, my wife decided to find a new place. I still think it's a good value.
5	Wow can I say wow this place is amazing!!! I came here with my hubby and he never been to a spa and he loved it I loved this place it was relaxing and so much for only  $20!!!!
5	I'm addicted to this place and tell everyone I know to try it!! Best $20 full body one hour massage I've ever had! They literally massage every single part of you from your scalp to your ears, face, etc. Each toe was massaged for about a minute!! And when it was over I could do it all over again. Only annoyance is since it is a room full of people getting massaged, occasionally they are noisily finishing up while I'm mid massage. They should really enforce no speaking & quiet movements while others are still getting their massage.*theyre now selling $6 dresses! I bought 4. The material is soft and sturdy, super cute styles! Great addition :)
5	First time my husband and I tried this place- it's pretty friend. Ask for Amy and Jerry they did a pretty good job! Will return whenever we get the chance!
5	This place is the best ever!!!!!! I live in Vegas and work very hard...I get an hour and aHalf for 30$$$!!!!! Most places I used to go too are 140$ and 180 even 200$ forAn hour and a half. This place is owned by very nice people. It's always a quite and very relaxing experience. I LOVE and NEED deep tissue- ask for Geenie she is amazingAsk for Art or Charlie for a male.I come here very often and always enjoyMy experience.......I'm on my way there now :) Xoxo
4	A reflexology massage after many hours of walking the strip was well deserved for my hubby and I. We called and they were able to get us right in which made it even more relaxing. Our therapist were both male and both applied excellent pressure the entire service. Pricing is very competitive and only $20 for the hour per person. My only complaint and -1 star is because both of our therapist and the one to my right were constantly whispering and laughing which was a little awkward. :/ Still tipped $10 for each therapist because they did a great job on the actual service.I would return when in Vegas..
5	If u like strong massages like me, ask for Tom...u wont be disappointed. kept me relaxed my whole drive back home to LA
5	My very first massage ever and it was great! Chinese style massage is awesome. Ive seen the other reviews and some disliked it. If your looking for a swedish massage then please dont go here. Its ASIAN massage. I love it for $20. Ill definitly come back often!
5	Came to Vegas for a concert a day before I was coming out my shoulder started to hurt by the time I got to Vegas my shoulder was killing me, I couldn't even sit still. Did a few yelp searched and decided on this place because of the reviews and price.  It's your typical Asian foot message place. I got louie. Typically I don't like guys because they are usually too rough for me and louie was fabulous. Although I didn't care for the face and head message but he his body massage made it for it ten folds.Only in Vegas for 3 days, but I think I will make it 4 days so I can see louie one last time.  I will defiantly be back.  Louie makes me want to move to Vegas.Shoulder feels great and now it's time to drink up and enjoy the strip!!
5	I was skeptic in the beginning but I had another episode of migraine & I walked in a little after 9pm & requested for strong hands but one that won't bruise me.  What a request right?  But they made it happen.  I am now hooked on this place & I ask for Tom.  The only downside is every time I get a massage, I always end up getting a breakout or rash of some sort on my forehead, same spot so not sure if it's the towel or what but this won't stop me from going.
1	Not too happy. Very soft hands I asked to have strength harder.  Chinese lady got mad. So she made it even softer. After paying I asked for a receipt. She said don't have . No receipt What a rip off. Go elsewhere
3	I don't think the 'therapists" are licensed. However I did like the first time I visited. A little rough and a bit deep. The 2nd time I took my daughter and we both got 'beat up" for a lack of better words. In pain and bruised for days. Kept asking to please be more gentle... Please be more soft but then I realized maybe they didn't understand! Pounding on our limbs and hips .. I even got sat up and knees in my back with my arms stretched back? Wth? Lol. Super nice American English speaking man who runs it. I don't think it's one of those shady little happy ending places either. Nice ambiance too. Overall, 20 bucks... Great price but you do get what u pay for! I'm a great tipper too!!!
4	Felt nice to relax before my buddy got married. You can tell your massagers how you want the pressure. Felt great. Only accepts cash.
5	Wow! Me and my husband have a new favorite massage place now. They gave the best pressure and both me and my husband were so amazed. I definitely recommend this to anyone wanting deep pressure.
4	This place is wonderful. It was nice, peaceful, and relaxing. The man that did my massage applied great pressure to my back and his reflexology skills was outstanding. The only reason why I dropped this down to a 4 was because he wasn't as nice as I thought he would be. I still tipped him and everything. If he was just polite and not told me "GET UP" in a rude manner, then this place would definitely be a 5 to me.
5	Amazing late night massage with my boo! Totally recommend this place. David was fantastic. This place might look shady at first glance but it's totally legit! Can't beat the price!!
1	Wasn't very happy with this massage, woman was rude when my boyfriend and I walked in, and afterward another girl and I who had just finished our massage were followed out by the two who massaged us, and waited by until we tipped them. I tipped over 50% but I wish I had only given five bucks, the one who massaged me hurt me! If you're looking for an hour massage for $20, don't expect much.
1	I can no longer recommend them as a good Foot Spa. Their new wave of technicians have no idea what they're doing and no one can relax in here with all the hustle and bustle going on. When people are speaking loudly, they're not asked to lower their voices thus ruining your massage experience. All the techs look like they hate their lives when you're walking in. Yeah, no thanks.
4	This place is close to the Orleans Casino, and far from Chinatown and all the other 100+ foot spas out there in a very lonely looking strip mall. We came here as walk-ins two weeks ago straight from a red eye flight from HI.  So the back and neck was kinked and I was sleep deprived.  This place is cash only and they are pretty adamant about the amount they want you to tip but I gotta say I liked my massage! Well, I fell asleep as soon as homie touched my feet and woke up when we was already pulling my pant legs down so I can't say it was good...but it must of been coz I crashed out and that's hard to make me do!Pros: -My dude technician had strong hands and really worked out the knots in my shoulders and neck and I had some serious ones. -Everyone was quiet in there, granted it was a full room that day, too. But I've been to some places where the technicians are talking to each other etc so it was great that everyone was about their business-Price! It's $20 for an hour BUT they do expect you to tip $10 or more so it could easily be the cost of any other foot spa out there in LV....(peep the happy/sad face chart inside)!   Cons:-Well, tho clean, it's a very no frills place. It's a huge dim room with loungers all lined up and that's it. Don't expect privacy, zen music or aromatherapy candles burning. -The forced tipping. Luckily, I liked my dude and he did a stellar job, but I don't like anyplace that makes you tip or gives you grief for not tipping what you believe it was worth. Plus your technician will be up in your face looking at you and the tip you give.
4	One of the best in Vegas. Absolutely love this place.  I come once if not 2 times a week. The owners are very nice. They just opened a new room in the back so they have a lot of space. No appt required but be sure to bring cash. They don't accept cards. Art, Anna, & Coco are my personal favorites to request but everyone is pretty good. Location is perfect not to far from the strip n away from Chinatown.
5	I had Anna and she gave the BEST massage ever! I have paid expensive spas and I have never had a better massage then from this place for only $20/hr! I want to go back to Vegas just to book her. Tips are important and I understand why. She is honestly worth a $20 tip. Next visit, I want an appt each day.
5	Oh MY GAWD!!!My girlfriends and I loved it here!We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and we pretty much didn't have time to relax going from one place to another...Then it was suggested that we find a place for foot massage at a reasonable price. Harrah's has foot massage for $85 for 20 minutes!!! WHAT THE?!?!? So I searched on Yelp and I cannot believe we found this place!!!We called to reserve for the 4 of us and they were very quick to get us in there as soon as we arrived! We were about 5 minutes late because of, well, the strip, and traffic getting there.It's a little far off the strip so if you get a taxi it might not be a good deal if you're just by yourself (it might cost ~$20+ one way). We drove and there was 4 of us so we saved a lot of money doing that.Back to the massage...It was the BEST massage I've had!!! And trust me, I've had A LOT of massages from places like this... I wasn't expecting much but it was amazing!!!And yes it was ONLY $20, they expect a good tip and why shouldn't they at the price they are charging!??~They do massage your hair and face so if you prefer they don't do that, you should let them know ahead of time!!!We did go there for a "foot massage" seeing how we were so tired from walking around all the time (average ~6 miles a day according to my walking app.) we wanted them to massage our feet, but they didn't really do that... haha but it was so good we didn't care.They did a full body and when they turned us over so we were lying on our chest, I can't believe what happened. She pulled my shirt up and un-clipped my bra, and tucked in my shorts. Then she started massaging my back with oil! It was so GOOD!!! That's never happened with another other foot massage place I've been to and it was really good. She tried to get to all the knots in my shoulder but it's almost impossible to get it all in one hour because it's really messed up, but I was so relieved afterwards. I will RECOMMEND this place to everyone that goes to Vegas because it's so AMAZING!!!I want to quote the Bachelorette, she said: "That's the fastest a man has ever gotten me to take my top off!!!" HahahaONE IMPORTANT THING BEFORE YOU GO, They only ACCEPT CASH!!!So bring a lot of cash cuz you might not want to leave! I didn't!!!
5	My sancho and I are massage JUNKIES. While visiting Las Vegas we were searching for massage therapists to provide massages for our clients at an upcoming event in November. Long story short, we found Happy Feet and we were amazed at the price ($20/1 hour) and we were delighted with the massages. We enjoyed it so much we returned the next day for another massage! Go...you will be glad you did!
5	I almost don't want my yelpers to know about it. This place is ridiculous. I love every second!!!
5	I have been to this massage place twice already and so far I love it. You can't beat the price at 20bux. The masseuse was very professional and I truly believe they are just as good as the physical therapist at massage envy. I would suggest to get there before 9pm because it can get packed. The place is cash only but so what! Go down to your bank and withdraw some cash. Also be ready to tip atleast 10 bux or else you will look cheap and they will not be smiling. These ladies do a fine job so it will be worth it. Like Aaron Rodgers said "r-e-l-a-x". Enjoy
4	Best. massage. ever. And for only $20! (cash only). THE perfect cure after spending the weekend wearing nonstop heels for a friend's bachelorette. I get massages every so often from my hometown in Houston, but this place surpassed them all. The lady was very professional and thorough. Every time I thought she was done, she made sure to take her time and not rush through the hour. Felt so relaxed afterwards, and still do! I'll have to come by whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	Cash only. 3 stars for being reprimanded and scowled at by my massager, Mary, for a $10 tip vs $15 that I used to give her. Not cool. Been coming for 3 years now when in town. Rated 4 stars in the past, but no more.  Mary was great and got $15 easy, but this time it was often bone on bone (elbow on spine/ shoulder blades), pulled hair & I could sense she was just going thru the motions, disengaged & not paying attention. I've recommended this place to many and this was the first time I couldn't wait to finish. Being hustled for more tip when the quality was poor is a BIG turnoff. I caved in and gave her another $5, but will never use her again.  I understand it's only $20/hr, but basic courtesy & professionalism goes a long way. Don't bite the hand that feeds you. Maybe the owners can pay their workers more as everything is cash run, business is great and a good chunk of $$$ goes under the table. Oh and please teach your staff basic American manners. Entitlement doesn't go well whether you're in a high end or humble work position. And a $10-15 tip might not seem a lot, but for a part time teacher and mother of 3, it's a genuine tip of appreciation, gratitude and what I can currently afford.
5	Got a one hour massage from Mike today.  So... I'm a massage therapist and I have lots of knots in my upper body.  Mike totally hooked it up. I'm pretty certain he put lots of effort and strength into my massage for $40 that was totally worth it then paying $180 @ the orleans for an 80 min massage. (Probably would not even have busted through the fascial)Mahalo nui mikeMuch Thanks MikeJorie
5	Barry was awesome! $20 for a 1 hour massage. I tipped $20 because it was that fantastic! So worth it! This will be a weekly routine.
5	This place is awesome!  5 stars!They are professional, low priced, clean, & open suuuper late. Treat yourself!!!
5	Woow I had my best massage in this place. It was exactly one hour as it advertised. Place looks crapy, and I was little concerned at the beginning. I'm glad that I trusted the yelp reviews and picked this place.
5	For looking so sketch on the outside, this place totally get 5stars from me!! Professional, clean and very tidy, and great service for an amazing price!!! Funny thing is I always drive past this place on Arville and always see the sign for $20/hour so I always wanted to check it out but the place looks so sketch. Like beside that business the rest of the plaza is abandoned. Once we (my mother and I) walked in we were immediately greeted! My sister came the day before us, and my father went earlier today around noon. Both raved about how good their massage was so Mom and I had to give it a go. We got our massage today around 5pm. They weren't busy at all. And even if they were... They have plenty of beds. Two large rooms at least 25 beds total if not more. My mother and I asked to use their restroom before our massage was to start. Bathroom is very clean and tidy, comfortable and made me know that if the bathroom is this clean I'm sure everything else is clean. We were also asked if we preferred male or female therapist. Mom and I both got male, Mom paired with Peter and myself with Dennis. If you've had a reflexology massage before then you know it differs from a massage envy type of massage in a sense reflexology concentrates on the nerve path and helps to relieve stress and tension and stretches and massages along the nerve path releasing pressure. You stay fully clothed so I would highly recommend wearing loose fit clothing that is easily adjusted as they will massage under the clothes while still on you. Oh and for the females... Wear a bra that hooks only in the back coz they will lift the back of your shirt (while you are laying on your stomach) and unhook the bra to massage full back! Oh yeh... My dad had hot stones placed on his back (he didn't ask for it) but my sister mom and I did not... So idk why some have hot stones and why some don't but it's still amazing!! They will ask while massage if it's too hard or too soft. Do not hesitate to tell them what you want. At one point I had to say a little bit softer coz I just couldn't handle how deep they go. Or I'm just too sensitive. If you want to just relax and have a nice fluffy massage... THIS IS NOT IT. But you want something deep and tension releasing... THIS IS THE SPOT! Dennis is amazing I'm going to ask for him again. And for $20 for a FULL HOUR (I gave a $10tip) but still say just $30 total you cannot beat that price!!!
5	2nd time to Happy Feet today and not disappointed! I asked for "Barry" but told the name is "Larry." I ended up with "Mary" and she was awesome! I usually ask for a male Messsage therapist, but Mary killed it.  $20 massage for an hour and I was so satisfied I tipped her $20. Simply love place. The atmosphere is not a typical salon. Yes, it's 1 room with several beds. Very similar to what you get in Thailand, and you are fully clothed. Wear something comfortable and enjoy!
1	Recently I went to this foot massage parlor, and get my foot massaged. The price is reasonable! But the lady name Lily wasn't  doing a good job on the foot massage, so I gave her some tips just for her service. And here is the bad part, after I gave her the tips, she rush out the massage parlor & stand behind my car & won't let me leave! So I told her that if she won't let me leave, I will call 911!  She obvious got scared & moved out of the way.So the next day I came back and want to make a proper complaint with the owner, but    obvious the owner wasn't available. So I end up put the complaint up here & hope the owner can see this.
5	Its a big room you feel comfortable no funny business.  Good price and the staff is accommodating.
5	Best massage I've ever had I think.  It's $20 for an hour.  That is unheard of.  I did a full body massage and a foot soak and massage. Kevin, my masseuse was beyond amazing!  I left him a $30 tip.  Anywhere else the massage would have been around $70 so the least I could do was hook him up!  I will definitely be back!  What a gem to find in las vegas!  Thank you guys for the wonderful service!
5	Stop looking for other massage place and just go this one! Cheapest price and great massage in NV!
