5	CHEAP EATS ALERT! I love the menu here...tacos, cheese crisps, and burros.  Everything is made fresh, tastes great, and is inexpensive!  The fish tacos are standouts here along with the burros. Grab yourself some fresh salsa, plop down on a folding chair with your Negra Modelo, and try not to splash anything on your neighbor!  :-)
4	Guedo's (Hwed-ohs, not Gweed-ohs) has been a long standing favorite for many years. It remains up near the top of my list for lunch or dinner.First of all, remember it's a taco shop. Do not order the filet mignon there, unless it's rolled into a taco. They also have burros and cheese crisps, but it's all basically the same stuff. There are plenty of veggie items as well as excellent fish and shrimp tacos.The ordering of meat tacos is pretty basic: you say taco, you say beef, pork, chicken or combo (the combo is best, it is spiced differently from the rest), you say if you want cheese or not, and you can order some add-ins like guacamole. The rest of it you build over at the fixin's bar. Pay for your stuff and take a seat until you are called. There is limited inside seating, but there is also tull outdoor seating as well as an enclosed patio. The recently added cantina features a full bar.If you are trying an Atkins diet, tell when when you are ordering, they have a few non-menu options for you. I have ordered off of the catering menu and gotten a pound of their beenj with fixins for $10.It's good, basic Mexican food served by nice people. If you want something fancy, try El Zocalo just to the west. I'll take Guedo's 8 out of 10 times.
4	I love the fish tacos.
5	Great authentic Mexican food. Great place to get tacos with cabbage and lime like Mexico intended.
5	Great Mexican food, at an awesome price. The patio is fairly large as well making it nice for when the weather finally cools off.
4	Good, inexpensive, authentic Mexican eats. Indoor seating is limited as others have mentioned, but the patio's covered and fairly comfortable even during the summer.Try the horchata!
4	Good... tasty... authentic... inexpensive...friendly. Pick any 5Great tacos, cool patio to kick it with a Corona. The staff are always friendly. Used to be a hangout for the 'Willie' pilots before the base closed. Fun atmosphere. Give them a try next time you're hankering for tacos & cerveza.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country. I love the cheese crisps chicken and beef.
4	This place is GOOD.  In fact that reminds me that I need to eat here again soooooon.
2	I feel like a wet blanket giving this place 2 stars, I know its popular, but its definitely not for our family.The hubbie and I tried Guedo's YEARS ago (try over 10).  He didn't care for it...no chips n salsa to go w/ the meal?  No sides?With him out of town, I figured it was a chance for me and the kids to try Guedo's since I didn't have any real issue with it when visiting it w/ the hubbie.It was annoying that they do not take debit or credit cards...only cash.  Which I found out after they had rung up our ticket.  Fortunately they had an ATM machine in the place, so I was able to get cash along with a $2 fee.The kids did not care for Guedo's.  Similar reasons to their dad...no chips and salsa, even if you pay extra for it at places like Rubio's?  My daughter didn't think her chicken Guedo burro was that good and my son wanted to get a refill on his drink, which he figured was not allowed, so he didn't ask.  For similar pricing, the son looks more favorably on Filiberto's where the burros are huge.  I did like my shrimp burro.The indoor seating is cramped.  Tables are small; there really was only 1 table that could sit 4 in the space that was open.  I think there is additional indoor dining that may have been closed off, not sure, but it was too windy for me to eat outside.  No way I would eat outside too when the triple digits start hit.So if you want a simple burrito, taco or torta w/ no sides and just a beer, I would re-visit Guedo's; however, to do so I would have to go alone or w/ someone that is not a family member.
3	I have to say that I've given this place three tries.  I finally got served and had a chance to taste the food, and I am writing this review after three attempts.  The first time I came here, I was confused by the many entrances (go ahead and laugh, but I mean it!), and I don't like that when I enter a restaurant for the first time.  Then when I found out that there are no waiters bringing food to you, I promptly left, as I was simply not in the mood that day, as I was entertaining an out-of-town guest.  On my second visit, I arrived 30 minutes before closing and placed an order with my boyfriend.  Neither of us had cash, so we were both very embarassed at the front of the long line.  Instead of using the ATM (which my boyfriend refused to use out of principal), we left and were told they would be closed by the time we were back, so our order was cancelled.  Finally, we made it back this past weekend for food!  I had a fish taco and a corn quesadilla with green chiles.   I would not get the quesadilla again as there was not enough cheese.  The fish taco was good, but not good enough for me to come back here over Filiberto's or El Taco de Chandler.  I find the ambience to be very cool; I like the beach thing going on.  However, I find the service to be disappointing, especially the lack of waiters, the cash-only policy, and the hours of operation.  I like my food available later than 9pm sometimes, so establishments like this simply will not do.  I haven't totally written it off; I may come back on a hot day for a Corona and a fish taco on the sand.  But more than likely, I'll choose one of the competitors instead.
4	The atmosphere and staff are really great here. It's rather cozy without feeling cramped, although I've never been here while it's been crowded. The food here is quite good as far as Chandler goes, but you could get better and more at the same price elsewhere if you were willing to drive a little. Although I don't see why the cash only policy would actually deter someone from going, it is rather surprising for a place as nice as this. The salsa bar is very well stocked, and is probably the best reason to eat here. I've never drank here, but the bar always looks nice and moderately busy, if a bit small.
5	It's funny because I lived in Chandler for years, drove past this place tons of times and always said I wanted to try it out... never did, until last thursday.  I went back that day for dinner also... soo good.Went with a few friends to check it out and I've gotta say it was the best shrimp taco and shrimp burrito I've probably ever had including Rocky Point.  The baja style food was so good, reminded me of being IN rocky point.The sandy outdoor patio with the little straw umbrella cabana type tables are awesome and make you not want to go back to work while at lunch.Only weird thing is they only take cash... They have an ATM inside that charges $2 to take money out but if you give them a receipt of your ATM transfer they'll give you a $2 coupon for your next visit - and don't worry because you'll want to go back.It's a taco shop, but it's not dirty or anything.  Get in there and enjoy!
1	I tried this place twice before the remodel and the food was not good.  I tried the bar twice after the remodel because of the atmosphere potential and the service was lame with no mexican beer on tap.  There is also a creepy-ness factor with this place, something is not quite right at this business.  I can't quite put my finger on it but its definitely there.  I won't be going back.  Two good Mexican food places within walking distance of this place anyway.
1	not the best for family dining and man was it not worth it! I am a huge fan of Elmer's Tacos (right down the street) and thought I would give Guedo's a try for once. MISTAKE. What kind of a place doesn't take CC's?  Disappointing to say the least. Food was below average and the lack of service and smiles really annoyed me.
4	Not a huge mexican food fan in general, but Guedo's was fun and pretty good (for mexican.)  Fish or shrimp tacos & burros are very good, tostada & torta were pretty good.  Love sitting outside in the sand :) The no credit card thing is weird but there's an ATM literally at the front door, so get over it people.  They just don't want to be hassled with the extra charges, I'm ok with that.
2	I find it funny that people are calling this "cheap" and "authentic".  The only way anyone could say that is if they're natives of California, where a $3 taco or $7 burrito is considered "cheap" and mixing average rice and beans into a burrito is considered "authentic". It's not bad, by any means.  The food is hot and reminds me of that California beach-style mexican that you can get in San Diego.  I guess maybe I'm just not that sort of beaner, as I personally feel the Sonoran or New Mexican styles are just better tasting.  Regardless, someone mentioned being embarrassed that the multiple entrances confused them.  Don't feel bad, buddy.  I walked all around the building feeling like a jackass because i wasn't sure where to go.  And then I go in and realize you have to order at some awkwardly placed cash register, and it's cash only, and that's already a few marks off.  Then when the food was lackluster, I decided that Guedo's (aptly named, this is the kind of place that just screams "COME SEE ME, TOURISTS!") just isn't my bag, baby.The only thing that really saved this place from certain craphole-status is their outside patio/bar.  It's a nice looking place and when the weather starts getting right in the Phoenix area (basically any time except the hottest parts of summer) it'd be a nice place to get toasted and try to hit on pasty out-of-towners wandering over from the San Marcos resort.
5	We've been going to Guedo's for over 20 years!  It's not your fancy, schmancy dining experience, and they don't serve microwave food!  If you want to taste fresh, tender, garlicy marinated, grilled steak or pork tacos on fresh corn tortillas with homemade pico di gallo, this is the place.  If you want reconstituted beans and ground beef, go somewhere else.  Food is always consistent.  Servers are always friendly.  Love the place man!
4	Great little shop with plenty of Mexican influence. Love the shrimp offerings all starting for $4.50.  Sand floors, great colors, all they need is the ocean!
2	The food is good enough.  Great pork.  However I've had sloooooooow service experiences and my biggest complaint is the cost for the amount of food I get.  Not a bad place.  It is just that there are better.  Elmer's anyone?
5	I am really sad to see some of these mediocre reviews, here's to changing that. This is literally my favorite Mexican food joint... Period! And I love mexican food. I highly recommend the steak tacos, to die for!The quesadilla's with jalapenos are so delicous.And a side of beans with cheese tops it off.They have the best taco's around, and I've tried many many mexican joints. Please go there, you'll love it.
3	I am giving this place 3.5 star based on the fish tacos.  They were yummy.  The staff was very friendly and gave us the low down on how it all operates at Guedo's.  We had a beer with each taco and it seemed pricey for what is essentially no service fast food.  I did enjoy it but with how competitive this market is, it just isn't worth it for me to drive to Chandler and pay double at a cash only place.
3	Fresh and delicious, no question there. I can't really add much to what people have said about the food. It is very good and everything is made when you order. They have a great salsa bar offering a variety of salsas to satisfy your pallet.  There are 3 big problems that keep Guedo's from a 4 or 5 star rating. 1. No combination plates. 2. EVERYTHING costs extra. If it isn't in the description on the menu, it will cost you to add it. 3. Cash/Check only.These issues don't mean the food isn't worth it; it does mean that we don't go here as often as we probably would otherwise.Try Guedo's out if you haven't yet. Just know what to expect when you get there.
3	The cash-only policy and getting nickel and dimed for everything annoys me a lot, but I'd probably be willing to overlook it if the food were really good.  It's decent; I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't blown away either.  I wouldn't choose to go back, especially with so many tastier and cheaper options around, but if I were with someone who wanted to go I wouldn't object.
4	I love hole in the wall finds. I can't take credit for this find as my boyfriend took me here one afternoon for lunch. But, I think he knows that I'm a sucker for outdoor dining. Plus, it was gorgeously sunny outside. We both ordered some grub... I think I had a chicken burrito on my first visit. This place is cash only, which is a huge pain in the butt these days. They do have an ATM in house, but it charges you a couple bucks to take out your cash.
2	I've gone here off and on for nearly 20 years...I'd go more often but honestly, it's way overpriced.Food is fresh and delicious which brings me back...but shortly after I walk in I remember why it is often 6-12 months between visits.First, it's cash only...they have an ATM inside which charges you 3 or so dollars to make a withdraw - that's a pet peave of mine - a business should make it easy for their customers to buy from them.So sour taste write off the bat...then the prices. If you like cheese and guacamole on your taco...it'll cost you nearly nearly $4 for one taco - that's ONE TACO, no beans/rice (that's extra) and NO CHIPS - they don't have them.So I was in the area a couple weeks ago and took my family there for lunch on a Saturday to introduce it to them - it costs $60 for lunch for 6 people...which is absolutely rediculous (and yes, I had to pay a fee to get money out of their ATM because I forgot to take out cash prior.Save some money and go to Elmers Taco Shop down the street...you can feed the fam and have enough left over to see a movie.
4	I love this place; the owners are friendly and the burritos are excellent.I recommend the pork Guedo burro; big and tasty; probably Chilpotle sized but better.There's a small seating area indoors with humorous decor throughout; but you really want to be sitting outside.  Their pico de gallo has a ton of green chilis which is a good thing.They don't take credit cards but do have an ATM inside.Pina Coladas are great but only available Fri and Sat I believe.
4	"listo, Matt listo!!" Ahh, just those three little words bring my tastebuds to tingling as I can completely visualize the Guedo Chicken burro (has a very unique sauce that you won't find anywhere) closely nestled up against a steak taco with cheese as if they are old acquaintances just getting back to each others' company.Yes, it is pricey for the size of the portions, but I'm at the stage of my culinary travels that I no longer pine for the La Tolteca 3lb burrito for $4.99 (or whatever it goes for these days), but rather a nice quality meal with a cold cerveza.The expansions that they've done since I first started going here back in 1995 are a nice touch and its nice to see that they survived the city of Chandler's construction problems.They're also one of the few places in town that I can get a veggie burro/taco with whole beans, instead of ones that have been watered down with like a ton of lard and no taste.If you want quality, add this to your list. If you want quantity, go to Chipotle.
4	The best fish tacos I have ever had. The decor is laid back and very Mexico Mexican. Great place for lunch. They are a little pricey, however.
5	You can find a lot of mediocre Mexican food in the Valley. Guedo's, however, does the basics right. Beans, rice, tortillas, and meat that stand up on their own. The tortillas in particular are huge, pillowy, and delicious. The service is always prompt and they never lack for seating.
4	I have a few places that I like to take out of town guests and Guedo's is on that list. I'll be brief.PROS:- Good food.- Generally fast for making on the flyCONS:- Cash only (*** UPDATE: they now accept credit cards)- Small portions (Guedo's burrito and tostadas are probably best bang for the buck)- Weird hours. Even the outside bar closes early and is closed on Sunday and Monday.To keep the price down I normally order 1 guedo burrito and 1 tostada and 1 small drink. you can have them refill your drink if you want, for free. This combination seems to be the best bang for the buck for me.
5	I'm happy to say that I've incorporated Guedo's into my weekly routine.  The food is excellent and the atmosphere is spot-on. I've read several reviews where people complained about the food being overpriced but I really don't mind paying a little extra when it comes supporting local businesses; especially a staple of the community like Guedo's.  If you're looking for a place with awesome food and an owner who cares to learn your name, come to Guedo's.
4	I kept hearing about this place from some good friends of mine.  They would frequently mention their visits and their food and the friendly personal service from Guedo himself.  Well I finally got to try this place out for myself.  Weaving our way in from the parking lot through a couple of sandy patio seating areas.  Immediately I felt like I was on vacation in Mexico at a beachside cantina.  We picked up drinks and sat outside under an umbrella.  I scanned over the menu trying to decide what to order while we chatted and chilled.  The rest of the regulars already knew what they wanted and they talked me into Guedo's fish tacos.  Two of us went back inside and placed our order at the register with Guedo.  I ordered 2 fish tacos and a side of beans. We went outside and within about 15ish min they were calling us to pick up our order.  We went inside loaded up our baskets with goodies from the salsa bar.  My personal favorite was the red salsa, spicy and flavorful.While we were there, a group hosting a going away party was there too.  Perfect location especially there on the back bar/patio area.  This would also be a nice place to do a little day drinking.  *Dangerous...*
4	Each time we visit the Chandler area we stop in at Guedo's to grab some juicy tacos with various fillings.  Without fail the shrimp taco is a HIT!  Actually, everything is a hit down to the Horchata and the Chocolate Chihuahua cake!  Seriously, if you want some tacos to down at a decent price this is the place to visit.  The ambiance is quite serene with sand floors, mood lighting  :), and lots of photos and articles about the establishment.  It's a plus, also, to have the proprietor taking orders and ringing up the orders.  Really, you must try Guedo's, it does not disappoint!
3	The 3-stars are because the prices detracted from the taste of the food.  I couldn't believe how much they expected from the little portions that they served.  This is DEFINITELY NOT a family or college student place.  At these prices, this place should be in Scottsdale.Service:  They are what you'd expect from a service establishment.  The wait staff is working, so don't expect pleasant conversation or friendly banter.  This is a business.Price:  Where else can you pay $8 for a 2-taco meal?  and do you want a drink with that--- because it will cost even more...Taste:  Average.  It's mexican food from a mexican restaurant, so it's exactly what you'd expect.  Please don't expect something spectacular.The prices for stunning little portions will definitely keep me from coming back.  I ordered my food from the cash register, and couldn't believe that they thought the portions for my money were OK.  I could've easily eaten two portions for a lunch portion, and yet it would've been $16.  Don't expect college-student prices from this Scottsdale-type price list, and don't expect college-student portions from this meager-portion list.  Also, don't think that their idea of a single-portion would feed an American male...  I heard that John Wayne was 6'4" tall, and I'm not THAT big.  Since I wasn't satisfied, I'm SURE he'd never be satisfied by what they wanted to charge for a single, American-man's portion.  So sad.
4	I've been going here with my family ever since we moved to Arizona when I was a kid. It's always had a really laid back atmosphere.We always get the pork tacos and quesadillas (which we load up with salad/slaw stuff from the free salad bar). I LOVE the pork tacos. They're street taco style so they're small, but I have never tasted another taco like the pork tacos at Guedo's. Maybe they just seem magical to me because of my childhood memories of them, but seriously. They're good.
4	I just received a message from the owners saying that they will now be accepting credit cards.
2	I have friends who love this place, but it's really just bland and overpriced. $13 for a small burrito, taco, and drink is way too much for what it is. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's within walking distance of where I work, so if I'm really craving this style of food, it's not a horrible choice.
2	Food is mediocre at best.  The place was filthy, covered in a layer of dust.  They don't take credit cards and force you to use the $5 ATM.I'd give it one star, but that just feels mean.
4	I had not been to this spot for years so I needed to give it another try... Entered the restaurant and was greeted by a really friendly and helpful staff... I looked the menu over and went with the fish taco and a beef taco... I rate the food as followed.Fish Taco - ABeef Taco - AI was really impressed with the tacos they were really good... Plus really good salsa and chips I will be back for sure.
3	My food was tasty enough, especially the shrimp taco.  As others have commented on, they charge extra for everything.  Really, do they need to charge extra for cheese on a taco?  The portions were pretty small also.  I was done with lunch in less than 5 minutes.
4	The table seating outside with sand at your feet and cantina style seating indoors, be assured Guedo's Taco Shop is the real deal. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially when we told them we were from out of town. We chose fish tacos and beef tortas, both were delicious! The green sauce was our favorite of the salsas. Great food, low prices, and an authentic Mexican Cantina vibe.
4	I love Guedos!  The shrimp and the fish tacos are wonderful. I love the ambiance but the fish burrito/tacos may be the best I've ever had.  If you're looking for giant portion size, look elsewhere (thank goodness.) I can usually finish a burrito and I'm a smaller girl.The 'layer of dust' the person from 7/23 is referring to is probably from all of the polaroids stapled on the walls. Very quaint little place and the owner is a wonderful man, also.They also now take debit!
3	This is one of my favourite taco joints in the Valley.  I used to live in Chandler and came here often. Recently I stopped by for the first time in 12 years and nothing changed.  The place looked exactly the same and food tasted the same. I must say that I nearly always applaud consistency in dining.  The tacos here are great.  The food is fresh and tastes homemade.  They have a fix-in area by the counter that provide salsa and other condiments.  The portions are good, not great for the money.  I usually spend about $8 to $10 for a meal, but am not always full afterward.  They offer lunch specials between 11 a.m. And 3 p.m. during the week.  Otherwise the menu is ala carte.The Mexican cantina environment is ideal and creates an authentic beach like atmosphere.The staff is friendly and you can usually find a table. Overall Guedo's is one of my favourite places in the Valley.Revised: 12/12/12I must say that my last view visits have been a turn off.  The portions get smaller and for the money it is simply not worth it.  I like to pay with credit card when I am able to do so.  Each time I pay for my meal I am asked if I can pay in cash.  The answer is simple - no.  I am overpaying for my meal and the interchange fee should not be over 2%.I enjoy the food, but not the hassle...........
5	The place has been cleaned up lately, which is nice, but the real draw are the fish taco's.  It's the only thing I get there.  They are so good i'm afraid anything else just couldn't compare.  Put some extra cilantro, a squeeze of lime, and some tapatio hot sauce on them and you won't be let down.  It's best to go there for lunch and get the tacoholic special
1	This place is horrible.  Depressing atmosphere, poor quality food, very small portions, but high prices.  Flabby corn tortillas, very little filling (tacos, burros, quesidillas), and barely warm.  No chips available on weekdays.  Ordered items with pork and was told it was "spoiled."  I can't believe this place stays in business!
4	My family has been eating there since it opened back in the day.I won't get into the decor, since there isn't any.As for the food...outstanding....just throw your wallet in the door.  If they throw it back out you'll have enough money to feed more than one person.
4	I really enjoy Guedo's Fish and Shrimp tacos - they come heavy with well-prepared (ie. not overcooked shrimp) ingredients and the sauce is soooo yummy.  I also like the salsa-bar they have chock full of radishes, cilantro, onions, and several types of salsas.  I enjoy the low-maintenance of this place, though sometimes it seems a little too low .. but, again, that is the atmosphere of this place, so it honestly doesn't keep me from returning.  Note, though, that some might consider his fish/shrimp tacos expensive (IMHO, shrimp shouldn't be priced like a 99c value meal.. it just isn't!... but that's just me!)I like to hang out and wait for my food by the register because sometimes the cooks there sing along to the Mexican music and it's quite entertaining.  I wish this place got more business because it really seems like it has great food, but maybe the competition on AZ Ave with all the Mexican joints is too much...Every so often, I CRAVE their tacos, so I would say I'm a lite-regular.
4	I've been coming here regularly for over 10 years; it's definitely one of my favorite places in Chandler.  I've enjoyed watching this restaurant grow over the years, adding chips on weekend nights and accepting credit cards.Order the fish burro--you won't be disappointed, especially if you load it down with the pico de gallo, which is the best I've ever had (including homemade).   I'll be honest, we order cheese crisps and get chips whenever possible just to eat more pico.  It's just that good.
3	OK, so we went back tonight for dinner.. I have to say, I was pretty peeved that they raised their prices.  So, now when I ordered just ONE shrimp taco, it came out to 4.90 with tax and all - are you flippin' kidding me!?!?!  It's about 5 shrimp, chipotle cream salsa, red cabbage, and corn tortilla for FIVE DOLLARS.  No way... I mean, they're pretty damn good tacos for being hundreds of miles away from the shore, but 5 dollars for ONE taco?  That's a bit presumptuous. Like I said before, I'm not expecting .99c value meal prices.. but I'm also not paying Scottsdale prices for a taco.
2	Went to Guedos for the first time today and was really disappointed.  The food was terribly over priced and all normal sides are ala carte to your entree.  Rice and beans are an expensive add-on and are  served in styrofoam dishes.  You have to pay extra for chips and salsa as well.  I spent $20 for a meal that would have been no more than $11 at a  better quality restaurant.  The burro I had was fairly bland and tasteless, the beans were alright but nothing special and the rice not good at all.  I would have enjoyed taco bell much more at 1/3rd the price.  Glad some like this place.  The owner seems like a nice guy, but Imho, the prices and food quality are a deal breaker.
4	OK, so this was my 1st visit even though I've lived in the East Valley for 20+ years.  I just never had an incentive to go.  Alright.  I understand the complaints of others that prices are somewhat higher than most.  But in my opinion that's most frequently a trade off of quality (while supporting a definite mom & pop local institution) vs. large-scale mass production.  For me, I almost always choose the quality.  Life is just too short to demand a value menu for the usual dreck that comes with it.Having done the research on their website and Yelp, I kinda knew what I wanted, and I knew about where to order (cash register) and available items on the condiment bar.  Being by myself with $20 bucks to spend (Living Social -- ah, there's my incentive!), I start with a corn "cheez crisp", and proceed to order a fish taco, a shrimp tostada, and a beef (carne asada) burro plus a Mexican beer (Bohemia, if you must know!)The corn cheez crisp is more like a corn quesadilla, but it's made with a good quality white Mexican cheese (Chihuahua? maybe Menonita?)  Tasty, especially when dipped in their "hottest" red salsa.  2 tortillas folded in half, easily polished off by myself, but better to share as to not take up unnecessary capacity for a tasty, yet mostly superfluous appetizer.The tostada comes out next, with a very nice mix of frijoles (not whole beans) plus 4-5 shrimp, lettuce, onion, and sour cream drizzle (not a lump).  Very tasty.  The shrimp are griddled medium-rare.  I liked it quite a bit.Next, the fish taco and burro were up (your name is broadcast to let you know it's ready).  The fish taco is clearly up with the best I've ever eaten (including Mr. Taco in Rocky Pt, and yes, decidedly better than Rubio's).  The fish is very fresh, crispy, yet tender, and everything supports it.  Superior!I could stop there, but I really wanted to try the burro while it was fresh.  Man, I'm glad I did.  The carne was expertly seasoned and char-grilled while combined with some mashed avocado, frijoles (not whole beans) and pico.  In a way, I was sorry that I saved it for last.  But hooray!  I have 1/2 leftover for tomorrow -- no, couldn't stop with just 1 or 2 bites.As for decor and ambiance, I'm a low-emotion computer dude, so that stuff really doesn't affect me (ha ha!  maybe that's why I'm eating by myself!).  But I can say that I really liked the outdoor sand & tables, the enclosed patio, and the insides.   To my way of thinking, it was an attractive beach party in downtown Chandler.  (Very family friendly, not rowdy at all, mostly gringos and not bikers ).Service was good, food was very good, and pricing acceptable.  I'm sorry I glossed over them the last 20 years!
5	Best Mexican I've had in AZ. Callie is a sweety and the owner is really cool. I recommend .
2	Cool layout looks like a fun place. Great location in downtown Chandler. Overpriced food and not that tasty. There is not reason a fast food taco shop should cost 35 bucks for two people to have a burrito 2-3 tacos as small as they were, 1 margarita and and a beer. The tacos were the tiny street tacos that are usually 99cents at most places. Wouldnt reccomend.
4	Cool Mexico atmosphere.  Greeted by the owner at lunch time who was a super cool guy!   Had the shrimp taco and the fish taco.  Shrimp taco was ok, the fish taco rocked!  Great fresh fish and the cabbage gave it that perfect taste combination.  Wife had the Chix. quesadilla.  She loved it.  A little over priced, but the food was very good!
3	I went here because I had a gift certificate.  I ordered their shrimp taco and a chicken burro.  The shrimp taco was delicious (great sauce), small but it packed a punch. It was priced at under $5.  I would re-order this but only if I wanted to splurge.  The chicken burro was not very tasty.  I don't recall it being moist or maybe I had to use one of the sauces to have a better experience?  It had a nice beach patio, but it was so close to the busy Chandler Blvd.  It can be dark inside so watch your step. A plus is their own parking lot!
4	Fish tacos are just amazing! Seriously the best fish tacos ever!  The man always gets the steak tacos with cheese. One of our favorite spots for a casual, quick dinner!
5	I have been going to Guedo's since it opened back in 85, I think, I have been reading the reviews and I did not read one that recommended the mixed taco with cheese. Friends, it is fantastic, You should give it a try. I usually get two with a side of rice, Bueno!!!
5	The first time I traveled to Chandler, AZ was about a year or two ago to visit relatives who recently moved there. My aunt and I had been shopping all day and she suggested Mexican. I told her if possible to avoid tex-mex restaurants and show me an authentic Mexican place that she has enjoyed.  Well okay, so I admit from the outside, it looked kind of sketchy, but not to the point where it was dangerous, but like "oh gosh am I going to get possible food poisoning after eating here" ? ......... Definitely not. This place is AMAZING and when I go back to visit in a month, I arrive in Phoenix around noon and already told my aunt that Guedos is going to be the first stop after getting off the plane !! The food is delicious. Since I had never been there, the owner had me try a little piece of all of the different meats, so I could find out which ones I wanted in my burritos or tacos. You really can't get any more authentic than this and prices were extremely reasonable. We even sat outside under a shaded area and the ground had sand instead of pavement which I thought was cool. Even my other cousin who is a regular visitor to Chandler always remembers to request going to Guedo's for a quick lunch. Highly recommended place to eat for a simple and quick lunch !!
1	Still looking for that ever eluding Mexican food joint with decent taste and prices. I was disappointed once again! There are no combination plates here, which makes it very expensive. I ordered a pork burro, refried beans and ice tea, total $12.00...hardly a bargain. Seating is mostly two person tables IF you want AC, a lot of outdoor seating with a outdoor bar,all sandy floors which is not my cup of tea.Needless to say, I will not be back, bad seating and decor, over priced and not memorable food.
1	The food is over priced for the size of portion that is received.  Also no chips and salsa except on Friday and Saturday night.  But the worst thing is the owner.  He is such a rude jerk.  I have dined here for the last time.
5	Best Baja style Mexican food in AZ!!!  Try the fish tacos!  Try the quesadilla!  Try everything!!!
1	Note to self: chicken tacos here are horrible, terrible, deplorable, with out a welcome taste, a full on insult to my palette, flies would turn them down, marooned sailors would rather chew sand than eat these, so bad that a cat falling in the mix would be a welcome addition, so poorly seasoned and dry that I got more moisture and flavor from the cabbage. On the bright side when I throw this up in a bit my dinner from last night will make it taste better going up than it did going down! If this place has been here for over 18 years it certainly had zero to do with chicken taco sales or the business is actually a front for a money laundering operation for the mob! The owner did look Italian..My sister and nieces company "niece wisely chose not to eat" did make it slightly bearable though..Next time I will have the fish tacos so many other people on here review well and hope for the best. I still can't get over the nasty chicken tacos, the owner needs to try his competitions tacos and refine his, if a stand in baja in the middle of no where can get it right with limited resources he should be able to get it right too.P.S. the horchada didn't suck.
1	Meh.  Overpriced, mediocre food and drinks. Staff is rude.  Many rave about this place.  Why?  The one star for the outdoor decor.
1	We have been going to Guedos for years. On a recent visit I think it was our last.The place is filthy. What may have once been shabby chic is now disgusting. Torn burlap hanging from the walls. The food was barely edible. To top things off we had a strawberry drink that was $5!!! each!! The so called service at the register did not bother to inform us of the price.Last time try El Sol up the road if you want good food, low rices and a clean place to sit.
2	ok...not that good, not horrible.   First I had no cash and got charged $1.50 to use my Visa debit card so my 'lunch special' that was $6.99 ended up being $13 with a drink.Portions were small,  bean were a bit watery.  Had two carne asada tacos, not much flavor and the steak was cut in to big chunks, not normal for Carne Asada from my experience.  Tortillas seemed store bought and fell apart while eating.  There you have a honest review.  will add a pic.
1	I will never call or step foot in this place.  I called in to place a large to go order  and the person on the other end gave me nothing but attitude.  He was very resistant on every question I asked and then proceeded to ask me why I wasn't eating at there establishment verses taking food to go.  None of his business!!!!!  Who does that!!!  He then told me that he wasn't going to finish my order because he doesn't need any complications in his business and I was giving him grief!!!  WHAT!   Just a piece of advice, never step foot in this place unless your looking for attitude.  I will go to Garcia's and give them my business.  I'm sure they will appreciate it.
2	The food is good, but no better than any other Mexican restaurant. The prices are ridiculous! $3.50 for one taco. Probably won't be going here again, unless I win the lottery.
4	I love the Pork tacos with cheese and avocado.  I have been going here 20+ years and get them with the hot salsa every time.  Everyone I take here enjoys the pork.  Not the cheapest taco in town, but my favorite for sure.  It is far from fancy, but a Chandler landmark for sure.  Get Tacoed!
5	This is the place to go for fish tacos in Chandler!! They are delicious! I bring my family members here when they come to visit and we always order the fish tacos, chips and salsa, and a corona. After our meal we head over to Paletas Betty's for dessert.  Perfect combo!!
5	Love love this place! Tacos are legit and I love the outside bar and umbrella seats. They brought in sand to make you feel like you are really in Mexico.
5	I'm in love with this place and their tacos.  I try to eat their for lunch once a week when I'm in the area and always enjoy it very much.  Mix up the type of tacos and you won't go wrong.  I've never eaten anything else but the tacos with the sides (and probably won't since that is the reason I go) but others who have gone with me have and say the food they have is great.  I recommend you try it and I think you will love it too.
1	I found the food to be okay, not great,  but the prices were quite high.  $3 for a side of chips and I think you could have counted about 35 chips in the bowl.  The salsa was delicious but the chicken burro was not that good and again quite pricey for the small size of it.  Also, shabby chic would be a huge upgrade from this mess of a restaurant.  Just a little too run-down for my liking.
2	Well, THAT was disappointing.  Seriously. Disappointing.  I guess I should start by saying the food tasted good, but it certainly was not WOW good. And for the prices we paid, it was not good enough.First of all there is no table service. You stand in line to place your order at a counter.  This is something that you expect when ordering / eating fast food, but, again, the prices are ridiculously high for not being a full service restaurant.  OK. So you place your order where you are faced with a somewhat insulting sign that states credit cards are destroying small businesses. As a small business owner myself, accepting credit cards is part of the cost of doing business. Then to use a credit card to pay for your food, you are then charged a RIDICULOUSLY high fee of $1.00 by the cashier.  Look I don't know everything there is to know about credit card processing fees but even when I was selling high-risk services I never paid more than a $0.35 transaction fee + 3%. So for a $6 meal of two tacos, worst case, Guedo's is paying $0.53. But, unless they are really business-stupid, and they are actually paying these high fees for a low-risk business like food service. They are significantly gouging their customers who want to pay with a credit card. Then, to add insult to injury, the credit card slip has a place to add a tip.  A tip? For what? Taking my order, that you're not even going to deliver to my table? So, we place our order and find a seat. The restaurant is dark and while there seems to have at some point been an effort at making the place seem festive, with a Taco Beach kind of theme, now the darkness seems to be intentionally aimed at hiding how run-down the place feels. A large open floor space area near the kitchen in the front of the house has a bunch of stuff stored on the floor out in the open. It just looks like they have completely given up. All of that could have been overlooked, though, if the food had been worth it. I ordered two tacos, which they charge $3 each for. My date's burrito was about $7. Now, these prices would not be too bad if there was some semblance of quantity.  My $3 tacos were the size of street-vendor tacos. Two small tortillas with some meat added.  That's it. Honestly, you can get these for $1 to $1.50 anywhere else and there would be way more meat between the sheets.  It was pitiful looking down at these two little tacos not even half-filled.   My date's $7 dollar burrito was the size of something you get at Del Taco for less than half the price. A plain tortilla wrapped around (again) a minimal amount of meat, beans, sauce, etc.  The flavor of the food was good but not nearly good enough to justify these prices.This was such a disappointing lack of food, that after eating everything we received, we ended up heading next door to the fast-food burger joint to get some food to fill us up.  How sad is that?This place came highly recommended to us, and while I agree the food is tasty, I have no plans to return.  And based on how few customers were there, I suspect others have come to the same conclusion.
1	How  is this place is still in business?    Very casual ,,,,,,  as in order food at counter and wait for your name to be called....   and  wait......... and  wait...... and  wait    and  wait.45 minutes later.... BINGO  thats out order.     .......the celebration didnt last long as  they got it wrong.....  granted it was a complex order of one fish tsco and one veggie barrito.....  The most disorganized restaurant  I have ever been to...   I  should mention the food I guess..... Honestly, Taco bell is far better.... This place gives Mexico a bad name.Bill   W.    (chandler)
4	I have been going to this restaurant for 15 years and love the authentic Mexican taco taste. My go-to is a tortilla with butter and a pork/beef mix quesadilla. The pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo. No rice and beans included and they do charge for using a card so bring cash. Salsa bar included!
2	Loved the fish tacos!  But wow, what happened to this place over the past twenty years since I first started eating there?  I know the KFC/Chandler city battle years ago took its toll due to politics and winning and keeping the location... but come on -- update the place please or at least clean things!  20-year old decor isn't acceptable given horrific chairs, tables and more.  Also wtf is there a BBQ guy outside in the entry area doing with his food and aromas?  I don't get it.  The BBQ smells didn't mix with the fish tacos or beer that we had ordered.  Memories are great but apparently they are better than what exists today. No mas.
3	The food is excellent.  Great mexico beach atmosphere, food is on the higher price side though.  I met the owner, good guy.
5	If your looking for Authentic Mexican Food, Guedos is the place to go. I had tacos and a bean and cheese burrito,mywife had fish tacos and my grand daughters had shrimp taco and a cheese quesadilla.
5	This place has a very low key feel to it.  The bar is outside (which I loved) and the food is indoors. The only complaint I have is that we sat outside with menus in our hands for 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our order only to learn that you order inside and they will deliver the food to your bar stool. It would have been nice to get those instructions when we were handed the menus. Either way the atmosphere was excellent and the food was good.
1	We love the food but the owner makes us not never coming back long lecture about using our debit card and how it is killing his business he doesn't care if people don't eat there because they don't take debit cards these were his exact words well guess what guedo you got it we will not be returning and we will tell everybody the same. You are living off the reputation your father built and not the one you built you will close eventually. The place is run down filthy and needs someone to come in and make it into the restaurant it could be not guedo.
5	Food here is always tasty. Salsas are delicious too. There are pictures and clippings the history of the business all over the walls. Always interesting!!
1	The service was horrible the guy who owned the place told me as I ordered "if you like my place you better start bringing cash cuz were done with debit and credit cards???? What a way to approach the situation... have to say food was great!! But poorly organized and poor service
1	Awful....food was overrated and staff was rude. Owner/cook was a jerk, told my wife and I next time you come you should only bring cash???? Very unprofessional , I do not recommend this place.
3	Quick and easy... food matches the price.. Selection of items could be expanded on.. but its pretty much just a taco shop.. Meat was well seasoned... Would stop by again if i was passing by and had a craving..
1	Please do me and yourself a favor go somewhere else . You will be saving your time and money . First off worst customer service I have ever had and horrible over price Mexican food. I would rather go to taco bell then go eat at guedo's again and I come from a small town on the border of Mexico so I know how Mexican food should be .
2	Disappointing. Walked in around 2pm for a late lunch and drinks on a Saturday. No one was working the bar. The food was ok. Not great. I thought it was expensive too compared to other Mexican places in the area. And an extra $1.50 for using a credit card? Probably won't come back. And never got my drink.
5	This place is authentic and historic and the ambience is unbeatable. It feels like you are in Rocky Point. It's really old so if you want a brand new restaurant this isn't your place. If been eating there since the mid '90s. My food has always tasted great and I've had no issues with service.
2	I wish I could write a better review but can't.   Guedo,  the owner,  overcharges.   A lunch special gets costly. They change for cheese that is expected in tacos everywhere.  Guacamole extra but this can be expected.   My mom preferred two tacos but they still charge the the combo rate when she declines the rice and beans.   Plus they charge over $1 for debit and credit.   Finally,  they don't give you a receipt and I  did not feel like arguing so I just paid the excessive cost.   No wonder he hardly had customers and they closed down the other two shops.  Food was ok but I felt cheated and won't go again.
5	I stopped in for a couple of beers one evening with my brother. Guedo s is a pretty cool place. The patios are big and have a tropical theme. Nice tropical bar and good happy hour specials.  I hear they have really good steak tacos and will be checking them out in the next week. The owner was bar tending that evening and he was a nice fellow. This place is really close to downtown Chandler and would be a great place to bring a group of friends.
