4	The Palms - of MTV Real World fame - is pretty much the way they portrayed it - it's full of the young, drunk, and fabulous. It's probably one of the smaller hotels, so you won't run into the trade show/convention set here as much as you would in other properties. The rooms are pretty decent and they have 2 specialty suites - the aforementioned Real World suite left pretty much the way it was on the show - you can rent that for $5000/7500 per night depending on the weekend. And then the bachelor party suite complete with a stripper pole at the foot of a bed - I think that goes for about $2000/night. If you're a celebrity stalker, this is the place to be. Without fail, I always see someone famous here - usually in the Ghost Bar (located on the 50th+ floor giving it a killer view of the strip) or at Hart & Huntington's - the tattoo parlor which is the subject of a new A&E reality show.
4	Rain nightclub at the palms is a great place to dance and meet young beautiful people
5	Yes, the Palms was featured in the MTV's the Real World. They've come a long way since then. The Palms is the sexiest, youngest Casino in Las Vegas. Also, its right off the strip so you don't really have to deal with the strip traffic if you don't want to. Rain, is the most frequented and packed club in Las Vegas and the Ghost Bar has the most kick-butt view in the city. If you are under-30 and still think you are cool then come on down and get dirty.
4	Palm's has been a favorite for some time. The customer service is absolutely top-notch. One of the best spots to stay and to throw a suite party. Palm's has an array of suites of sizes and themes to cater to your special occasion (hint hint... Bachelors and Bachelorettes). Although I've been disppointed recently about their nightclub, Rain. The music is weak (my little sister can DJ better) and it's become more of a meat market than anything. And I'm referring to sausage.
5	The Palms is the bomb! I love this place, stayed here twice and have been completely satisfied both times. Also a great place for celebrity spying if that's what you're into. My sister got her hair done next to Tara Reid at Amp Salon and we saw her completely coked out of her head that night. Also saw, Paris, Nikki, Rivers from Weezer, Anthony Michael Hall and a few other celebs not really worth mentioning- ha.  The one thing that really takes the cake at the Palms are the BEDS! They are incredibly comfortable- getting out of them after an all night bender is almost impossible! Will definitely be back for more...
4	I was at The Palms for only a short time, while my cousin worked out at the gym there.  The food court is pretty nice.  I got myself a cup of Ben & Jerry's ice cream.  There was also a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf there, which had yummy-looking coffee, tea and desserts.  I perused the 2 gift shops I could find, neither of which had a disposable digital camera, which made me sort of disappointed.  One of them had expensive, trendy clothes (as if they need more of those around here!).  Then I went to the psychic, who's in a little nook near the stores (no real storefront, just beaded curtains).  I had time to kill and lots of unanswered questions, and it was only $30 for a reading.  She was very good.  I can't say I necessarily believe psychic readings, but the whole process put my mind more at ease, and she was very no-nonsense and seemed to be a very kind person.  Good stuff.
4	For all the glitz and glamour of the Palms, maybe it's just me, but I didn't really get a sense that it was all that from the gambling floor. Cause the floor is just the floor. We all know the goods are upstairs in the rooms or at the bars, right?Good for the younger Vegas patron because we all know who the Palms was made for. Not for the faint of heart, but definitely those that are in it to win it late night until the dawn comes. You'll probably see a celeb or two while you're here, just don't be an ass and holla like a rookie at 'em. I hate it when they do that to me. Ha. Joke, joke.
4	I have to say, I think this was the perfect place for me and my other 10 girlfriends to stay in Vegas.  They get minus one star for having completely screwed up our reservation when we got there.  But then they get one back for having completely made up for it and treated us sort of VIP afterward.  Scott the manager is amazing and we love him.  Ok, well I gotta break this down:Casino:  Pretty cool.  I played blackjack from about 5 am. --- 8 a.m. and only got 2 drinks.  They need more cocktail waitresses at these wee hours of the morning I tell ya.  Nevertheless, the dealers were all pretty cool.  They let me sit at the table even when I wasn't playing.  They let my friend and I switch off playing hands sometimes too because how else do you play blackjack for 3 hours at a $10 minimum table with only $70.  They let me cut the deck too, which by the way is really fun.  And each time I said, "CUT IT DEEP!"  I didn't play any slots.  Slots are for pussies.Playboy Club:  This is probably a separate review, but whatever.  This place kicked ass.  I love when you can just march up to the front, tell them you want to go in and not pay, and they let you.  It's amazing!  This place overlooks the strip from the Palms hotel, has several bars, a fireplace, lots of poker tables, and Roulette which we played.  All the dealers are dressed like luscious playboy bunnies.  Fantastic decor---I loved the bathroom with playboy pin-ups all over the wall.  I highly recommend this place.  There is no dancing, but if you happen to find a bunch of dudes who have a table at Moon Nightclub up above the Playboy Club, GO!Moon Nightclub:  Since we were there pretty early, it wasn't packed, which was actually pretty cool.  More room for dancing, plus free drinks from dudes from DC.  This club is at the top of the new Fantasy Tower at the Palms and has a retractable ceiling.  Great dance music and really cool floor set up with a large dance floor in the middle and tables all around.  Not one of the top clubs in Vegas, but I'm sure it will be soon.  I thought this place was really fun.Pool:  Apparently they just redid this and it's way better.  They have really cool chairs---ones that go in the water, one's to lay on that have pillows, even big beds, and cabanas.  Cabana girls walk around and take your drink and food order.  I ordered a Bloody Mary that never came, so minus one star for that chick.  They have a couple pools with loud music played by a DJ, a large hot tub that was too crowded for me to go in, and a cool waterfall.  Overall, impressed, but not as cool as Mandalay Bay's pool.Hotel Suites:  F-ing awesome!  Flat screens everywhere, even the bathroom.  We fit comfortably 10 girls in a salon suite.  Comfy robes and fabulous towels.  The rooms were just really comfortable and pretty spacious.Food:  There is a food court with McDonald's, sub sandwiches, pizza, Panda Express and other stuff over near the movie theater.  We also ate at the 24/7 Cafe which is open all night long.  Saw George Maloof there.  Great food and cheap eats.Nove:  This is a nice restaurant that where we ate at the top of the Fantasy Tower of the Palms.  It is right below the Playboy club.  The restaurant I think is not really worth the money.  I had chicken parmigana which was basically just 2 chicken breasts and sauce for $24.  We also got a not-so-fabulous bottle of Pinot Noir for like $75.  Let me tell you, Italian wines don't even begin to compare to California wines, but it was an Italian place, so they had mostly the Italian ones.  My food was pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  We did see a few C list famous people there.  We also had some drunk guys come up to us from Pennsylvania and try and say how much they loved us.  It was quite ridiculous.  I was ready to get them thrown out.  And some of the waiters were tools, but some were really nice and really hot.  I have mixed feelings about this place, but overall it was a nice restaurant with really cool fancy chandeliers that changed color over time.Ok, I'm sick of writing this review.  Just go, you'll like it.  How could you NOT mark this review as useful?
3	The rooms are on the smaller side and so is the casino. The food options aren't what you expect for a casino. But who goes here for that? You go here to see or be seen. And I've never seen so many people act like they're on the catwalk looping a casino!
4	I went to a party in a celebrity suite here and it was awesome!  The room was beautifull and where else can you find a shower with a stripper pole and a shower door that allows you to display all your...ummm...talents.  Two way fireplace and lush bedrooms and bathrooms along with a HUGE living room and bar are AWESOME!  I highly recommend staying here.  Or just get yourself invited to a party in someone's room!
5	Agree w/Andrea O - this is an amazing space. Let this be a cautionary tale, if you decide to jump into the pool, definitely dry off after you get out. Otherwise, you might find yourself slipping on the puddles you create on the tile floor. Which can be extremely hazardous, especially if you're wearing 4 inch wedges.
2	Ugh. Where do I begin? First of all, I had to stay in Vegas for FIVE days (criminal, I know) for work at a certain hellish tradeshow not to be named. The only reason my employer even put us up at a hotel as nice as the Palms is because the Stardust had been recently shut down. I haven't decided yet if that was a good or bad thing. The Palms is so far removed from everything, yet it's a "hip" place to be, so it's hard to drag yourself away after a tiring work day. The Stardust, on the other hand, is also kinda far from the good part of the strip, yet it's so shitty, you make yourself leave.First, the good. Maybe The Palms deserves 2.5 stars, but I'm going low ball here to bring it down a notch in the overall ratings. I stayed in the Fantasy Tower (which is the newer one), which had the most amazingly fluffy king-sized bed with like 17 giant cushy pillows on it. Awesome. There was also a couch, a flat screen TV, and a jacuzzi tub. The TV, however, was shitty--three channels were fuzzy or had sound cut-outs, and there weren't many channels to begin with. And the remote had a 5 second delay (not kidding). OK, OK, I know what you're thinking: So! Who watches TV in Vegas?!?!? Try going for FIVE days, and then get back to me.Onto the bathroom. Quite nice with marble floors, counter, etc and spa tub (ahhhh!). But who was the architect, I want to know? The faucet was so close to the back of the sink that I couldn't wash my hands--let alone my face--without water pouring over the back edge of the sink. And there was limited counter space, so this equated to all my toiletries getting soaked. Also, the towel rack was under the sink--that's fine, but isn't it a bit handier to have your face towel hanging next to or above the sink?OK, so the rooms are NICE. Questionably designed, yes...but nice to be sure. Onto the food. There's a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, which should immediately tip you off as to who this hotel is made for. The "food court" area also has a McD's, Ben & Jerry's, and a pizza place and sub shop. This is also where the movie theater is (a nice touch). The 24/7 cafe SUCKED...I had a grilled cheese sandwich there that was hardly edible. How can you screw that up? The Denny's on the strip makes one that is to die for. And it's a DENNY'S for chrissake. The mexican place was sub-par, and the asian fusion place (Lil Buda) had good sushi, but the chinese takes were pretty gross overall. Nove, the Italian place, seems overpriced--we tried to go, but there was an hour and a half wait. Probably the food was decent, though.The casino itself is small, which I rather prefer (it's nice not to get lost every time you try to get back to your room, ya know?), and it has a smattering of bars--a center bar that is somewhat reminiscent of the Hard Rock, a "upscale" lounge bar with cushy seats, and another bar along one wall. Then there's the clubs. I've been to Rain a few times before, but it was always for private parties, so I really enjoyed it (free booze...what's not to love?). I've heard from nearly everyone, however, that it's a total sausage fest most of the time. And it kept closing early while I was staying there. (Like, before California bars, and that's saying something.) Haven't been to the playboy club, but it sounds nice. Oops, sorry for rambling on, but I hope some of you at least find this useful. The Palms is aimed at happenin' chicks around my age, but it just didn't do it for me. Perhaps I expected too much? Ah, well...Next time, you'll find me hanging out at the Hard Rock, a casino that really pulls it off.
4	Stayed at the Palms during one of the coldest weeks of the year.  Note -- i'm not a frequent vegas guy.Checkin Thursday night -- no prob.  Got rooms cheap cheap cheap online, thus we're in the 'older' section on the 5th floor, no view.  4 nights, $217 total.  We played cards at the Limit room.  It was a 'cards' weekend, so we wanted to get primed for the big event on Friday.  Crashed at 3am.The room had two queen beds.  But...the mattress was pretty old...quite a bit dented next to the night stand table (where most human asses hit the bed prior to sleeping).  So that was weird.Bathroom was pretty cool.  Nice marble throughout.  Large sink, etc.  Two big thumbs up, I guess (relative to the bed).  We were in a cheap room...but I am curious when the hotel issues soft towels.  We ate at the 24 cafe twice (6 people, 18 people).  Diner styled food...no worries.  Ok for large groups.  Also ate at Nome -- an italian restaurant, located below the Playboy club.  Fun environment, good music, large waiting area bar, with fab views of the strip.  Food is ok...they really push the pasta.   We saw Justin Timberlake with his possy.  Went to the Playboy and Moon.  Was a total sausage fest.  Honestly, thought it was a dude weekend at the Palms.  Wait --- there were a few women for hire...does this count?We played cards at the Mirage, Bellagio and Treasure Island.  So, besides late night clubbing and sleeping the Palms didn't do much for us.But it was cheap.
4	I think you need to consider the target audience for the Palms in order to truly appreciate it.  To give you an idea, let me explain my view of the archetypal Vegas casinos:  =  Bellagio is catering to the 50+ crowd with the classic styling and the reserved elegance  =  Venetian is great for those in their 40s looking for a lot of variety, or those with families  =  Wynn is luxurious yet modern, perfect for those in their 30s  =  Palms is all marketing hype and youthful abandon, designed to appeal to those in their 20s (or those who think they are still in their 20s)If you agree with the above, then you'll agree that the Palms does a great job of filling a very important role in the Vegas casino cornucopia.There are bright colors and lots of action.  It's fairly small (the casino is tiny compared to the mega-resorts), but the new Fantasy Tower almost doubles capacity while adding a new level of excitement.The rooms in the Fantasy Tower are all brand new, and they've been designed with the metro crowd in mind - very modern, lots of dark woods (think W Hotel or THEhotel).  But the real reason to consider the Palms are the new clubs - Moon and the Playboy Club.The new Playboy Club is an attempt to take away from the prime targets of THEhotel and the Wynn - young (but not too young) professionals.  The table games in the Playboy Club start at $50 a hand, so you aren't going to get your typical frat boy or sorority sister spilling their Bud Light on you.  The dealers are even more attractive than their profiles on the website, and it's a very dark room, giving it a distinct feel from normal casinos.  There's a $20 cover ($40 on weekends), so it's fairly steep if you don't have a host.  But the Playboy Club is connected to Moon, so you really get 2 clubs for the price of 1.PROS:- Great rooms for the price (the Palms is usually cheaper than hotels on the Strip)- It's on Flamingo Rd, so it's off the Strip and has extremely easy freeway access (perfect for the LA crowd or people with rentals)- Table games generally have lower limits - it's not unusual to find $10 tables even on weekendsCONS:- It's not walkable to any other resort, so you need a car or time to take cabs- Although there isn't a conference center in the hotel, the Palms is often sold out - big games, holidays, etc.BEST OF DREW - Vegas-Style!- Best place to stay if price is no object: Four Seasons- Best place to stay for a bachelor party: Palms- Best place to stay for a bachelorette party: Venetian- Best pool area: Mandalay Bay- Best place for a couples getaway: THEhotel at Mandalay Bay
4	Rooms are comfortable, modern and clean... Pool scene is every-licious... Staff very friendly and cater to the young crowd kind of hotel...This is where I had the best casino experience- it started with a coin slot one time quarter drop... and whoohoo I win 40 bucks...My friend a Roulette afficionado and I went on a red or black pick and well one after the other- " I " was calling the shots...the Lucky bug was gnawing on my neck...  by the 10th RIGHT choice- people were wondering if I had ESP... People this is why the dealers tell you to bet higher if you're stringing wins... ITS TRUE!!!
2	I think it's time for a reality check here: the Palms sucks, and the Real World season everyone references when they're talking about the hotel aired about 5 years ago.Why should you avoid the Palms?  Here are some reasons:1.) The crowd - Um, it's not where "beautiful people" congregate in Las Vegas.  That distinction goes either to the Hard Rock or the Bellagio.  In fact, the majority of the gambling dollars at the Palms come from Las Vegas locals, and I don't mean the kind of LV locals who dance at Spearmint Rhino.  No, I'm talking about 70 year old retirees who have taken up second careers as slot jockeys.  At any given point before midnight, half the people in the Palms have grandchildren.  And the other half of the people aren't that great.2.) The food - I've seen some other people here point to the fact that the Palms has a food court as evidence of it's culinary accomplishments.  Um, it's freakin' Las Vegas.  You can do slightly better for a meal than McDonalds.  All the high end restaurants in the Palms are overpriced and overhyped.  N9ne?  Yeah, it's okay, but Fix in the Bellagio has better food and better looking people.  Guaradino's is a poor man's version (in food quality, not prices) of Diego in MGM Grand.  And Nove?  If you really want Italian, try Wynn - they have some much better places there.3.) The nightlife - I'm sure Rain and Ghostbar were great when Trishelle and the rest of the Real World crew hung out there.  Unfortunately, time rarely stands still, which goes double in clubland and triple in Vegas.  In past five or so years, places like Tao, Pure and Jet have opened.  So who goes to Rain and Ghostbar today?  21 year old guys who wear sleeveless t-shirts.  And lots of them.  I know this because I once had a job reviewing nightclubs in Las Vegas, and I remember walking into Rain and thinking I'd accidentally ended up on the Jersey Shore.  Um, not that there's anything wrong with that.  Sadly, the new places in tower 2 (Moon, The Playboy Club) aren't special.4.) The hotel - Not to sound like a design snob, but the Palms just feels cheap compared to all the Strip places.  The wooden flooring was an idea that seemed great on a designer's computer, but in real life just gets destroyed from all the foot traffic.  The casino chips feel cheap compared to what's used elsewhere in the city.  And the music is much better at the Hard Rock.In short, skip the Palms and head for the Hard Rock or the Bellagio.
3	Thinking about staying at the Palms?  Keep thinking.  Here you'll find decent night life, but not much else.  Ghost Bar offers stunning views of the city and a clean white interior.  The DJ spins rap, but even if you're not into the music you'll love the outdoor rooftop scene.  This place is beautiful.  A must for anyone in Vegas.Rain is one of the wildest dance parties I've ever been to.  I'm talking thousands of people sweating it out in the dark on multiple levels and stages with lights flashing and flame throwers blasting overhead.  You read that right, maybe eight flame throwers spitting huge flames right over your head.  Though I can't imagine what this place would be like without having a private, wood-paneled, leather sofa'd, balconied VIP room to retreat to.As the Palms is a cab ride away from the strip, one can't help but feel isolated from the rest of Vegas.  My advice?  Stay somewhere on the strip and make the Palms a nightime destination.**** UPDATE 13 SEPT 07I just flashed-back to the Palms' idyllic pool scene during Playboy's 50th anniversary party a few years back.  We had the private poolside bungalow next to Hugh Hefner's, and I made Dateline NBC with my thoughts on the Hef.  Thanks TiVo!
5	I think this is the best run casino of the casinos I  went to. It does help sorry to stereotype that most of the staff speaks english. I had intended to go the palms for the night life, but the line was crazy.  So, let's see, I can wait in line with a bunch of guys or gamble? I didnt see one women in line, and I was thinking they must be in the club already. So, I choose to head back to the tables. I came to a realization later in the week after 30 hours of gambling in 3 days, I like to gamble more than try to meet women. (The exception is in brasil, I like going out to meet women. )Later, I came back to the table after a nice win of $200 or so and decided to go the club. I noticed the line was much shorter only to notice after waiting in the womans line as the only guy, the line was segmented by women and men. No wonder the first time in line there were no women.  The next night I learned going out to las vegas is like getting into a club in ny city, you better have a good strategy or contacts. The Maloof Family pays attention to every single detail, they own the sacramento kings too. I can see why these outstanding business men are so successful. I admire their operation and hope to meet them one day.
2	Stay here if you like:* Homogenized, cookie cutter people.* Fake body parts:  Chins, breasts, hair* Reruns of MTVs The Grind.* SPRING BREAK, WHOO!* Frat parties.* Paying too much just so you could say you've been there.* Nice enough rooms, but, again, far too expensive.* Roofies.  Ecstacy.  GBH.  Other horrible mind altering substances.* Lack of conversation.* Groping and/or being groped.* Top 40 music.* Camera crews shooting for made-for-cable shows and gettin' all in your way.I kinda have a lot of disdain for this place, the type of people who flock here, and the amount of money they charge to be surrounded by these people.  The theatres are OK as is the margarita brunch.  The rest of it could fall off the world and I wouldn't care.
4	This casino was the most fun of all the ones I stopped by in LV. My friend gambled away like $30 when she was blackout drunk, but I stuck with dancing into the wee small hours of the morning at all 4, yes, ALL four, clubs at the Palms: Rain, Ghostbar (awesome views of the Strip and the most intimate of the clubs), back to Rain (VIP baby, the only way to go), Playboy Club (cute bunnies hopping around serving drinks) and Moon (don't recall much about Moon as I was too many Grey Goose cranberries into the night).
3	Dear Pool at The Palms,This is only a brief inquiry. Where am I? A Ludicris video?Where the NFL goes to get their 1st draft harem pick?Because never in my life have I seen so many girls in love with their own snatch patch. See you again in 2 weeks. xoxoxox-Mary F.
4	Did not stay here but I have to comment on the excellent customer serivce. Had to go to Moon and the Playboy Club for an event. I leave my license at the hotel. THEY WILL NOT LET YOU IN WITHOUT A FORM OF ID. SO after batting my eyelashes did not work I asked to speak to the General Manager. He came over smiled at me and said "let her in now". SO NICE!. The bar itself has strong drinks and a beautiful view! It is similar to Ghost Bar but a little bigger. Is it my first choice? no, however, they have the best GM in Las Vegas;) GO FOR THE VIEW ALONE AND THE PLAYBOY CLUB IS AMAZING!!!
5	Dear Maloof brothers,Thank you for making a place for so many young singles and hip-party animals!This is my favorite when I go with the guys! When I go with the girlfriend, I prefer somewhere calmer.. and I make the Palms a nightclub destination.But the rooms in the new building are AWESOME, the view is great, clean, safe, awesome showers!You know how most casinos are themed? Like the Paris is french themed of course, well....THE PALMS IS OFFICIALY THE YOUNG-SINGLE-HIP-PARTY-ANIMAL CASINO, that's the theme.
4	If you're lucky enough to be invited to a party inside the G Suite, do NOT hesitate to go. Working in the internet industry has it's perks... private parties and open bars are just some of them.The G Suite is situated on the 26th floor of the Palms hotel. It's quite simply amazing. You take an express elevator up and when you exit make your way to the right and you'll have two suites (the G suite and the Hot Pink suite). I personally was not as impressed with the Hot Pink suite, so let me elaborate further on the G suite. You walk and the first thing you see is a bar. Just across the bar is a see through shower complete with stripper pole in it. In the corner are some metal chain chairs, not the most comfortable but it will definitely give you a great view Las Vegas. Peruse further down, you'll find a pool table and a huge dining table. The room overall was pretty spacious so you can expect to have plenty of dancing room as well as sitting room. On the site, it lists a capacity of 100. I'm guessing there was at least 250 people there!Update: So I just heard that this so-called uncomfortable chair we were sitting in last night was host to Jessica Alba two weeks prior (VMA's weekend) where she was super making out with someone other than Cash Warren. True, I dunno? But that's the word...
2	Quite possibly the worst buffet food I've ever had in Vegas. I'm still wondering what that hunk of meat was that was masquerading as roast beef. Luckily the guys working in the pits made the experience a little more enjoyable. And yes, the bunny ears too ...
4	Quite possibly the most fun I've had in my entire life.  Ghost bar, Playboy Club, and Rain were fun..and I guess I had fun at Moon, as well..but apparently my ass kept getting grabbed--so maybe it's a little creepy.  I also wish they would have made me get down from the counter area where I was dancing, because I'm pretty sure I made a huge ass of myself..or just showed it to everyone.  Had fun at all of them..especially at the Playboy Club!  Played a lot of black jack... dealers were nice, personable, and even helped me out a bit.  Too bad by the end of the night I was blacked out and don't even remember what I did with my chips.  24/7 is disgusting, do NOT eat there.  I can't comment on the buffet, as I was too hungover to actually eat.  I went to Little Buddha, which is a Japanese AND Chinese restaurant..  saw some famous poker players there?  My roll was icky, but I should have read the description better (which told me it was wrapped in cucumber--which was why it was icky for me).  Chuka salad was delish, and the sushi pieces were some of the best I've ever had.  The server gave me a hard time about charging the bill to my room, which was annoying.  (It was in my brother's name)  Wai Mei is my brother's host, and she was more than helpful for my entire visit (got me on the list for all of the clubs).  The room was delightful.. 2 queen beds (which was good b/c there were 3 girls), I melted into the sheets like butter on a hot pan, and the bathroom was more than accomodating for all 3 of us (and me on Sunday morning when I was hungover as hell).  The pool is gorgeous.. however, it was cold, so I didn't really get to enjoy it.  I just laid out there and fell asleep.
5	The Palms is my happy place.  I first went there on my second trip to Vegas, after my BFF Brookeli won a trip to Vegas on Wheel of Fortune!  No shit, and she took me with her.  When I'm in my athletic conditioning class at the gym, and the trainer makes us hold plank position for 2 and a half minutes, she tells us to go to our happy place.  I take myself to the Palms pool, add a bucket of Coronas, surround myself with girlfriends and a bunch of other beautiful people, a blow up doll named Guido, and the hot Vegas sun.  During our 5 nights and 6 days on Pat Sajak's dime (5 nights in Vegas CAN and should be done), we danced on stage with Too Short, had Jamie Foxx feed us champagne, never had to wait to get into Ghost Bar, saw the Dan Band perform at Marco's birthday party (still not sure who he is but it was a sweet party), got comped for Little Buddha by playing blackjack for 9 straight hours, and nearly got tattoos at Hart and Huntington reading "Snake" and "Weasel."  Who does that??God bless Wheel of Fortune and Brookeli for introducing me to the Palms and paying for 5 nights of happiness.  I hate to stay anywhere else in Vegas.
3	the palms is too cheesy to be sophisticated and too old to be modern.tre disappointed
3	My wife and I stayed here because Bjork was playing at the Pearl, which is the venue inside the hotel casino.  The review actually breaks down four stars for the hotel, two for the casino.  I'm not sure why, but we got a suite instead of a regular room- two rooms, one and a half bath, great view of the "fantasy tower" out one side and the strip out the other.  I mean, honestly, we were flabbergasted at the size of the room.  Two stars for the casino- tiny, unremarkable, almost seemed besides the point.Might be considered sophisticated if you had stepped out of a time machine from 1988 or if you are from the mid west/rural south.  Anyone who has hung out in Los Angeles/SF/Seattle/Portland/New York/Boston/DC/Atlanta/Miami in the last ten years won't be impressed by any facet of the Palms experience.  Honestly, I was expecting more based on the press coverage, but I guess you have to get into the fantasy tower or be very easily impressed to get that experience.
4	i would give this hotel/casino one star based on the comment from the front desk girl checking us in when I asked who was opening for bjork, you know, the name outside in huge letters on the marquee, and the girl said, i kid you not, "I don't know who bjork is."  sigh.  really?  i mean, really?  but the hotel redeemed itself by bumping us up to a suite without saying anything to us - that was classy - we had two bathrooms, two rooms the size of our house with a view of the strip and the "fantasy tower"I was personally expecting more douchbags and fake tits than I saw - there were a lot of lame people but not enough to make it that amusing for me - a lot of people wearing their sunglasses in the casino.  we considered going to "Rain" the club for a laugh since you get in for free or something when you're a guest of the hotel but I don't stand in lines for clubs and there were two or three lines going for Rain when we walked past after the Bjork show.  the casino iitself was LAME - I would recommend going across the street to Gold Coast where I won $150!  woo
2	Not very impressed.  I was expecting something, anything. There are other casino's out there that beat this place hands down.Their poker room is ridiculous. It's way too small and I think they only offer 1-2NL and I'm not sure with the Limit tables were offering. I played and I won't play there again, unless I have to.The server was a little slow coming around for drinks, which bothers me, but hey.I wouldn't stay here. I don't even think I'd hit the club. The only thing I'd come here for is the IMAX theater and to see a show at The Pearl.
5	This was the only Hotel/Casino in Vegas where I really can not remember much of anything when I stayed the night.  I went to some club at the top and gambled a little in the casino.  The whole 18 hours here I was so messed up I could barely talk (that is a good thing!).  Of what I can remember, I had a great time.  I need more nights like this!
5	Dance party elevators! That is what I remember the most about the Palms. Well wait ...there was also my run in w/ Mark Cuban in the lobby AND  gift shop (btw he reads GQ), oh.... and then there was the party till the early AM at the Hefner Sky Villa Suite (Sweet!), I can't forget getting upgraded to a Suite in the Palms tower due to non-smoking room availibility, oh and not to mention, the so close,  but no-cigar, sighting of Michael Jackson who was staying in the suite next door to my colleague (confirmed by a bodyguard), oh and how thankful was I of the on-site Coffee Bean, thank thee for coffee!Many memories = Overall good times
3	I admit I had to check out this place after seeing it on TV so many tomes. Let's just say that George Maloof did a very good job of associating himself w/ celebrities and TV shows because other than that the casino isn't very special.It doesn't have any big shows like the other casinos on the Strip, apparently no good food (from what I read from other reviews), and when it's cold the pool is closed. What else is there to do except gamble and party at night at the clubs? I guess this is a good place for college frat boys to ogle hot women, but that's about it. And yes the place is small and off the strip.
4	I did not gamble here.I did not eat at a buffet here.I did not shop here.But I did eat at N9NE, which was great and in a separate review, and I did attend a party at the Sky Villa and was very impressed with the place.It was a 9000+ sqft penthouse with amazing views of the city. The freaking shower had an amazing view.  The giant sunken tub fit two people comfortably and was surrounded by heavy ball chain that turned out to be a rather nifty effect.In another bathroom, the faucet to the bathtub was an obscure hole in the ceiling, it was totally weird.The main bedroom had a rotating circular bed. Somewhere out there is a photo of a six person spoon on the bed and I'm one of them.There was a sauna upstairs, and a huge ass jacuzzi out on the balcony.The tv room had three large flat screens.The party had three bars. Standard drinks bar, sushi bar, and cheesecake dessert bar.  Finally, a grand piano in the center room, elevated above a sunken pond with a wall of cascading water nearby. The host of the party played the piano and we could croon along as we saw fit.The room apparently rents for $40,000/night, but rumor has it the party acquired the space for half price, a mere $20K. Day-um.Too bad my camera is broken.
3	I drank alcohol here.A guy with blonde highlights winked at me.  On the soulless Vegas-o-meter, it was about a 4.  At least my brother and I had countless opportunities to quote esoteric lines from Fear and Loathing, much to the confusion of most of our group.  Look, there's two women fucking a polar bear!Don't tell me these things. Not now, man.
5	The NEW Palms Place:ABSOLUTELY one of the best hotel rooms i have ever stayed in. we got a Studio room it was sooo nice. we had a wonderful view of the strip and of the rest of the palms on the 32nd floor. we also ran into Carlton Banks [Alfonso Ribeiro from Fresh Prince] in the elevator haha. the bathroom was soo nice. the room had 2 flat screens right next to eachother.Palms Tower:an average room. just like every other plain hotel room.Palms Pool:the nicest pool area ive been too. and if you want a chair in the sun they're more than happy to bring out some chairs for you to lay on out by the sun.Overall Palms is the place to stay at when in Vegas.
3	Normally when I come to Vegas I stay at the Venetian but from time to time I decide to give other hotels a try.  My experience at the Palms had it's peaks and valleys.  I went during march madness and surprisingly found a really cheap price on their website.  It was even cheaper then vegas.com and other sites like that.  Less then 24 hours after booking the room, the Palms called back and offered a lower rate for the room.  When we got there and checked in, we asked the concierge if we could be put on the guest list for any of their clubs for that night but all they gave us were front on the line passes.  Which I thought was weird because don't you get a front of the line pass anyway.  Anywho, when we went up to the room it wasn't at all like the pictures online.  It was to small and cramped plus the lighting was horrible to do your make-up.  It was too dim, maybe they were trying to set the mood (i don't know).  The clubs at the palms are always fun and good to people watch.  The cool thing is that there is a late night cafe for the after the club drunken munchies which had good breakfast plates.  But I'm a little bias to breakfast foods because I LOVE BREAKFAST!!!  I didn't get to check out the pool because it was super windy outside.  All in all if I do decide to come to the Palms again I would definitely book a suite.
1	Do you love MTVs "The Hills"?  Do you wish LC and the gang were you're friends?  Then hang at the Palms.  This is your scene.  Otherwise, stay away!  The only saving grace for The Palms is the concert venue The Pearl.  Not a bad seat in the house, great sound, comfortable, great bartenders, etc.  My advice is get in and get out.
4	Not a Vegas snob. Could care less where I stay. As long as there is booze, gambling and a place for me to fall over nearby I am set. Palms had all those. Awesome! Suite room we stayed in was nice. Not one to take time to admire hotel rooms, since the ones we had inhabited up to this point either had Comfort or an 8 in the name. Palms was a well needed upgrade. Hotel staff helped us out in finding a local bike shop and even went to the trouble of transporting the bikes there for us, as we kindly spent our money in the hotel. While everyone hit the tables. Promptly hit the pool, booze and chaise lounge and tried to even out the farmers tan that had nicely formed from a week of riding. While the water lacked any outstanding qualities, the surrounding talent was phenomenal. Nightlife was of course Vegas, and you are on the do not need to know list.
4	This is my new favorite spot to game and hang.
5	Stayed an extra night in Vegas and we decided to book a room at the Fantasy Tower. Not only does the room have a great view but the amenities are fantastic! It came with bath products (aveda, shaving gel, razor, toothpaste, lotion, shampoo, etc.), a jacuzzi tub, and a mini bar. We used the jacuzzi to its fullest. It was so relaxing to soak in the tub after a night of partying. They also offered free guest passes to the bars and clubs. So, we checked out Ghostbar without a cover charge. The view was so pretty and the weather was great.
5	This hotel is one of my favorites in Vegas.  I used to live a few miles from it, so my roommate and I would come here when we wanted to play blackjack or another table game.  The dealers are all pretty cool (shout out to my boy Ricky) and the waitresses are all pretty hot.  I've been to most of their restaurants and they're pretty solid, and their clubs are great too.  And now that they have The Pearl for concerts, they've pretty much got it all.
5	i stayed here last year for the convention viva las vegas, i had a great time hanging by the pool and drinkin in the casino. i must say our hotel room was very nice, i really appreciated the comfortable bed and nice down blanket. im used to yucky hotel blankets that you dont want to touch, so this was a nice change. the hotel staff were great and very tolerant of the drunk ladies i was with, im sure they are used to it. but all and all i would stay here again, it was nice and not too over priced. i will never stay with 6 girls in a room again though!!
2	I like that the Palms provides an alternative to the MGM/Harrah's cloned giants on the Strip.  The sports book has the best odds on the strip especially for the NFL.But I don't like how the casino seems not to have changed at all since it opened in the 90s.  It doesn't help that I always feel like I'm wading through a sea of airborne Herpes particles every time I walk into the place - the cocktail waitresses, the bartenders, the dealers, the Playboy girls, even the bouncers and especially the liberal sprinkling of skanky ho's all look like they're just recovering from a rough outbreak.  I think Abreva sponsors the place.Too much Howard Stern, not enough Flight of the Conchords.
4	Wonder where I have been the past week or two? A week in Monterey for work followed up by a weekend of utter debauchery in Vegas.....Our group of a few close friends (30 or so) got a great deal on rooms at the Palms. Since we could not check in early (my bad) we started our party out at Bare at Mirage. Eventually we made our way back to The Palms and checked in. Nice clean room, super comfy bed and nice Aveda products. (note we were in the older tower)Our friend was upgraded to a corner suite, nice big room with a pool and strip view. When he decided to stay one extra night they seriously hooked him up and gave him his suite cheaper than our room - damn he is a swindler. Aside from the whole off the strip thing, I enjoyed staying here. I like the pool and the bar in the center - always is nice to get some shade! The food at the pool was also great - I suggest the Garbage salad - un real!Service was great and the employees were very nice......Ghostbar is just that, Ghost-town. Maybe it gets packed on other nights however what is cool is you can actually sit outside on the patio and not have to get bottle service. Playboy Club and Moon were great, go on Sundays - it goes off!Oh and if you lose your bag or all of your clothes - or maybe just the shirt off of your back - you can get everything you need at the three shops in the Palms - seriously I found some Michael Stars, Sky and HoneyDew goodies - not to mention smokin hot lingerie in the Playboy store. Next time tho - you might find me staying at the Palms Place - it looks beautiful!
4	Night one:  room in the Palm Tower....free mags, nice comfy bed, woke up to loud ass pool party with DJ Scribble (thought this dudes career had croaked by now), nice shitter, free toothpaste and they let me stay waaaaaay past check out time so I could finish my whiskey from the night before and watch Tim the tool man Taylor.Night two:  stayed in the Sky Villa in the Fantasy Tower....hot tub, view of Vegas, rotating bed, Rock Band on the flat screen, 20k a night, nice shitter, awesome shower, 20k a night that I did not spend but felt like one of the Girls Next Door sleeping in that rotating bed...took it for a spin in the morning.
5	Why 5 stars?After being up $100 in pai gow poker, I went down to being up only ~ $50I decide to move to another pai gow table and bet $100. I get top pair with a straight at the bottom, the dealer gets pai gow. After the rake and tipping the dealer I was up 140. I'm still angry that I didn't put anything down on the bonus though.
3	Okay, so we stayed here for my girlfriend's bachelorette weekend.  Playpen Suite:  So we stayed in the playpen suite which was equipped with two double beds, a murphy bed, and a stripper pole.  It was okay.  The ceiling was fairly low, but what made the experience a bit less to be desired - strobe lights weren't working, the sinks were backing up, the lighting in the living area was non-existent, they didn't provide a turn down service, the room doesn't even have a refrigerator, and it was overall NOT A COOL ROOM.  What good is the amenities, if they don't work and/or if you can't use them.  We complained about the problems and the first person that helped us, really didn't do anything.  After our 2nd and 3rd complaints, they finally moved us to the Penthouse Suite on the 55th floor below Ghostbar. Penthouse Suite:  This suite was nice.  Living area is huge, with good lighting, a nice sound system, and bar area.  We also had the connecting room, which had a really nice 2 bed set up with bathroom.  The bathroom in the suite was huge, it came with a whirlpool tub, a walk in closet and a huge sink area.  This was a good room.  Honestly, I probably wouldn't stay at the Palms the next time around.  There are just so many other nice hotels in Vegas that I'm sure would be more accommodating and service oriented.  Unfortunately i didn't feel that way during our stay here.
5	This is a great, sexy hotel... .What I liked the best? The beds... amazing, confortable, big, lots of pillows. The rooms are nice and cozy, the showers are great too. Amazing view on the strip, full bar... Yes it might be a little bit more expensive than other casinos but I love this Hotel. Great service and some of the hottest clubs in town... I ll stay at the Palms again !!!
3	Nice place... off the strip so it's not as crowded as most casinos. You can see a lot of locals at the night clubs, depends on your preference I guess. We stayed in the newer building and I was impressed with the rooms. Spacious, clean, modern. The sheets felt like they were made of paper... not very comfy. The pool area wasn't that nice. I liked it and it was a good value... but I don't think I would choose to stay here again.
4	I've only stayed here once, but I've been to numerous "party" rooms here and I do have to say that I've enjoyed them all.  If you're into the more hipster scene and don't need the stuffiness that some of the strip hotels offers, this is your place.  It's full of a younger crowd, there are 2 clubs, 2 cool lounges, great views, and I've always done well at the tables!The one time I have stayed here normally, was midweek, and for the first night I was immediately offered a room upgrade to a massive suite that had a 2 person jacuzzi tub with multi colored lights and wave controls, a wet bar, and full on home theater system.  While I was only able to spend one night here, and unfortunately alone, it was well worth it.  The second night, I was back to a normal room but it was still comfortable, with amenities aimed toward the party crowd (rohto menthol eyedrops anyone?).  Besides that, housing a movie theater and 24 hour mcdonalds in the lobby, the entertainment in Rain, GhostBar, Moon, and Playboy, as well as a nice casino and staff, I like visiting here and would stay here again.One day, I'll stay in those suites that have the pools ala the Girls Next Door...and I'll update my review then...
3	I rate hotels in Las Vegas different from most hotels because when I stay at a hotel in Las Vegas I gamble there, I eat there, I'll usually go to the nightclub or lounge there and possibly shop there.  I might go to other establishments for anything I mentioned above but it's nice if I don't have to.  I was excited when I saw a great rate on Tripres that also included perks..free entrance to the nightclub Rain.  I really wanted to stay at the Palms just from it's sheer reputation of luxury and decadence.     Well, the room was normal.  It was clean and nice but normal ... whaaah!   Hey, what's going on the TV doesn't work.  Nope, the TV works the remote doesn't.   I called housekeeping and waited.Called again and waited.   Apparently, somebody will be right up means 1.5 hours.  I went downstairs to play the slot machines.   I didn't think anyplace could be as bad as the MGM....wrong!   Money wasn't being exchanged and slowly lost, it was going one way and goingfast.  It's funny how quickly 150 bucks can go.  I tried to prolong it by playing on the quarters.  It did prolong it, only because I had more credits to lose.   I figured I'll just play later on when the machines get hot.  Well, I kept trying and trying and trying but it was the same story everytime.  Darn...I'm staying here 3 nights.  That evening I met up with my friends and we went to Rain ... correction...we went to the entrance where the sign said closed for remodeling.   That's okay.  I've been there twice before and didn't really care for it but I had free passes from the Tripres promotion and the girls wanted to go dancing.  We went to the checkout the Playboy Club/Moon but the line was sucha  long wait that  the girls suggested we checkout the Ghost Bar.  We had fun.  We went to the coffee shop after the club and the service was fast and the food was okay.    My friends were only up for the one night so the next night I checked out the Playboy Club/Moon.   I didn't like it (see my review) but that's good.  With so much nightlife at the Palms and myself not really loving any of those places I don't need to gamble here to get free or discounted rooms.   :)
3	I'd still rather stay at the Hard Rock, although this is probably the second most fun hotel in Vegas.That Mc Donalds in the food court, however, comes in so clutch for me every time.  Yea- I said it.  I love Mc Donalds.  You got a problem with that?Warning: the Palms room service is foul!  We sent back our entire order of food the last time I stayed here.  The eggs benni was cold and unappetizing- my friend threw up after taking a few bites of it.  The chicken wings are not authentically buffalo- its a weird sweet tasting sauce and the meat has the texture of jerkey.  And, in addition, I had to battle with them for 2 days to take the charge off of our bill.  I spoke to 3 different room service managers about the issue and had to demand for 20 minutes that they take the charge off of our bill while we were checking out.  Skip the room service and go down to the food court instead.Nice beds in the rooms-down comforters.  The shower head in our room however, was janky as hell.  It fell off the spout once, and when it was working properly it shot out the water at such a strong level that my skin was stinging and red by the end of each shower and water was on the floor as far away as 5 feet away.
5	Being a total "Girl's Next Door" fan, when I decided to go to Vegas with the boy, I knew I had to stay at the Palms.***NOTE***This is not a review of the Casino, I go to Vegas to drink poolside and club, NOT gamble....sorry.... I booked a room through Travelocity, and once I arrived, they upgraded us to an executive suite (obviously bonus points for this.Check-in was a breeze, the receptionist was a doll and gorgeous, as I later found almost all the staff at the Palms is. Not only was she fast, but she motioned the concierge over and asked if she could make us reservations anywhere for dinner, shows, or put us on the list for any clubs...THIS is SERVICE! Amazing!Our suite was in the new tower, so perhaps my experience was different than some of the other reviews on here, that said, our rooms...yes ROOMS were amazing. Our suite was on the corner of the building, so basically the walls were floor to ceiling windows. Gorgeous view of the strip. Our living room had a huge flat screen TV, ample seating, a mini fridge, and its own bathroom, ( a plus when you are trying to curl your hair and your boy is trying to shave). Our bedroom was large, had another flat screen TV, and a large bathroom with not only a shower, but a bath. The bathroom was also fully stocked with Aveda products, a Venus razor, eye drops, toothpaste and toothbrushes....gotta love that they think of all the things I forgot to pack in my frantic Vegas packing mode.The bed was amazing! First, I have to admit I have a slight phobia of comforters, because hey, how often are those things washed? Well, the Palms solved this problem for me, because the comforter was in a white duvet cover that is clearly washed after every guest. The sheets are white and silky, and the pillows are fluffy and downy, just how I like them. I think that covers our room and check-in and such. Extra plus, they gave me late checkout without any grunts or hoop jumping.My one complaint about the Palms is having to get my ID out EVERY time I entered the casino...honestly, I don't look THAT young, and it really is a pain in the ass when I'm walking through the front door to get to my room, not to gamble, to have to find my ID....especially at 6am when I'm drunk and either trying to satisfy my drunk munchies or just get into the fluffy bed.
4	At first glance, the place reminded me of the Hard Rock Hotel.  I don't know why.I like the hardwood floors instead of carpets on the majority of the walking areas.  For a Sunday night, it was surprisingly dead.  I mean, any machine you wanted was for the taking.  There was barely anyone around.  I guess the crowds will show for Labor Day weekend.We walked around the entire ground floor, scoping out the casino, food court, the various restaurants and shops.  It's all very cool.  Though I didn't do it, I thought it was kind of unique to have that fortune teller in her own little nook.Overall, after club hopping through the night in one location, I have to agree that this really is the place to be for a party.  I got passes to one club, got a hand stamp, and that was my ticket to all the other clubs in the hotel.  Never had to pay.  Same for the guys in my group, so it wasn't just a girl thing.  Next bachelorette party, I'm recommending The Palms.  There's nothing fun about a gaggle of gals (most drunk mind you) trying to get from club to club, flagging down taxis.  At The Palms, we just have to make sure we go up the right elevator.  (hee hee)
5	Great rooms, great atmosphere. Nice bars and clubs. I can't say enough good things about the Palms. I will definitely stay here. Our room wasn't ready when we got there, so they upgraded us to a suite for free. Not too far from the strip, but far enough so that it's easy to get to and not overly crowded.
3	There has been a lot of expectations for this place to live up to and thus far none of them have been satisfied. I like being on the strip so this may be a little biased. But for a casino hotel to be off strip..not really within' walking distance it's gotta be hella good. And it was, well..meh.The Ghost Bar was cool but not hoppin' like Studio 54 was. We spent most of our time outside the hotel on the strip and playing poker at the MGM.Maybe we were here on the wrong weekend...
4	Having not yet stayed at the Palms, my review is for the casino.  We've had reservations and fully intended to stay on more than one occasion, but always at the last minute we get free nights at other casino resorts.  Much as I've looked forward to staying here as it's one of my favorite casinos, if they're not going to come through with free rooms, I will stay elsewhere, yet continue to gamble and hang out here. I love the atmosphere, but more than that, I love the video poker pay schedules.  The music is good, the cocktail waitresses are attentive and hot,  and it's a comfortable place to hang out.  The mornings seem to produce an interesting mix of local gamblers (those pay tables again) and returning club-goers, which is an entertaining plus.  Evenings produce a very different crowd.There's a low-priced food court here, which seems oddly out of place.   I see good reviews for the 24/Seven Cafe, yet our experience here was less than good.  Our food was actually so bad, it was inedible.  Even considering that this is a cafe, with no pretense of fine dining, it was all just bad.   When the server, in an amazing burst of mental acuity, noticed our untouched plates, we mentioned how bad the food was.  He promptly sent over a burly no-neck type, who I can only assume was the manager, and he generously removed our bill.  Very nice and nicely handled.  Although I seriously think it was security just masquerading as a restaurant manager. So we should give the place another chance, I think.What really amazes me is that there is on-site daycare, which seems to do a booming business!  WTF?!  Lizzie, for once, rendered speechless.
3	A nice but not exceptional Vegas resort.  I spent a fair amount of my 2-day stint here so I got to know it decently well on this, my fifth or sixth trip to sin city.First, the reasons this place is great: - it has a bunch of clubs.  - it houses the playboy club and heffner suites, which sure I didn't go to but still, cool points.  - it has a mcdonalds open, i think, 24 hours.  it's got a decent restaurant.reasons it's not so sweet: - it has a mcdonalds.  cheesy. the other food options suck, i mean except for the fancy restaurants.- off-strip, enough so that we didn't end up leaving just to wander.  we had a decently regimented trip since there was a lot on our schedule but for our down-time, it's just not close enough to wander around other casinos.  - mediocre gambling.  the poker room is tiny and the play at the tables was boring.  gambling floor seemed small.- they took our reservation for a room with two beds but somehow didn't have a room with two beds when we got there.  they gave us a room with a queen and promised to send up two cots immediately.  when i stumbled in at 5am there were no cots.I didn't exactly make the place sound awesome; it's entirely decent and the rates were reasonable.  But keep your other options in mind.
5	We didn't stay here. It was a stop we made right before we left Vagas, wanting to check out other places. The restaurants and bars seemed very nice from the outside. Very dark and sometimes hard to find people who work there.I read somewhere that Palms have one the most loose machines in Vegas. Lucky us, that we stopped by here. I actually sat down in front of this machine that have 1c bets, put 20 bucks in, and won 350 dollars. Can't remember the name of the machine, but It had an irish theme. I literally just sat there and watched the money go up. Oh yeah it was fun. I wanted to give four stars, but since I won, I give them an extra star ;-)
1	The Palms is a joke.  Period. You'll start off your bad time by attempting to be forced into the massive corral of valet parking (for a mere $20/day or so) at the entrance.  Use the self parking and it's about a 1/4 mile walk in deadly heat and then through the casino to the front desk.  And that's IF you can find your way because it is an unmarked maze to discourage people from doing this.  And be sure to haul all your own bags because BELL SERVICE WILL NOT GO TO SELF PARK!   Are you getting the idea yet?I hope you;re a smoker, because the Palms is one giant fucking chimney with shit ventilation.  The higher you go probably the more smoke you will ingest and it doesn't make a damn bit of difference if it's a non-smoking floor or not.Hope you don't plan on sleeping much either as the walls are paper thin and this dump is chock full of wannabe's who don't realize the tattoo parlor in the lobby had it's show cancelled 2+ years ago and that the Real World retard-fest is long gone.  Getting the idea yet?This place is such a shithole it's offensive.  It is designed to do one thing;  squeeze money out of suckers who don't know any better.  Go to the Palms to see the UFC if you dare (the drunken crowd will be far more dangerous than any action in the cage) but if you care to stay in habitable surroundings, run away, run away.I'd give zero stars if it were possible.  This place is everything that is wrong with Vegas today.
3	I had a great time at this hotel!  I stayed here from last Friday to Monday and it was a blast!  Casino is great!  The food is pretty good.  I'd just stay away from the buffet.  It was horrible!  I think it was the worst buffet I've ever had!  One star off for that and another for my last attempt at gambling.  I had already checked out and wanted to throw down a couple hundred on the tables before I left.  But I only had 15 mins before we had to leave.  So I asked a dealer if I could have someone check my bags while I played a couple of hands.  She told me I had to go over there myself and check them in, which would have taken the 15 mins I had to gamble!  Other casinos would have done this, so I'm not sure why the Palms didn't.  Oh well, their loss right?  I probably would lost the money anywayz!  LOL!
4	Great hotel!!!
4	The cocktail waitresses are still hot.
4	Didn't stay at the Palms, but the wife and I booked a couples' massage at their spa.  Chose it for the price and would definitely hit the spa again.  Hit the tables while she got more girlie spa stuff done, and for some reason I couldn't lose!  Up about $500 in 2 hours on the craps and BJ.  The craps dealers were really cool, just as long as you don't fall for their tip hustling.  I think in the 2 hours playing I was able to slam 6 drinks so the drink ladies were awesome as well.Had lunch at the Mexican place, then spent the afternoon at the pool.  Headed back to the strip after a few more margaritas.  Not a bad day there at all!
2	I think if you enjoy staying or frequently visiting the Palms, you are probably someone that looks like the people featured here at this site: http://www.hotchickswithdouchebags.com/I only stayed here because I had plans to see a show at The Pearl that night. My room was the basic, low budget one, and I can't believe they sell this thing at around $200 a night. The TV isn't even a flatscreen one- I could get a cheap room with a better TV at Excalibur. The only thing good about that room was the bed that had lots of soft pillows on it.The casino floor isn't very big. I think most of the Palms' main building is for their clubs, some of which happen to be inconveniently near the hotel room elevators, making it difficult to get to your room since you have to squeeze by nasty, Ed Hardy wearing douchebags and drunk girls wearing dresses that would've fit them 20lbs ago. It seems like this hotel was made for just the "bros" because every time I walked into the elevator, what would come out was some ugly sparkly-shirt wearing, uber tanned, spikey haired guy. Yuck. Oh and they have AXE deodorant spray in the rooms too. Food selection was lame, and the waiters at the 24/7 Cafe need to be more attentive. I left after waiting for over 20 minutes to be served. The only good thing I have to say about this place is that most of the staff is really nice. The reception and concierge desk were helpful, especially with letting me check in to my room at 9:30 AM instead of waiting till 4 PM. Other than that, there's no good reason for me to return to this hotel. I'm sticking to the strip.
4	Stayed here this weekend for the first time.  It was at a decent rate (not cheap, but not too expensive either).  The room was just a really basic hotel room.  The king bed was nice, comfy and spacious.  We were on the 21st floor of 51 I think?  And my only complaint there would be that it got kinda loud at night due to the clubs that are up several floors.  Considering we were probably somewhere in the middle-ish of the hotel, it was kinda loud at night.  But that was just Saturday night. My bf was convinced that the bathroom floors were heated, but I dunno about that one.  It was nice because we were close to the parking garage, the restaurants, and The Pearl where we saw a concert.  It was also nice because it's a little off the strip.  We come to Vegas often, so it was nice not being in the hustle and bustle of the strip, although that can be fun sometimes!
4	I have stayed here several times due to an insane discount... BUT I have noticed over the last few years that it is not as fun as it used to be... or maybe its me??Spa treatments are really great so I would definitely do any of those.. I love the facials and massage. Food is just as average as most places.. nothing too fancy. Good food for a good price. I enjoy the casino.. good energy there and I usually come out on top. It has a ton of extra things to do so thats a plus if you ever get tired of gambling. Parking is a bust sometimes.. so if you drive be ready to walk a mile .. LOL Security can be a bit rough at times.. standing at an entrance with a glare or 2.. maybe they intimidate others, but I laughWith all the places in Vegas this place is definitely worth the trip off the strip, even if you don't stay at the hotel  it is worth the trip/cab ride to see the casino and the clubs, etc etc
5	I stayed here with my buddy for my first trip to Las Vegas after being "legal" (I had been there when I was 16). I was 22 now so I wasn't all new into the booze seen and could handle my own. But back tot he Palms; this was definitely the place I wanted to stay. Having heard it was more for young/partying type; money wasn't an option here, as it shouldn't be in Vegas, we wanted to go all out. Se we arrived and went straight to check-in. We had booked a standard room but asked us we would like to upgrade to a suite at no charge, and i said of course! They also gave us a card for free entrance into Rain but I believe every guest receives that if you ask (Rain is not that great). We went up to the 34th floor and walked into a decent size living room then walked into the bedroom with a killer few of the strip. My first trip could not have started off any better. Each room had their own TV and bathroom, although the bedroom had the only shower. It was definitely better than the average room but I had nothing to compare it to. We went down to the cafe and ordered pretty much the best steak salad I ever had (we wanted to keep a light dinner in so we could start drinking). We walked around the casino and it seemed a bit small to me but I wasn't really there to gamble.We hit up the pool before it closed and as soon as we walk through the door I thought I was in a scene from Entourage. I mean everyone was tan and good looking, it was ridiculous. After that we went to the clubs in the hotel, Moon and Playboy. The club security dudes at the elevators were super chill. We asked if we could get in and they said come back in half hour and we did and they let us right up. Even got to see Micheal Phelps partying it up at Moon.We went back the following night to Ghostbar and with a line of about 50+ people around the corner we just went up to the guy and said, "Hey, we're staying in the suite, can you let us in?" and the guy said, "Sure, go right in." How sweet is that, didn't even show our room cards, just passed that line, paid the cover and took the elevator with about 10 other babes.All in all, the Palms for me was a great place to stay and just an overall great experience.
4	Just off the strip past the Rio this place has it all loose slots, great sports book, movie theatre & Kids Quest plus they have Nathan's Famous Hot dogs & Famous Famigilia-2 New York natives. The buffet is one of the best around and they have the playboy club and smoking hot cocktail waitresses.An all around good time.
4	WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS....ENDS UP ON YELP!I got a chance to stay at the Palm's Casino Resort last weekend and wow has it changed!  I was in the Fantasy Suites and talk about a fantasy!  The rooms were huge!  They had nice huge California King size beds, plasma TVs, big ass jacuzzi tubs, and great views!  The only thing that was missing were the Hugh Hefner robes!  While there, I tried room service- which by the way is waaaay overpriced but super quick!  Also, the casino and clubs were off the hook!  You need to check out the Playboy club!  By the way, hey fellas-- GO TO THE BATHROOM- best bathroom EVER!Although it's off the beaten path of the Las Vegas Strip, you need to stay at the Palm's once in your life!
3	First of all, I have to admit that I probably wouldn't stay here if it weren't for the insanely cheap price tag I got during Christmas.  It was about $39/night.  Who could seriously resist that?  Overall, the staff was very nice, and the hotel was nice and clean.  We stayed in the Fantasy Tower, and the rooms were very nice, and the bathroom was huge!  I guess there weren't too many people when we were there because there were hardly any partygoers present roaming around the hotel.  It had a little bit of everything for everyone.  There are the fancy restaurants and then the low budget food court.  I heard the buffet wasn't that good, so we stayed away.  Overall, I might stay here again, if it were that cheap...but honestly for the regular price of $200+ a night, I'd rather stay at the Palazzo (my favorite vegas hotel!)
5	Well, if you've read my reviews of Moon and Playboy, you'll know i'm obsessed with the Palms. And for good reason! Not only do they house some of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas, they also have a great casino floor, an amazing young and upbeat vibe, have Fantasy suites and Sky Villas, and also impeccable service. My last trip to vegas I had the opportunity to stay at the Palms. Yes, there is one major drawback, that it is off the strip, but I guarantee you, the Palms will not disappoint. With four amazing nightclubs, an amazing casino, a myriad of different restaurants, a great pool, why would you ever want to leave?I had been to the palms numerous times in the past [to party at the nightclubs and gamble] and every time had been amazing. It has a great atmosphere with amazing music spinning all the time. It definitely has a laid-back, younger crowd kind of appeal. The decorations are simple, contemporary, and chic. I like the wooden floors, and the casino isn't massive so you won't get lost navigating it. Now my amazing experience staying here. Checked in on New Years Day, and there weren't any people in line to check in. It was 6PM and I was considering asking for an upgrade, but we were only staying one night and I figured we're just there to sleep. The man checking us in was extremely courteous, and, having booked an internet special rate of $79 [yes $79 for NEW YEARS DAY~!] i thought he would just put us in a basic Palms tower room. Well, we were placed in a Palms Tower Room, and yes, the room was the same basic two double bed room that I booked online, HOWEVER, he put us on the 53rd floor. Yes, 53rd floor! There's a special elevator (the one that takes you to Ghostbar and Alize) for that! I was stoked. The room was amazing. The ceilings had to be at least 15 ft high with floor to ceiling windows offering an AMAZING VIEW! There are only 8 (yes 8 rooms) on the 53rd floor, with massive suites sprawling across. The room was decently sized, but the view made up for everything. Additionally, the beds were super comfortable, and bit more firm, the way I look them. There were numerous pillows (always a plus) and it was a nice, clean, chic space. The bathroom was amazing as well! Extremely spacious, great shower AND, they have AVEDA bath products as well as AXE body spray for the men! Housekeeping was courteous and prompt, immediately bringing more towels and more Aveda products when requested. It was funny when I went back to the room once [to drink more, duh] from Moon, and everyone in the elevator was going up to Ghostbar, and I had to get off one floor below to get to my room. The elevator host had to tell the people "This gentleman is going to his room, on the 53rd floor" Hell yeah. Bottom Line: Staying at the Palms means sacrificing staying on the strip, which has its advantages, and disadvantages. I don't mind staying for a night or two because they have world class nightlife there alone, and being able to go in and out, and back to your room is very nice. Overall, the Palms is an amazing place to stay, and i'd recommend you check it out if you have a chance!
1	this place sucks big time invited by one of the host here for a comped suit  lost 8600 palyin here and still got charged 1250.00 for 2 nights i will defienitly not be back very disapointed mr maloof
4	Sunday morning in the casino at the Palms is like being in God's waiting room.  Having said that, it seems that the Palms is either a property with a 3-way split personality or it's having an identity crisis. Or both. I see 3 distinct things going on here:  They clearly market and cater to the older local population, evidenced by crowds toting the most recent giveaway, which happened to be bathrobes. Yes, bathrobes. Now don't get me wrong, BJ and I have had a lot of fun with this group. In our bathrobes.  (JK) The Palms is home to the LV N9NE Group of clubs, which although experiencing a little slippage, are still well above 50% on the hot club scale, not to mention N9NE itself, which is seriously popular with the pre-club crowd.  The Fantasy Tower Suites clearly exist for the young, loaded and hot. (Including Yelper Tony B.) The third personality?  There is a daycare.  Seriously, a daycare. Which in my opinion begs the question WHO ACTUALLY PUTS THEIR TINIES THERE? It's conveniently located near the middle-America-esque-mall food court.  One could argue that these things exist to tie in with the locals' marketing.  Ok, I can buy that.  It just all seems so damn disjointed and odd. So what were YOU doing there on the aforementioned Sunday morning Liz, you might ask?Well, here it is....one of the reasons locals are happy there has to do with the kick-ass video poker.  So, here are the reasons I love the Palms: Kick-ass VP.Great musicHot cocktail waitresses (I may have mentioned that before...)Entertaining, usually drunk parade-o-skanks.Ben and Jerry's - need I say more?
3	I had always wanted to check the Palms off my Vegas hotel list. When I found a free night offer there I was psyched to spend more time there and check out the rooms. I left somewhat disappointed!Service: Everyone from the front desk biatch to the club bouncer to our waitress at Gardunos was rude rude rude. Yes, I'm not a high roller, but after having the sweetest checkin guy ever at Caesar's Palace on Friday night it reminded me that they don't have to treat you like dirt when you check into the hotel!Food: I think the Palms falls flat here. There are some nice upscale options (N9NE, Alize, etc), but for midranged food there really is nothing acceptable. Little Buddha is nothing special, and after eating at Garduno's for the 10th time last night (yep, my work place is addicted to this place so I eat here a couple times a month against my will) I seriously hate Gardunos. Gross ceviche, gross margaritas, the oiliest fajitas on the planet.. just not good! The mid-range dining options at the Palms leave much to be desired IMO. Clubs: Here's where the place shines. Definitely has some hot spots. We went up to Ghostbar and found it hysterical that they have a no dancing rule. Even going so far as to have a sign up that says "no dancing.. our dance club is called rain". Why turn the music up REALLY loud if you can't hear each other talk and you're not allowed to dance. The drinks sucked too (why would a dirty martini ever be sweet?)ROOM: Ok here's where this place really goes downhill.The rooms are sad. One should never pay over $100 for this room. It's off the strip... the beds are hard... there aren't bathrobes.. the tub is tiny... the shower is more of a mister/spray nozzle than a shower...etc. Yeah the room has a trendy facade, but it really doesn't offer much in the way of ammenities or comfort! I enjoyed my free night here, but I wouldnt' return in the future unless I was springing for a high end suite or something. The basic rooms suck compared to the basic rooms on the strip (ie Paris, MGM, etc).
4	Have not stayed in the rooms here, just gamble, dine, sunned at the pool, movies etc.So I had never gambled before minus my mini stints at the nickel Wheel of Fortune slots on occasion.  So I decide I want to learn how to play craps.  totally intimidating, especially being semi buzzed, young girl.  all of the dealers were so friendly and really want you to learn and chat you up...and I won!  Kudos to the cocktail waitresses who broke out the Don Julio 1942 for us and comped it...that was awesome...kept em coming for sure.Ghost/Playboy are totally overrated and not worth it in my opinion....go to the Body English or tryst or XS or Wasted Space.Ditch Fridays at the palms is pretty awesome, very noisy crazy party, lots of places to lounge for free unlike a lot of other pool parties who want to charge you for a lounge chair.N9INE steakhouse is deeelish, but you're going to P-A-Y for it.the IMAX theater is awesome!  If you don't have an IMAX near you and are here I highly recommend it.the buffet is yucky, but I'm only 100lbs so I always feel like I get jipped at the buffets because I cant eat a lot..
1	The Casino itself is not my scene. A much older crowd who prefer the nickel slots and long cigarettes vs. the lights and glimmer of the Strip.It's a very smokey place and doesn't have a lot of table games. There aren't many waitresses and the service at the cashier is FOREVER LONG!!! I stood in line for over 40 minutes to attempt to cash out.I'm not trying to go to that hotel again. I suggest you forget it too
5	Plams is my favorite hotel in Vegas. My wife and i go there about 2 times a year. I like the way the casino is laid out and they have plenty of restaurants and even a movie theater. We always try and stay in the fantasy tower. The rooms there are big enough and they have great views. There is always something going on in the MANY clubs they have. If you want a casino and hotel that not too many OLDER people hang out at...this is the place for you.Peace Out MZ
3	The beds @ the Palms have fantastic sheets!The buffet sucks!  I was comped my last visit and I won't even go back there, even if it's free.  I must admit, I enjoy playing video poker @ the Palms, there is always some promotion going on with Club Palms...There's a poker dealer @ the Palms who's an asshole.   He's the reason I didn't give this joint 4 stars.   Plus, they allow smoking in the poker room after 2am.  For a non-smoker like me, it makes it  very uncomfortable.   Yes, I realize smoking is prevalent in a casino, but not in poker rooms.  There is nothing worse than sitting @ a poker table and having 8 people blowing smoke in your face...After a shitty night of gambling, my last memory of Palms was using my measly $7 in comps to get two egg mcmuffins and a hash brown @ the McDonalds in the food court...I should have went across the street and tried the Sonic restaurant that has such entertaining commercials, but I lost all my money playing poker, so Mickey D's had to do...
2	I have struggled for a long time trying to figure out how to write a fair review of this place. For quite a while it was my favorite place to stay. The rooms are nice and very wheelchair friendly. One time I even got an upgrade when my room wasn't ready. Anyone who has read my reviews knows that I love their clubs and restaurants. Last year I stayed here for the 1st week of the NCAA Tournament. For the first two days, I mainly stayed in the Sportsbook, betting and watching the games. On Saturday I woke up with a horrendous case of the flu. For the next two days I barely left my room.  I even cancelled my dinner reservations at N9NE, so you know I was sick!When I checked out, I went to the VIP Office, which I was told to do by my host. When I got there, I gave my card to the gentleman at the desk. He ran my card and before I could explain what had happened and that I wasn't looking for comps or anything, he proceeded to chastise me for not playing enough. He actually told me that I was wasting his time! I tried to explain to him that I wasn't looking for anything I was just doing what my host told me to do any time I stayed there. I asked him if I was supposed to come down and play blackjack even though I was puking my guts out every 20 minutes? He got so angry with me that I thought he was going to call security. I don't know what set him off, but I don't think I did anything to deserve being treated like that. So I left, feeling like a school kid who was sent to the principals office for something they didn't do! I haven't been back since except for one dinner at Simon @ Palms Place. I probably will stay there again someday, but I just can't bring myself to do it yet. Before this incident I would've rated them a Five, but now I lowered them to a 2. Thank you Yelp, for letting me vent.  I Feel Better Now!
5	My friend booked 2 rooms here on a Thursday night last September, and they offered us a complimentary upgrade to the "Crib" suite in the towers! Not sure if they knew, but there was an adjacent room that was open as well, so instead of squeezing 7 people in one bedroom on the king bed, we had 2 bedrooms and one living area complete with a DJ booth, pool table, bar area, tons of flat screens, salt-water acquarium with a strange fish inside, and shower with stripper pole! Wooo.
2	So, I hate casinos.  I rather hate Las Vegas in all of its chintzy hellholish glory, but I love my friends, and I love my job (after all, we are in a recession), so here I am in Vegas again.  I'll have to say that overall the service is just not good.  We ate at the 24/7 Bistro which was just slow and painful.  One person in our party is vegetarian and she asked for Kung Pao Shrimp and they brought her Kung Pao chicken.  Another person asked for a cup of tea and it took 30 minutes before she got it.  The buffet was okay, certainly nothing to write home about.  Oh and it stinks, but it kind of stinks in every casino from the years of filthy cigarette smoke embedded in the carpets.The spa was decent, and we had it comped, so that was even better, but I'm a bit spoiled because my first spa experience was at Qua at Caesars...which puts the Palms spa to absolute shame.Overall, not a fan.
5	Love the Palms.  The crowd is 21 - 45 and there is always something going on.  They treat their players with dignity and respect.  Great casino hosts, good food, lots to do.  One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.
5	The parking is a total bitch, just dropping someone off even is an event straight out of hell, but the security guards are some of the nicest guys in the world. They took my friend who was completely bonkered out of his mind and escorted him out to the curb and then miraculously dialed the right number to reach the party I was with so we could come pick him up. They helped walk him to the car, made sure he wasn't hit by one of the crazed taxi drivers or "ultra hipsters" and then said we were welcome back anytime. Imagine that, being so shit-faced that you have to be escorted out of the casino only to be told that you're welcome back whenever. I like their style, not so much the blabbering friend who you couldn't understand for the next 3 hours.
2	Sucky bed, you can smell smoke through the vents and rooms are small. The casino is old and full of older crowd. only thing good about this place was the pool. Good for single guys and college students looking for deals. Also no shuttles to the strip, take the bus right in front of the hotel, cheaper then a taxi.
5	Bachelor party in the Grand suite was incredible.  Plenty of space, and very nicely laid out.  Features worth mentioning were the full-size bar and the huge jacuzzi (Tony Monatana, eat your heart out) filled by streamline waterfall coming directly out of the ceiling.     A great hotel for young people, with plenty to do.  Although located off the strip, it was never a problem taking the short trip over there.  Still, the nightlife right in the Palms is great.  If clubs are your scene, definitely put Rain on your to-do list.
1	Dear Doorman at the Palms:This review is for you.  You ruined my night with your recommendation to go to the Penthouse Club for a strip club.  If you want to loose your clientele, keep referring us to crappy AS*, kick back, broke back, strip clubs.  See my review for Penthouse Club.I hate you Mr. Doorman.  You owe me three hours of my life back.
4	This was my fourth trip to Vegas most recently but ahhhh yes my first time visiting the Palms. I remember seeing it for the first time on Real World show I believe they had the people stay there right when it opened and heard plenty of other wild stories about the place. Well I did not get to spend much time here and did not get to win any money ( I didn't really lose either but played one of the those 25 cent slots that gave me about 100 free spins and I only made like $4.00 off the thing: I was like what is this bullshit?). Honestly, I loved seeing all the beautiful people here at the Palms. It was a Thursday night and saw all the cute ladies around of all ages, it was like no ugly people were allowed around the areas of Ghostbar and Rain at  night.  I was hopin to see some celebs like an NFL quarterback Drew Brees or Kurt Warner here or something but not this time I guess.  It is a bit off the strip so you have to take a taxi here or walk from the RIO like I did. Next time I am totally staying here at least one night.
4	My 1st trip to Vegas I stayed at the palms and I have to say that it was the greatest experience and best decision made by my friends and I..  The crowd and the vibe was awesome.. You get to mingle with the young rich, grown & sexy.. oh and with celebrities as well..  The rooms were very spacious with a nice view and comfortable beds..  We stayed at the play pen suit and i have to say that the stripper pole came very well in handy... I can't see myself going back to Vegas and not staying anywhere else but the palms.. highly recommend it..
5	The hotel is beautiful. It was pretty crowded when I arrived but was easy to find parking inside the self parking lot.  I hadn't been here before but wasn't sure of what to expect, considering all the hype that he hotel had received from the past filmed MTV shows. I was still pretty stoked, regardless. It was nice to mingle with a crowd of people that were more of the coiffed, grown, established, comfortable in their own skin, independent and sexy. I was happy here, it wasn't too hectic. There were long lines for the clubs but that was to be expected. I received free access to all the clubs at the Palms for the evening, after having been put on to the VIP guest list.  The workers here are very friendly and will not only direct you to wherever you are going but they will walk you there, even if it is out of their way. I was very impressed. I pulled on a few $1 slots and got lucky as I was leaving. The tables, they were too full so I decided not to play. Although I did not stay at the hotel, I checked out the prices. They weren't too bad. I guess the weekend before the memorial day holiday isn't too bad. Clubs still had decent crowds and the music was good. There wasn't much of a difference between the real rushed times and now.  Honestyl, I was real impressed and very pleased with my visit here. I'm actually considering staying here for my bday in August. Although, I know it will be stifling. We'll see how it goes.
4	I've stayed at the Palms a dozen times and the only thing that brings me down is that they won't upgrade me to the Heffner Suite!I have only great things to say about the Palms...love the big rooms, the bathroom goodies from Aveda...the coffee shop!  It's a great experience all the way around...try the sushi bar..amazing!!!!
5	All I have to say is, the Hardwood Suite.. is literally BALLIN!
1	"Deceptive gaming practices at slot club! " I finally made it to the Palms to check out the Maloof brothers venture..was not overly impressed with the casino area,expected more of a Strip like quality.I went to the slot club to get a players card and was told that it was "Five times points" day..Wahooo1 The lady that signed me up said you need 1500 points to get $25 free play. And that the slot points were adjusted already in the machines to reflect the 5 times value. Return on the machines did seem somewhat better than what I encountered on the Strip as I was staying at the Mirage.Took a while to get 1200 points so I put in another $60 figuring I would achieve the 1500 points required to get the $25 free slot play the slot club employee told me about. So after dropping about $180 I finally went to get my $25 I THOUGHT I earned..waited in a line for 25 minutes,got to the counter and said to the gentleman at the counter,I finally got the 1500 points required and at least I got the $25 slot play. He put my card in some machine and said to me..I have some bad news for you..you only have 354 points!  The five times value points are worth next to NOTHING!!! I told him this was very deceiving and not what I was told when I joined the slot club and the slot machines all showed I now had 1780 points!,He then told me.."The good news is..You have enough points to get a cap! As for the balance of my points  I got a cheque {Which incidentally expires in 24 hours} for sixty eight cents!! What a Con!!..I had friends coming over to join me from The Wynn later that day, as we were looking forward to going to the Ghost bar,and I called their room and told them of my Palms experience and we went to Lavo on the strip instead. Always wanted to check out the Palms as I had heard good things about it a few years back. Beyond disappointing! Sent this review to The Palms hotel..no reply..no class.JFZ
4	I think this is probably one of the best casinos in Vegas if you are under 40!The decor is awesome, the restaurants are amazing and the pool is the place to be during the summer months!I haven't been to the clubs in a while, but I feel like once you have been to one Vegas club you have seen them all.Honestly I stay here in the summer just for the amazing pool. They have a DJ that plays good music, hot waitress and bartenders and super yummy drinks.The cabanas are worth the money if you plan on spending the entire day by the pool.
1	This place blew. I was expecting something interesting to look at but there was nothing!!!!! We circled and circled and we were like, is this it? This place definitely needs a face lift and some new decor and/or attractions or something. Playboy lounge looked weak and no thanks to the ghost bar. I had a very good and thick coconut margarita then got my poker on where I lost like 60 bucks because people were playing dirty. This place is dirty and so not worth the taxi trip. Skip it.
2	I know I m going to disappoint my buddy Dwight, but the days of Real World in Vegas at the Palms are over. This place definitely does need some renovations to stay competitive with the mega casinos. I have to admit, the best part of Palms is probably the pitbar which serves reasonable drinks at $6 a cup, and the food court which has some half way decent fast food. Rain the club is a fairly hot spot on Saturdays. But these are only the few positives things I can say about the Palms.The casino floor is way too small to handle a large gambling crowd. When you are in line for the clubs, you are lining up all the way through the slot machines ( yes, its really that small). All the good places for dinner close at like 11pm. WTF?  A comparable older casino like the Hard Rock closes their restaurants at midnight,and they atleast have a cafe thats open 24/7. Don't mean to anger anyone, but the clientele at this hotel seems like the rejects of the Hard Rock hotel. Yea they have the 20 somethings here that are ready to party, but these are the dudes that probably don't usually spend a night in the town in their hometowns and its their first time. When I was standing in line for anything, all I smelled was beer breath stank. Females were wearing church dresses to the clubs, instead of something thats somewhat form fitting. I just felt like I was stuck in the 90's when Puck from San Francisco Real World was cool, but the black guy that slapped the one chick in Seattle was a dick head.Either ways, I doubt I would be staying here for the cool factor. I would choose Hard Rock any day of the week. Just come here for the clubs.
4	The casino is a little more hip than some of the others. The restaurants and clubs are nice. The spa is pretty decent. The rooms are only OKAY - nothing that special, just a nice hotel room - although they do give you little Axe body sprays as a toiletry! The pool, however, is pretty darn nice. Definitely where the young professionals hang out - the ones who come to party but have enough cash to go above the Flamingo but want something more fun than the upscale spots. Loved the cabanas. Would come here just for the pool.
5	It's my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.I love their:Crab LegsSalmonMac n cheesePrime RibFab array of desserts &ice cream machineCoffee machine and can order for free*must try the pink and white cookie! You'll see!It's great. I look forward to going!
4	Decided to hit the coffee shop at the palms for a very late night Sunday Dinner... and still there was a line for the clubs... on a Sunday night?! - LOTS AND LOTS of attractive women (even on a late Sunday night)- Decent Coffee Shop food - open 24 hours- Even saw Robin Lopez (NBA star) at the coffee shop- did I mention, lots of attractive women?
3	Stayed here when stranded in Vegas one night and not wanting to sleep in my second airport in two days. If you use hotwire, Palms is the 4 star "near strip west" with only 4 amenities listed. That being said, I will never stay here again unless I'm in some kind of situation in which I magically am able to stay in the Fantasy Tower in a nicer room. The Palms Tower, where they put us hotwire/priceline/expedia losers, is in desperate need of an upgrade. Nice Aveda products, but everything else is standard and mediocre. A tip for people booking on short notice: call the hotel before you head over because there is apparently some lag time between using a hotel booking site and when the reservation actually gets to their computer system. I almost had to pay twice until the night auditor (Sarah, who was very helpful) saw the desperation in my eyes and helped me out by calling Expedia twice and demanding they fax my reservation over. The pool is lovely, Coffee Bean (vs the standard Starbucks) is nice, and I'm sure the clubs are nice (if you have the $$$), but for the most part, I would skip this and stay at MGM or any of the other 4 stars on the Strip and consider this strictly a place to visit.
3	This review is based on my stay there last week (5 days) and a week long stay in 2006.Both times were for a conference, and because of certain connections, we get a lot of VIP perks during our stay.  I'll start with the negatives and end on a positive note.Bad:  You are nickeled and dimed for everything.  Want coffee when you wake up and your hair is pointing every which way from Sunday?  Too bad.  Comb that shit, put some clothes on, and brush those pearly whites, cuz you're gonna have to go down to the main floor for that caffeine fix.  I ran the risk every day of running into people seeing me while wanting to have a cuppa joe while relaxing in my room, admiring the view of the desert, and listening to the news.  And, if you're from the East Coast and waking at the crack of dawn, your coffee choice will most likely be limited to McDonalds.  The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf doesn't open til 6:30.  Sad face.The hotel is about a 2 mile walk from The Strip, so if you don't have a car and it's summer time, you'll work up a sweat getting there.  A big one.The main pool is FULL of pretty people, so if you're a woman and your body ain't bangin', you may or may not feel a little self conscious.The buffet is ok.  If you're *starving*, it's good.  Otherwise, walk across the street to the Rio and fork out that extra dough for the seafood buffet.Good:The amenities in the room are good.  Flat screen tv, huge windows, comfortable bed, Aveda products, huge bathroom, in-room safe, and multiple door latches (I guess not everyone has a Sig Sauer alarm system) for your security.Great:The views from the Ghost Bar are phenomenal.  It gets crowded up there, but the views are outstanding.  The Simon pool is nice, nice, nice.  We had the whole area to ourselves for a cocktail party, but WOW is it a nice pool area.  I would never stay at the Palms on my own dime, but it's an alright place to be.
3	I didn't actually get to stay here but we spent some time in the hotel while attending the Mariah Carey concert at the Pearl Venue there.The outside of the hotel is nice and now has a playboy bunny logo on the side of the building. I used to watch the show "the girls next door" and had seen an episode where they stayed at the hotel, so it was nice getting to actually tour the place. The casino area is OK but too smokey to be in if you suffer from asthma and allergies. The inside also has a Fro-yo place and a coffee bean. I however, would rather stay at the Wynne hotel as I'm not that heavy into partying or clubbing. We did get free passes to Blush, the club inside of the hotel. Unfortunately, we had to leave early in the morning to drive back and didn't have a chance to go. :(
1	This is a dreadful place to stay. I don't even know where to begin. I stayed here only because of a show at the Pearl that weekend. The Pearl is excellent. Nicely laid out, numerous ushers to assist you finding your seat, plenty of restrooms nearby, and bars. Booked on line for Friday and Saturday. Staggering $288.00 a night when Caesar's and others on the Strip can be had for 1/2 that amount with a players card (and in some cases without). Standard motel 6 type room. No coffee maker, no flat screen TV. The TV in fact made a loud chirping noise each time you change the channel. Internet was wi-fi, Ethernet, and also a keyboard operating off the television. None of these worked until a lengthy call  and then 1 did. The room I had was on the 27th floor and the music could be heard from the pool below and at night until about 5 AM. was still noticeable. Food was deplorable. I was starved upon arrival and grabbed a chili dog at the food court. It was similar to those dogs you see at 7-11 that have been cooked for hours and are all shrivelled up. Coffee shop wasn't much better. The prime rib was the worst I have ever had and emitted some strange odor. Breakfast was equally poor with eggs that appeared to have been cooked for less than a few seconds.  I considered the Buffet but after reading the other Yelp reviews did not take the chance. The clubs have cover and lines of course, as a guest I hoped for at least a waiver of cover or line pass but this didn't happen. There is a 14 screen theater available so if you have kids, they could be entertained while you are off gambling. If you like to have a drink while gaming, sit at a bar and play video poker, you will wait an eternity for a gal to come around offering free drinks and this is in the High Limit area as well. The Palms is a good distance from the strip and there is no reason to stay here and in contrast to Caesar's (for example) it is NIGHT and DAY difference. Still can't believe the dumpy room (with no coffee makers either)  for the money paid. It does have a fairly good variety of gaming, but not good enough to not want to venture to the strip where there is sooo much more to do. I won't be staying or visiting here again.
3	Eh...debated on a 2 or a 3.  It wasn't bad as compared to Planet Hollywood, but it wasn't great either.  Check in wasn't bad, easy, got to room, non eventful, nice not to get accosted by someone selling a time share posing as a door man like Planet Hollywood.  After we dropped our luggage in the room, we went to check out the pool.  So, a pool, you swim in it, you play, you splash, splash, laugh, it's water, but not here, no, young man, you are not at the pool to swim, you are there, to bare your man chest and watch the women watching you, or the women that want you to watch, as they do their mating dance, one expects them to goose step and crow some song to get noticed, like a bird or something.   It was there we looked at each other and said "we're too old for this pool"  almost mutually.   Well not too old, but if you're past your mid 20's you're too old for this crowd.  Then there's the music that pumps all over the Casino, loud whiny green day like music that just gets on your nerves, the guys can't sing, the girls sound like they're in pain, it's a massive sound assault and the only way you can escape it is to go to your room, they pipe it in the elevators too.  So this is a part that I've observed in most Vegas hotels so it's not just the Palms.  You get jack shit.  Want some coffee, shut up! Go to Starbucks, how about a workout in the gym?  up yours! you have to go to the spa and pay for it.  Free Continental Breakfast?  Haha don't be a dumbass, you gotta give money.  Laundrymat?    oh come on now open up your wallet, no coin laundry here!  I will say the Palms had a lot of pillows and towels (the cheap kind you wouldn't want to steal).  TV was one of the old style ones, so you can tell that you, oh $200 a night person, are not worth of a cheap assed $300 26" LCD TV to view, at least that's what they seem to be saying here.  Concierge..I couldn't find one, if there was one, they were taking a lot of breaks, I tried calling front desk once, after 10 rings I gave up.  They're good at sending you sales messages on the phone, however.It was only a passing security gent that told me about the shuttle going to the strip "theys one at 12 and one at 2, etc"  .Slot promos are not really worth the time unless you're really going to gamble there, the slots aren't lose and you will lose more often than win.  Solve that issue real fast by going next door to the Gold Coast, or go to the Strip I've found Paris Casino to be a pretty good slot place as well.  We did like the food court area with Nathans (wow, they have them on the west coast, cool).  And we saw a movie at the theatre, so not a bad place, just not a great place.  So what else did we do here, oh the Playboy club, cool stuff, this is more of an older crowd vibe, well managed, didn't feel like an outsider and they treat you pretty well.  Not a place for families, you will be sadly disappointed, esp at the pool, clear the area, its a pre fornication party!  There's liquid flying and it's not water from the pool..  I'll leave it at that.  Ok so it's a mixed bag, room wasn't bad, views were nice, service eh..not so hot, some clubs weren't bad, I got in and out easily.  Just needs a bit more improvement in customer service.
2	To be transparent, my stay here was paid for by Interscope Records/UMG.  However, I'll treat this as if I paid for the room from my own (very shallow) pocket.  (THANK YOU INTERSCOPE!)First, it's far from the strip.  Supposedly the hotel has a shuttle, but we couldn't find it (even sober).   A cab ride to the middle of the strip will run you about $11.  Ouch when you do this two or three times a day.  Second,  if you're over---eh--40, I wouldn't stay here.  It's a loud, energetic, young crowd.  The clubs are great.  Lines are super long.  We were able to check out a couple, but they weren't for us.  However, everyone waiting in the 150+ person line seemed pretty happy.  Our room was nice (it was an ADA accessible room - so for this reason I fee like it was cleaner).  However, there was a rather large box (empty) of condoms left under the bed.  More power to the person who stayed before us especially if the really did need the ADA features (we did not).   Average beds, double size, so pretty small.  All this talk about luxury sheets is crazy talk because the Hilton has nicer sheets.  The towels were really nice and the Aveda products almost gave it an extra star. Service - average.  We waited more than 30 minutes to check in due to some computer issues.  They offered nothing in exchange for the long wait.  Overall,  it's too far from the strip to be worth the money.  It also doesn't have enough to keep you from the strip.  The casino is only so-so.
5	5 STARS!!We finally actually stayed 3 nights at the place we've been gambling and hanging out at for years.  Every single expectation was exceeded.   * Our room was beautiful: Salon Suite in the Fantasy Tower.  Two full walls of floor-to-ceiling windows gave us an astonishing view.  The bed was super comfy, the linens were wonderful, this room was not missing a thing! 42" plasma and Bose CD/DVD which also rated high on BJ's list.   The bathroom was roomy and well lit with plenty of counter space and there was a jacuzzi tub / shower combo that was huge, with the best water pressure I've experienced in Las Vegas EVER, not to mention the shower head was clearly placed for tall people, which is a great surprise.  Lovely Aveda products, with a special 'guys' package, which Big Jeff appreciated.  * Every single employee we came in contact with went out of their way to ensure that our stay was perfect.  Front desk, housekeeping, room service, valet, restaurant and casino employees - every single person.  Amazing. * Pools.  Beautiful, comfortable, great service.   * The casino itself still ranks high on our list of favorites.  Great atmosphere, great music, great cocktail service and great video poker.  * Clubs:  We've pretty much moved on from clubs, but Playboy and Moon were great places to hang out for a while.  Great views - inside and out.  * Valet is great, but we also noticed that self-parking is immediately adjacent to the casino, well lit, abundant and there's even good music out there.   Palms just took a GIANT leap forward on my favorite places to stay list.
3	right in the middle with some pros and cons.i've club hopped here before but we had tickets to rain for hallowe'en so it was a no brainer to stay at the palms.it's slightly off the strip and it's smaller - not like the ones where you are lost just trying to get to your room in tower 3.there were some great fun costumes - a giant metal bumblebee transformer took the prize.  a wild things took 2nd place.  i personally loved the fuzzy sesame street ones.  an extra hour with the time change and the club was hopping!and therein lies the con...even on the 16th flr, the beat from the club was vibrating the walls.  and there was no peace even after 4am.some drunk girl next door was screaming and yelling.  security was trying to calm her down.  she was saying this guy was following her to the security guards who escorted her out but then she came right back to the room asking for her $40.  it seemed like she was not in danger or else we would have called security again. check out via the tv - otherwise, you'll wait in line at the reception.i'm not much of a gambler but my bf and i put some down on a few horse races the next day.  we were up 12$ which wasn't bad since our friends "donated" a few hundred on roulette and blackjack.  there were some walk of shame folk at breakfast who were still in their costumes the next day.lots of fast food spots and a movie theatre if you want to see the michael jackson movie.  otherwise, there was a solid italian(nove) or steak place (n9ne) - i loved that a hostess with false lashes, too much make up and fake boobs was telling us that the italian place nove was high class.gotta love vegas, baby!
4	I think of this property as the Hard Rock Hotel on steroids.  It is much larger and newer.  It is also fully amenitized in comparison to the smallish HRH.  With the size comes an increase in price.  HRH usually has rooms for about $99/night, but expect to pay at least double at Palms for a basic room.I was surprised to hear that they get as much as $45K per night for the Hugh Hefner suites they regularly feature on television.  If that is too much, but you still want to blow the budget, they have a variety of other suite options that range from a few thousand to tens of thousands per night.  A DJ suite, Hardwood Suite with basketball court, Erotic suite, and on and on.  You can see most of what they have to offer on the website.  The whole hotel is designed for partying, so they do not discouage people from living it up in these rooms.I have had a bit of luck in the casino, and have had a few drinks at the Ghost Bar on the roof.  I have always been impressed with the crowd and ambiance at this property, but the location leaves a bit to be desired.  You have to taxi in and out if you are staying on the Strip, and the taxi queue can take a while during busy times.A condo complex was opened a year or so ago called Palms Place.  From what I understand, you can rent those units nightly, if you need a full kitchen and what not.  There are other nice amenities on-site like a movie theater and plenty of covered parking.
4	Once you've stayed at Wynn/Encore and perhaps a couple other places on the strip, try staying off. And if you're staying off and haven't yet tried the Palms, give it a shot just because of how classic it is.Here's a suggested itinerary:- Friday morning, check in early (they're usually fine about that), and hit the pool party, which pops on Fridays in the summer (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pool-and-bungalow-at-the-palms-las-vegas#hrid:IO81A3lvBVTZERTiKOaQAw)- Friday afternoon, catch a movie (they have a full cinema and IMAX)- Friday night, start out at Ghostbar, which is a good place to make new friends if you're looking to expand your group (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ghost-bar-las-vegas#hrid:-ynO7C535GCOyGNwHG0SHw)- Late night, head across the street to Gold Coast for bowling. The more, the merrier (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gold-coast-bowling-center-las-vegas#hrid:wx3GksqaNPKCpVw_m1gzeg)- Saturday brunch, take the skywalk over to Simon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/simon-poolside-at-palms-place-las-vegas#hrid:nr1dzPD9RFPZAPY71nxxng)- Saturday night, Oakenfold at Rain (pick a weekend when he's there) (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rain-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:Of_BcBVqt7gTxHtMyIgXJg)- Sunday, get down to the strip ASAP for brunch at a classic poolisde buffet like Caesar's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/caesars-palace-las-vegas-4#hrid:BI717C1P4veazIHNJEi8yQ) and spa at Wynn/Encore (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-at-wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:PDsxTepKc2Dkk2AEng9KEg) if you have time before your flight
4	The first time I walked through the Palms I was not impressed.  A few weeks ago I stayed there for two nights.  I got an amazing rate of $59 a night.  The room was nicely sized and had a good view of the strip.  The room was nicely appointed.  There are some good food options and several club options so you will never be bored.  Staying off the strip can be a hassle, but with a competitive rate it is well worth the hassle.
1	To quote my Vegas friend, "The Palms has really jumped the shark."Yeah, jumped the shark wearing water skis, a tutu and Hawaiian leis!The only thing worth mentioning was the mullet-headed, pimply-faced, barrel-chested, tree-trunk armed hick babbling into his cell phone in the lobby, teetering on his wobby legs, drunk as a skunk, saying, "I'm at the Palms, man..." And my friend went up to him and goes, "Brother, you aint at the Palms, this is the MGM Grand!"  And he started CRYING, "Where the fuck am I? How the fuck did I get here? Man, I'm at the MGM Grand!"We got out of Dodge after that one.
1	First & last time staying at Palms! Checked in, got to room & was unimpressed by the old furniture, & TV. Went to Ghostbar, and Playboy, have to admit pretty nice view but music sucked balls. Went back to room & people next door were smokin weed. Called to get another room. Got another room but with a shity view. Woke up the next morning & realized we forgot a few items. Asked front desk if we could get items & they said room had been filled. Nothing in lost in found. Had to file report that IF thy find items they will contact us. No apologies, no comps, nothing. My recommendation, pay a little more at Wynn, or Ceasers. If you want to hit up the bars at Palms, just take a cab, don't stay there, you'll"ll just was your time & money!
4	We stayed here as a last minute vacation and really enjoyed our room. First, the bathroom was as large as our bedroom at home! The bathtub was absolutely amazing! Big enough to relax and enjoy the jets and the water was immediately hot--no lukewarm baths at The Palms! The view of the strip was great too.The only downside is that The Palms is no where near the Strip. We would take a $10 cab ride to the Strip for the day and only return to the Palms to go back to our room.The Mexican restaurant in the lobby was really tasty. The Casino was fairly small and overpriced (in my opinion). Across the street there's a ghetto casino that's way cheaper. :)
4	"Wake up in the morning feeling like P-Diddy. Grab my glasses. I'm out the door. I'm gonna hit this city." -Ke$ha (yes, with a dollar sign instead of an S.)That song played way too #@$%ing many times in the casino here.So, every time I have been to Vegas before, we always try to cram as many people as possible in a hotel room so that we have more money for gambling and drinking. However, I paid NOTHING for this hotel room. A cabbie said that this hotel is popular with the young celebrities.* This may be why the New York guy likes it so much. But, celebrities aside, it is a nice enough joint.The beds are very comfortable and if you are a total pillow diva, someone will show up with a boatload of pillows with varying degrees of firmness so that something is bound to make your princess-in-the-pea ass happy. There is a decent variety of restaurants and a food court to eat at. I appreciated how the coffee shop was not a Starbucks. I didn't appreciate that it is the greedy and weak Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Those bastards charge extra to ice your drnks. Not cool. I refused to eat at the Mexican place because we Californians, unlike New Yorkers, know good Mexican food. The 24/7 place was ok. Service was spotty and my poached eggs came out hard. But hey, at least they had a Panda Express (which I didn't eat at).The Playboy club charges a cover on weekends, even to guests. So we didn't go in. Ghostbar won't charge covers to guests. We didn't have anything to drink, but it was insisted upon me that I see the view from the balcony there. I must agree, it's a pretty great view.But the hotel rooms, again, were bad ass. The showers had most excellent water pressure and they supplied Aveda bath products. Much nicer than what I am used to, for sure! * It was a big concern that I would return from Vegas married. It was joked about that since Brittany Spears was in her room at The Palms just before she got married for two days, that I may do the same. Please people, gimme some credit. I don't know this guy! The worst I would do was get engaged. (Don't worry, that didn't happen!)
4	I was suppose to be in LV from NYE for 4 nights but decided to beat the traffic and go a day earlier so I wanted to stay someplace that had some nightlife and I wouldn't feel obligated to gamble because of a discounted or free room so I booked a room at the Palms for 80 dollars.   I've stayed here before and room was okay but this time they put me in the Fantasy Tower which was much nicer and more of what I originally expected from the Palms.   I'm not sure if the room was upgraded from it's original state but it was a lot nicer than the first time I stayed here.  I know I wasn't in the Fantasy Tower last time.
2	ok.  here goes...I come to vegas about 3 times a year for about the last 12 years.  I live in Los Angeles, it only 3 hours or so.  I have stayed everywhere in the past and just wanted a change of pace from the Wynn.  I drove in during horrible rain and snow, it took 6 hours.  I arrive at hotel around 12, go to counter and try to check in.  "The system is down, it wont let me check you in yet"  I love any line that begins with "the system".  I said, ok.  When can I.  around 115.  no probem.  I go play blackjack, have lunch and come back.  "im sorry, "the system" all over again.  This time it wont let them check in till 4.  Ok I said.  Walked around, had a cocktail, played blackjack.  350  I go back, line down the counter like 50 people deep.  Im in line.  2 guys in suits walking past the line, one says to the other" is this cause of the computer thing?"  the other says, I'll take care of it.  he goes to the counter, leans over and picks up a phone, calls someone, and boom!  everyone is being checked in promptly.  Does this mean if someone told these higher-ups earlier, maybe we could have checked in then??  I wonder.  The real problem is just that the people working there were like drones, not a bit of personality at all.  A bunch of "im sorry" while they look in another direction.  pretty rude.I finally got to check in and decided to upgrade for 30 bucks more a night for a newly remodeled larger room.  mostly cause I had work to do online, as well as wanted to watch basketball on an lcd tv, not an old boat anchor crt.  it was a fairly lame vegas night, but who cares, Im always here.  I watched 3 games, did my work and ordered room service.  Room service was very friendly, but the food was dumpy.  barely cafeteria level, although sounded good on menu.One other thing,   While the hotel room looks like its clean, its not.  Up close revealed a booger on the bathroom floor the size of a dime.  also looks like people puke around the toilet and it goes unscrubbed.  It just clean on top of dried puke and pee.  Im keeping my socks on at all times.  The "upgrade" also landed me in a room that has a view of air conditioning units and some sidestreet off the strip.  So, anyway, thats my first night, Im getting ready to leave the room and have a late breakfast or lunch, its around 11 am now.  I will leave another update after checkout tomorrow.  I hope it gets better between now and then.
3	I've stayed at the Palms for three out of four of my 2009 Vegas trips.  I'm older so this review is coming from the perspective of a 33 year old :)  Each time I've stayed in a comped room, so I have no perspective on room rates. I've never had any complaints about the rooms, each time they were clean and meet both my and my guest(s) expectations.  My only warning about the Palms, is that it (in my opinion) is mainly a party hotel.  After my last trip in the Fall of 09, I made the conscious decision that I won't be staying there anymore simply because I'm too old.  While this place is perfect for the 21-25 year old crowd, there really isn't much to do for those outside that age group.  The casino itself is extremely small and during all of my trips last year, it appeared very dead.  I typically had multiple sections of the $1 slots and VP machines to myself.  One positive of that was that the drink service was very good and the cocktail waitresses were very friendly.If you're not familiar with this property, it is good to note that it is an off-strip property, so you will start to feel isolated after a while. So, I suggest budgeting at least $40 a day for cab rides back and forth to the strip.  If you are a total rewards member, you can always make the quick walk over to the Rio and utilize the free shuttle to the strip.Final Review:Pros:- Friendly staff- Nice rooms- Great drink service- Movie theater in the casino mall area- Lots of night clubs/lounges to choose fromCons:- Very small casino; not a lot of slot choices (I think they only have 3 $5 machines)- Very young crowd which seeps into the casino during clubbing hours- Extremely basic buffet- Over-aggressive elevator security
4	i like the palms... yes its off the strip, yes the chick at the front was rude and did not know anything until she found out what rooms we were staying in... over all the celeb, g, and barbie (yes even the barbie) were cool.  hefner suite is next on my list...clubs are cool and my friends even found a way to the roof where some wolf pack juice was shared...ill be back...kinda have to... went home with $$$chips in my bag...
4	Who: Party of 3.When: January 29 - 31, 2010The Basics: Deluxe Room in the Fantasy Tower.  We got it for $187 for both nights and also had a $50 credit for the whole stay.  The room was nice with a big bathroom.  I didn't mind not staying on the Strip since during winter, there isn't much traffic so it's not a long drive.  The Palms is great to party at since they have two cool clubs and two lounges right at the hotel so you don't even really have to leave.  They also have a food court with a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, McDonalds and Panda Express, which is great if you don't want to eat at the sit down restaurants.  Overall, I'd stay again if I could get the same rates.
4	Tons of ups and downs during my 2 night stay during the week when I was in town for work.  Vegas during the middle of week is full of conventioneers, conferences, and old people. Well the Palms had its share of older folks or the folks that you won't see typically drop $$$ at the tables but hey it was still nice crowd overall. Valet was on-point every time except I couldn't call down because of the phone somewhere.  When I checked-in they upgraded my room to deluxe rooms on some really high floor of the Fantasy Tower while paying the basic rate.Down to the casino floor, the vibe was "alive" or as much as it could be for during the week in the middle of winter, the Palms always play great music throughout the casino floor which makes it great because during long stretches at the table you can feel something besides the stack of chips in front of you dwelling down.
5	Stayed here for a week for my 21st birthday (early August) and had a blast! Me and two of my friends booked a Deluxe Room in the Palms Tower but after some sweet talking with the Front Desk girl we got a Deluxe Room in the Fantasy Tower and the party finally began! The room was really nice! Doorbell, Jacuzzi tub, huge windows, 200% better than the old tower. Ditch Friday was lots of fun. We were able to get a cabana and a bottle but the food is really expensive!! We partied at all the spots in the hotel pretty much in one night...we hit up Ghostbar on the off nights...we stayed in Vegas waayyy too long! Not being on the Strip wasn't an issue at all, actually it made for great stories thanks to one of my friends in law school...every ride there was an argument! If you get bored of clubs and lounges there's an indoor go-kart track within walking distance and a bowling alley across the street.
4	We stayed at the Palms for the second time in a couple years. It was very fun this time but we tend to like the pool scene that you find in the summer.Anyway Little Buddah is great food... Ghostbar and Playboy Clubs are always a good place to check out the Vegas scene.We will be back soon (hopefully). We had a great casino host who put us on the club lists, which was appreciated.All in all, love the Palms. It is quiet in February... Just gearing up for the crazy spring and summer crowds! Cheers to Vegas!
4	Spent five nights here in Feb 2010.  It's a fine place to stay off the strip, which I consider to be an advantage.  Quite cheap, for the quality.  I don't really give a shit about gambling, but the tables downstairs were too high-stakes for me.  The room was spacious and clean, and the whirlpool tub was nice.  If you like Asian food (fuck it, even if you don't), Little Buddha downstairs is a charming little bar and sushi restaurant.Playboy Club in the building brings a huge number of douchelords, but the Bunnies in the ads plastered all over the place are easy on the eyes.My only complaint is that they didn't have a coffeemaker in the room.  Hell, I stayed in a place in Vermont where I had to ground the light fixture to turn it on, and it had a coffeemaker.  Overall, a thumbs up.
4	Palms Casino Resort is a bustling hotel/casino a mile or so off the strip.  After taking a stroll down the strip I can say unequivocally that it's location, for me at least, was a plus not a minus. Palms is very clean, even their Casino floor is well maintained and modern.  I'm not particularly interested in gambling but if you are there are some fairly high-stakes tables here, as well as all the traditonal electronic machines.Palms houses several clubs, including Rain and Ghost Bar, and restaurants.  Our favorite was Little Buddha, a Pan-Asian place that served some pretty tasty drinks.  We were even able to have the helpful, friendly, bartenders replicate a fairly non-traditional cocktail using Sriracha.  The room itself, especially for the price (about $83/night), was an excellent deal.  We had a 17th floor view of the strip which was  lovely.  The beds were comfortable, the bathroom huge, and the whirlpool tub was heavenly. I was very happy with Palms and would return.However I will mention that if you are not a fan of walking, and want to frequent the strip you may be taking a lot of cabs.  I found the taxi prices to be comparative with Boston, which is to say not particularly cheap.  We walked a lot but it's not necessary a pretty walk.Also, because there is a Playboy club in the hotel you get a lot of lame, faux rich, people hanging out there on Friday and Saturday nights.  They didn't really impact our time because we typically stayed clear of the Casino and the Playboy Club but there can be a bit of meat market feel to the place.Overall though, solid 4-stars.
4	Stayed here on a Friday night at the end of January and found it nice enough.  Good casino floor, though the roulette machines were on the pricey side.   Got to see a large amount of eye candy on their way to the different clubs; enough that at times lines were forming around sections of the casino floor as they waited their turn.  So nice to have something to look at while playing the slots, even if admittedly, they are too young for me to really be looking at. LOL.The room on the 23rd floor (I think) we had there was nice enough, with good views of the Strip and other parts of Las Vegas visibile, and had nothing around to really block the view (save the other Palms tower).   Beds were comfy and the comforters were nice, but what I really enjoyed were the towels!   They were on the rough side so they served as exfoliaters which I thought was quite pleasant.Unfortunately, since this hotel is a bit of a party place, the other occupants can be quite loud, as my sister in law could attest to while trying in vain to sleep in her room.   I heard nothing in my room though, so no complaints from me!  Prices for the rooms were right, and the fact that this hotel is not on the strip was no problem, since that was only a 5 minute drive away.Definitely a place I wouldn't mind coming back to, as I wasn't there long enough to experience in one night many of the things (cinema, food court, clubs, etc) that the hotel had to offer.
4	A Maloof property.  Or something like that.  It says that on the sign out front.  As in "Proprietor: Mr. Maloof."Anyway, Palms Casino Resort is very nice.  Maloofulous, you might say.The casino area feels more upscale and generally nicer than many.  They have apparently impregnated the carpets with smarm repellent.  There are numerous restaurants with a variety of price ranges as well as a couple swanky nightclubs and of course The Playboy Club.  There is also a food court and a movie theater.  All in all a good casino if you are planning on staying put for a day.My room was well appointed, tastefully decorated, clean and comfy.  My only real compliant was the shower heads.  Have you ever tried to shower under a plant mister?  I think there was water on me at some point.
2	I maintain my disdain for the Palms.  I was here last week and the service was just awful!  I was overall unhappy with my stay.
3	Stayed here for the first time from March 15-18. I have to say that it was not a good experience but it was not a bad experience either. I arrived at the hotel and valet was quick to unload the car and park it. They called for someone to pick up my bags. I waited. And waited. And waited. Was out there a good ten minutes. Somebody eventually picked up my bags. Check in was a breeze. Got in and out of that quickly. Went up to the room. Rooms are good but not great. The temperature of the room never seemed to be quiet right. It was really stuffy in the rooms no matter how many times I fiddled with the temperature. Bathroom was decent. Took a while for the water to warm up and the water pressure was decent. The thing that annoyed me the most was they did not clean my room for a couple of days. Was out of my room at 9 am and came back at 4 pm. When I came back to my room it was not cleaned. I was shocked I had to call for them to clean my room. Casino floor is really small. The booking and gaming area was very small as well. There is a movie theater here, That was a good place to rest and recover. Nightlife at the Palms is great. So many places to choose from. Ghostbar and Playboy Club are only two of the places to go. Overall my experience here was ok. It was during the work week. It started picking up on St. Patrick's day. Once that day came around the vibe of the place really picked up. I would be willing to stay here again.
3	Stayed in the Fantasy Tower with a decent room - I didn't pay attention to the room name. The bathroom was nice and spacious with Aveda products which I really like. It's a destination hotel as it's off the strip near the Rio hotel. I've been to Vegas a handful of times but never been there for nightlife or for stay.If you are into clubs, there is a good amount of clubbing opportunities with Ghostbar, Rain, Moon, and Playboy Club. The Ghostbar was nothing special but the view of the strip is definitely something to check out at least for a few minutes. The Playboy club had some ok looking dealers - I would have expected much higher quality for Hef.Prostitutes were very abundant everywhere in the bar and casino. I was pretty shocked at how apparent they were. I guess it's just accepted at this hotel more than others.Our group got a suite to party in - it was full of TV's, fridge, a few bedrooms. Overall not too bad.The pool was  nothing to get excited about. The cabana service was good and very attentive.The casino area was really tiny.  They need to keep more tables open at all times. It got really crowded and single deck BJ stinks. They opened up a few tables on the side during the weekends. Most of the minimum's were $25 for BJ.If you are into nightclubbing, loud music, Top 40 music (they blast the latest hits non-stop) you might really like this place. If I had a choice, I probably won't be staying here again. I prefer something like the Wynn where there is a combination of class, service, and nice decor.
4	Hubbie and I stayed here last weekend, its not that big of a hotel and it feels basic (when compared to Mega Resorts like Wynn or Bellagio) but that was a positive for me, it ranks on the intimate side.The bed in the room was so comfy, the only thing I wasnt feeling was the old-ass TV, the view was also ok. Pool is filled with pretty people and NO ONE GETS IN THE WATER... WTH? Drinks are a violation but you already expected that, right? Think $9 for a Heini... Wouldn't stay there without a car
1	THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER IN 15 YEARS.I was there on wednesday I saw few tables with reserve signs and few without, I asked the guy standing near bar where can we sit, he told us any table without a reserve sign, you can sit there and we found a table and order drinks, I was drinking and going to the tables and gambling, dropping 100 dollar a hand, about hour and hour n half into to it this manager looking thing shows up and tells us to move from this and go sit somewhere else.  I asked him what is the reason and he said some of his special customers want to sit here.  I told him before we sat down we asked you where we could sit, we were directed toward this table, it is extremely rude to kick your customers to other table, his exact words, you are talking to me and I am a human reservation system with authority and I want you to leave this table now.  I said I am gonna leave this F......K place and I will never come back here, he said what ever.  I am a business man to me any of my customers regardless of the amount they pay, my company services are the same for each customer.  I was staying at Encore, best rooms and customer service in Vegas, then I came to palms the hell hole.......very bad management and owners, your management shows what kind of business man you are and it reflects bad on MEATLOAF BROTHERERS.  I will never go there again and I will tell as many people I can....
4	There is nothing I love more than a quickie. Quickie trips, that is! I was presented with an amazing opportunity to catch the last show of Jay Z's Blueprint 3 Tour at The Pearl, so I jumped on it like a crackhead who just found a rock.This is my second stay at the Palms and this trip was even better than the last. I had a phenomenal two-bedroom suite in the Palms Tower, complete with a 42 inch plasma, a full wet bar and kitchen, a beautifully decorated and comfortable living room area with a phenomenal view of a residential area behind the tower. I've been to Vegas many times and have never been off the strip so that is why this particular view was so cool to me. Nicely sized bedroom with an uber comfortable king sized bed, 42 inch plasma screen and large closet. And the bathroom-- a gift from the bathroom gods! Marble vanity with double sinks, marble tile, large shower, and separate toilet closet. The tub, however, was what got me giddy. I was butt-naked and in this bad boy within 20 minutes of being in the room. There was even a 20 inch plasma in the bathroom conveniently positioned so you could watch MTV2 while soaking.Since the trip was so last-minute I wasn't 100 % happy with what I packed, so I be-bopped down to the Palms Shop to see if I could cop a fly fit. And I did- a great fitting pair of True Religion jeans and a sexy Sky top. Luckily I brought the perfect pair of stilettos to rock with it.The only downside was room service: the food SUCKED like a crack whore working for a free rock. The margherita pizza tasted as if it were made with American cheese and the Caesar salad tasted more like a Brutus salad...,just gross. The chicken soup I ordered at 5am to settle my alcohol-engorged stomach was lukewarm and aggressively average. I did, however, order the Kung Pao chicken and fried wontons from the restaurant, 24/7, the next day and was pretty satisfied.I'm not a gambler but I did a trot-through of the packed casino to see and be seen--lots of sluttery, tans, hair gel and muscles. Trey Songs, the opening act for Jigga, hosted a party in the Hardwood Suite and this room was AMAZING. Bi-level suite with full bar, pool table and a basketball court, flat screens and other ballerific features. This soiree was an all-chick affair with the exception of Mr. Songz and his handlers, so needless to say, I departed rather expeditiously.I like the Palms a lot but the crowd is just a tad too young for me, but still a beautiful and fun place.
3	Palms is hard hotel to rate. One side of me wants to give a high rating like a 5 and the other part wants to give it a 3 or less. There are definitely some pros and cons involved. Palms has a hotel rating of 4.5 Stars, so that would be some where in between Hilton and Planet Hollywood (4 star) vs Wynn and Mandalay Bay (5 star). I feel Palms should not be consider even close to any of the hotels I just named, so I will have to go with 3 stars. This hotel has a strange resemblance to the Morongo Casino Resort in Cabzon, CA, both inside and out...Pros: If you ever watch MTV or any National Lampoon movie and dreamed of the right hotel this is the place. This is one of the few hotels that I see a solid party crowd of 21-35 years old basically the MTV generation. Great eye candy and atmosphere. Although, I land in the middle of that age range I don't feel like a old guy and no old guys call me "young man" (which I hate). This place screams PARTY and everyone is invited. Although, I did not get to try out the pool or the club atmosphere here, because of a friend wearing the wrong attire or just bad timing. I believe it will be worth it if only I can use my free passes before they expire. BIG BALLIN'! If I ever get the money or an invite from the palms they have ridiculous fantasy suites. *cough** George Maloof if you are listening please hook a brother up!! If you are like most people, I only experience this watching the Travel Channel or Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. I hope that I can have a bachelor party in the Playboy Suite with Heff as a guest or have Jayz performing with me at the Hardware Suite maybe play some one-on-one with Lebron while I'm there. A man can only dream right?Cons: Parking garage sucks! The structure is set with incredible blind spots and even though it is in LV you will still have the crazy LA drivers trying to Tokyo Drift around the ramps when you enter the parking lot. I'm curious what the statistic of crashing in the parking lot. The standard room was simple and classy with comfy sheets. The con was the furniture looked warn and I don't want to imagine how this could have happened. I stay two nights and was expecting a fresh room when I returned, but no maid service. I called maid service in the afternoon to come by again. Then called again around 10 pm because it was still not done again. During check out I mentioned this and the front desk said they cannot help me because I check out. So they did offer to upgrade my stay next time... if there is one. I still had a bitter taste in my mouth. A free buffet (which sucks) or a 2 for 1 would have been nice enough. Unfortunately, Palms did not meet up to the 4.5 stars I expected. Maybe it would have been better if I had more money possibly. I did get a real good vibe and there semi to be endless possibilities of things to do. There is even a movie theater in the hotel. SAY WHAT? Yes and it is reasonably priced, so if you have no more gambling money swing by. For you discount shoppers the Matinee price is only $7.75 and $10.75 for IMAX/3D that is amazing for Brendan Theaters. Even you 8 dollar Costco tickets for AMC or Regal can't top that. I think Brendan is part of AMC. Well enjoy a movie, maybe a spa, and an evening at the club. See you there Playboy or Playgirl.
4	I was there on business and stayed in a glorious suite for for four days.  Thankfully, because the days that I was there it rained for three days.  There is a movie theatre so I took advantage of it-saw Avatar (IMAX, 3-D).  There is a food court and lots of restaurants to choose from.  The Palms is not on the strip so if you don't rent a car you'll have to take a taxi to the Strip.  I took a taxi a few times and decided to rent a car.  It's much cheaper!!  Take advantage of valet service when you park...it saves so much time and less hassle!
4	My first time here and I really have to say that I like it! The Palms ROCKS! I love the retro modern look. The service has been top rate. The casino has an IMAX movie theather! Lastly, the rooms are simple yet modern. I enjoyed my stay here!
2	I've stayed at a lot of places in Vegas over the years and just had the experience of staying at the Palms while in town for a convention.  I almost hate to say it but I was really dissapointed. The hotel is on the older side in decor, especially in the guest rooms.  The bars / clubs are great - Ghostbar, playboy, moon, rand and I had a great meal ant N9ne but the rooms were below par. Also, they tried to charge me for red bulls that were never even in my guest / host bar, and tried to add on a tip at the end of my bill. The staff were all nice and great clubs but not the place to lay your head down to rest.
1	Quite possibly one of the worst "premiere" hotels in Vegas. I was here for a three day business trip, and had inquired about using their business center prior to arrival. They said they had a fully outfitted business center that were free to use, although printing would cost extra. No problem, right? Wrong. I get there and it's $9.95 to use the computers ... per each fifteen minutes. No wonder no one was using it when I went down there.Second problem: our group had rented out a large number of rooms, plus we had expensive dinners both nights in two of the Palms Restaurants. We also rented out a large VIP section at the Rain nightclub. But when I arrive at 1:20am, I am told "The club is all done for the night." Never mind the fact that a large number of my group is still inside, they won't let me in.First, and last time, Palms.
1	Yes, I made the idiot mistake of staying there the year after I swore I would never stay there again! Why? Because I was there for VLV (www.vivalasvegas.net) and the Orleans was sold out. I had to have a place in West Vegas and my options were limited. I said what could happen a second time? Omigod, if only I had known...In 2008 I was gambling and one of their floor jockeys asked if I wanted a Palms plastic card. I would get $10 of free playing money. Being the cheapskate that I am, I said "why not?" and filled out the paper work. A couple hours later, I was sitting in the same area, and a security person walked up to me and asked for my driver's license. I had gone up to my room and had come back with only my room key, an atm card and lipstick (I thought - the essentials in life.) My mistake, I forgot my i.d., the other essential in life. Whoo boy, would I regret forgetting that! This security bloke started berating me in front of all the other persons around  me about being a liar, a this and a that. I had no idea what he was talking about, but I gathered that somehow he thought I had used a fake i.d. to get the house plastic card.I asked him to accompany me to my room to get my i.d. which he agreed to. When we did so and he saw my i.d., he went on and on about in all the years he had been doing security, he had never been wrong about anything. When I asked him (and then the hotel) for an apology, he (and then the hotel) told me I should be FLATTERED that my age had been mistaken in such a fashion.Nevermind that I had been berated, humiliated and lost an hour of my personal time marching around with this security yahoo - I should be greatful for this, to prove how youthful I appear! So that was last year.This year made last year look like a walk in the park. This year I arrive and find the first hour in my room that my bags got switched somewhere along the way (I thought it was at the airport, it turns out it was the shuttle van driver who gave my bag to someone else.)  After a frantic, unrewarding $40 cab ride to the air-port and back, I am waiting in the casino for own bag.As I am sitting at a slot machine utterly exhausted. I turn my head for one second, only to turn back and see that my purse is gone! I get up and look down the isle. I see a large stumbling man with either a large leopard tumor under his shirt or my purse. I start screaming at the top of my lungs "stop thief!" Does anyone stop the thief? What do you think? This is a HUGE casino supposedly filled to the brim with security watching their gazillions of money from being stolen. But where are they? I am screaming and yelling as I grab the man and grab my purse. I hold on to him so someone can grab him and arrest him. I repeat I am SCREAMING like I have been stabbed 100 times and all the pit bosses and dealers and people at the tables are staring at me and doing nothing! This man could have a gun or a knife! How liable would the casino be then if he stabbed or shot me?So the guy slowly and I mean SLOWLY meanders out of the casino, like he has a hankering to gamble somewhere else. I am hanging on to him and he is dragging me out of the place. As he drags me out of the door, a real life security guy outside sees our commotion going on and I scream at him "Are you going to fucking do something or what? This man just stole my bag and no one inside is helping me. Help me!!!" He comes up to me and gets the story (this guy isn't even walking away from us. He could care less.)The security guy says "Do you want us to arrest him?" THEN the guy gets a fire under his feet and starts to walk fast and I mean fast. The security guy follows him and yells at me and I say "NO!" Now you are asking me, why did I say no? First of all, I do not plan to sit in a little cramped office in the casino my first night after all I have been through already, filing a police report for hours. After that, I will be called back to Vegas for depositions and a trial. Then the asshole will be let off on probation. Hell no. Not going through all that. And second, I am waaaay more pissed off at the casino now then I am at the guy. He was just being a thief. But they did nothing and put my health and well being at great risk.After this is over, I hear this security guy try to get the story of why no one came to help me from the security people inside. He gets the tape and sure enough sees no one helped me. He does seem angry. He gets me a coke and then...walks away and leaves me! The next three days I try connecting with someone to find out what happens. My last day I finally demand to see head of security.. Guess who it is? Yup, the guy who said I was underage from last year! I emailed a letter to the head of the entire hotel when I got home. He writes back he is "horribly embarrassed" and does hope I will visit the hotel again. That is it!!!! Are you fucking kidding me? That is all you people got? Go screw yourselve
5	The place to be in Vegas, if you want to be seen or want to see!  Great clubs, always a celeb and great gaming options.  The food is pretty good too.  Just too small of a place and too many people.  You'll enjoy it more if you went on a weekday as opposed to a weekend.
2	Here is all you need to know: if you want to stay out and party all night and not sleep in your room, the Palms will suit you. As it turned out, I wanted to get some sleep. The floor that I was on featured two rooms of loud partiers. Security eventually came by and tried to shut them up, but it was a night of restless sleep. Upon checkout I mentioned this to the desk clerk. He was clearly not interested and I think wanted to tell me, "It's the Palms, get over it!" While the rooms aren't terrible, the features of the hotel, including the restaurants, do not make a stay off the Strip worth it.
3	Small, easy to navigate, a good middle-class hotel. Stayed in the "Playboy Tower" which was nice. Within walking distance to the Gold Coast and Rio, but not much else. Ended up here because of the good mid-week rates. Can't say I'm compelled to return for any reason, so will most likely stay elsewhere next time. Highlight: seeing a hooker get arrested in the lobby at 2AM.
1	This place deserves 0 stars. Not only did my Audi get hit by some trailer trash idiot  while it was parked overnight but our grand suite was anything but grand. It sounded like it would be fabulous...having 2 bathrooms, a living room and large bedroom with a king size bed. Well the bed was the most uncomfortable bed I've ever been on. I felt like I was sleeping on a trampoline. The pillows were hard as a rock and the bedding was for a smaller bed. The matress wasn't even covered by the sheets they had on it. When we called housekeeping to tell them. They came up and just put another small sheet on the matress to cover it up. Apparently the hotel can't afford to keep a supply of properly sized sheets. And the comforter didn't have a duvet cover. Once again they used sheets to build a make-shift duvet cover. Furthermore, I was kept up all night hearing the base coming from the club several floors above. And to top off the great Palms experience, I dropped the remote under the bed and when I looked down to find it, I found a used condom under the bed. This place reminds me of the flea bag motels that are in horror movies.p.s. The food in the 24/7 cafe and buffet is terrible. Nove is excellent.
4	I love staying at this hotel. It's considered off strip so don't think you can walk to it from one of the other casino's on the strip. Everyone makes the mistake because the hotel tower is so dang big that it seems close in walking distance, it's not. You will regret it as soon as you get to the overpass at the highway so do yourself a favor and cab it.The place is catered to a younger crowd by having numerous clubs and fine dining. It is home of the Vegas Playboy club, which sounds like a must see, but I thought it was pretty small and felt just like a bar with a few playboy bunnies. I will say it has an awesome view since its at the top of hotel and the same goes for the view at ghost bar.The best thing at Palms is this pool event they call Ditch Fridays. It starts around noon and goes till 5pm and they basically turn the pools into a day club. The pool is covered with hot bodies, women and men, and DJ music is bumping as people are drinking alcohol and dipping in the pool. If you have a room its free admission otherwise its a $30 cover for non guest which I would gladly pay if I wasn't staying there. Come early for that because the lines will get long. Warning drinks are not cheap unless you are fine with paying $9 for a can of Corona.While there I went to Little Buddha for sushi and Gardunos mexican restaurant for some margaritas. Both great and service was nice and attentive. Also ate some breakfast at the coffee shop there and was  not that great because service was slow and not helpful.Other than going downtown to drink and gamble at the casinos on Fremont Street, I pretty much just stayed and partied at this hotel and felt satisfied with my decision. If you have never been to Vegas then try it all but you must put Palms on your list and definitely go to a club here and check out Ditch if you can.
4	Famous for their spam and eggs.  Enough said.
3	This place FELL OFF it was empty when I walked through it Sunday night.. what?? Vegas is never dead like this!!! I love the rooms though and the suites are incredible still. Not as crazy as it used to be I must say. But check out the clubs still sometimes it's poppin AND the views are great!!
4	Palms is definitely a unique resort that is unlike any other.  The Vegas resort caters to the young and happening crowd of Vegas.  The Maloof brothers strategically built a fine resort that caters to the hardcore party goers of Sin City.  The Palms has a number of signature bars, clubs, and parties that have made them infamous around the globe.  Among those being Ditch Friday's, Ghost Bar, Playboy Club and the Hugh Hefner Villas located at the top of the Palms.I'm not a huge club goer, actually, I'm not a club goer at all.  Consequently, my review focuses more on the amenities and services that the Palms offers its guests.  I recently received a comp'd stay at the Palms and took full advantage of it.  The comp'd stay included $100 dining credit at Steak 9 Steakhouse, a cabana at their pool, a slot credit, and three nights on the house.  I checked in quite early and thought it might be a problem; however, I was surprised my room was already ready at 9 a.m.  I checked in and the service representative seemed to be in a mood.  She didn't explain how to get to my room and I had to ask a security officer, who lead me to the elevators.  I headed to the eleventh floor and as I entered the key card, I imagined a room similar to the Wynn or Encore.  I opened the door and I was a little disappointed in the size, quality, and value.  However, the view was spectacular as I had a glorious view of their infamous pool, which looked amazing.The room was a standard deluxe that included two beds, a desk, TV, clock, radio, and a private bathroom.  I was expecting a four star room but instead was a three star room.  As I looked through the welcome envelope, I didn't see any of the credits that I was offered in the mail.  Regardless, I wasn't about to complain and ask where's my free stuff.  I was happy enough with a free room at a four star resort.  Overall, I enjoyed the resort and was happy with my stay, but I was a little disappointed in not trying out the steak house, slots, and cabana as I was originally promised.  As I checked out on Sunday, I headed down to the front desk and asked if I owed anything.  As the woman looked over my account, she asked me why I didn't use my food credit, slot credit, cabana credit, and why i was leaving a day early!!  I replied that I wasn't offered any of those services when I checked in.  She apologized for the lack of communication and did her best to treat me the best she could.  I was extremely disappointed that the service representative that checked me in FAILED to acknowledge all of my complimentary credits and services.  Unfortunately, I had to be back home the next day and could not take advantage of the added day or resort services.A few days later, I received an email from quality control and they apologized for the inconveniences I experienced at check it.  I thought it was kind of them that a person sent a personalized letter apologizing for the incident.  As a result, I still believe the Palms is an amazing resort and is worthy of four stars.
4	Who doesn't like staying at a hotel when its free. So we get a comp'd room at the Palms. We get a deluxe room at the Fantasy tower. The room is pretty modern with its floor to ceiling windows, flat screen tv, comfortable beds and super soft pillows and blankets. One thing it was at times hot as hell in our room. Regardless if we moved the temperature down to 52 degrees it stayed about 73 or so int he room. Crazy. The best part of staying at The Palms was all the perks you get downstairs from front of the Line passes to any of the clubs and if your lucky comps. Great place to stay. Everyone was very helpful.
3	Overrated, its too far off the strip and when I was in there it seemed as if my money wasn't good enough.  Just didn't care for the attitude.
4	I like the Palms a lot.  Here's why:The scale of the place is nice.  It has just about everything you want in a Vegas hotel, but it's not so huge that you waste time trying to find things.  It's easy to get around.  The rooms are nice.  They seem a little bigger than most standard rooms.Being a locals casino by day, the video poker and slot machines seem to be a good bit more generous than what you find at the big strip hotels.Parking is a breeze.  At the new strip hotels, it's often a pain in the ass to get in and out of the place.  Not here.  Very easy to get in and out of.  The pool is nice, and, again, it's not too huge.  Ghost Bar is a great place to have a couple of drinks and check out the top of the Palms view on the outdoor patio.  Tips:This is an off strip property, so bear that in mind if being close to the strip is important to you.  It's an easy drive from the palms to the strip, but walking to the strip is really not an option.  Avoid the pool on Ditch Fridays.  It's douche bag central, and they play mostly horrible rap music at ear splitting volume levels.  If you imagine a sausage fest populated largely by Jersey Shore wannabes, you have a pretty good picture of Ditch Fridays.
1	This place sucks. They sent me what was supposed to be a VIP guest stay with a free room, cabana, spa treatment, VIP club passes, VIP check in, etc, I ended up paying for a room cause this package came with a cracker box room. I should have known to leave as soon as they told me if I needed the rest of my comps I should cell the casino host.  Lol! What a joke. I gave the casino host my biz card 1st night at the ghostbar.  Which we already got in ourselves. He didn't get me anything they had promised or get back to me at all. I was so dissappointed. This is hardly a nice hotel and casino. With all the comps I was supposed to get and didn't and I paid for my the room. Staff was such a bunch of hustlers or punks. I wouldn't even consider complaining. I knew it would get me nowhere, but more upset. They don't clean the rooms welloand they are cheaply furnished.  I will never go here again, ever. My friend was also approached by diamond thief who tried to get away with her ring. Definitely a low class hangout.  I thought there would be some draw or I should go to this place to check it out since it was off the strip. Oh Boy!  I was wrong! This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. This place is for the nieve or people who just don't have a clue.
2	Wow...we had the trip from hell when we went for the 4th of July!! Bad attitudes and horrible service at almost every part of the resort. I did complain though and one of the managers was very kind and helpful and even through in a free cot (which they charge $35 for if you call the front desk and ask them to roll one up for you). I have never experienced such bad service though and definitely will not be staying here the next time I go to Vegas!!
4	this was my very first trip to vegas after i had turned 21!! a friend hooked it uppp and we stayed in a huge suite at the palms.just a note..not to get this confused with PALMS PLACE.. which is the condo complex next to the palms casino.  the suite was awesomely huge, which accommodated our group of 8 girls very well. a lot of people dont like staying here because its so off the strip, but to be honest its not that bad...i find that most people who stay here, party here as well.  the crowd is definitely a lot younger so it feels like its spring break here all the time. we went to the playboy club at the top of the tower, rain, moon, and ghostbar. which were all really fun and if you are guests at the hotel, they treat you really well...at least they did for us, meaning getting in free at all the bars and clubs, and also free drinks! =)   its always fun taking pictures with the bunnies everytime you see them. all in all, a great place to stay but if i had a choice, i would always choose to stay on the strip rather than off.
3	Here's something funny I recently realized; The Palms is the complete embodiment of the 7 Deadly Sins. I don't think any other casino in Vegas comes close.Lust: Pretty much EVERYTHING in this place is twisted around so it has  something to do with sex. Even the pictures hanging on the wall in the buffet and some of the restaurants.Gluttony: A small buffet with not a whole lot going on but still allows people to eat in excess.Vanity: The place is image-obsessed to the point of ridiculousness. Don't fit the conventional Hollywood standards of ~beauty? You can come, but you might not feel welcome.Wrath: OK, I didn't really see much of this....maybe if this was the new place for Boxing matches in Vegas? And then of course the competitive gamblers?Greed: Huge casino which definitely attracts quite a lot of high rollers.Sloth: There's a condo tower attached so there's a good amount of people who literally LIVE at the casino.  Envy: The high rollers with money falling out of their pockets? The celebrities? The women so fine it's unreal? How can anyone NOT feel envious walking through the halls of this modern-day Sodom and Gomorrah?I have a really hyperactive imagination, I know.Anyways, I have stayed here before and the room was pretty damn nice if you asked me. A lot of people give this hotel such a bad rap, but I still loved the room regardless. It was huge, the beds were comfy, the bathroom was very spacious and the view was AMAZING. The hallway was a little creepy, but I read Creepy Pasta and other stuff about the paranormal too much so what doesn't creep me out anymore?For some reason or another, I always find myself at this casino. The movie theater is really nice and holds special events all the time(I saw Moonwalker here on MJ's first birthday after he died.....okay, that sounded kind of morbid). The buffet is largely mediocre with a few random treats I would go out of my way for(hint: if you ever end up at this buffet make sure you taste the bread pudding.....oh god). The 24/7 cafe is overpriced so I've never eaten there. Garduno's is a decent but overpriced Mexican joint. There's a little mall area next to the elevator for the main tower which contains the ~Cosmic Corner and just a bunch of other stores selling crappy stuff.I have to admit, I don't like the place that much, but I always seem to be here. It's pretty much the only movie theater anyone I know seems to ever be interested in going to so I guess I don't have much of a choice. It holds a strange nostalgic value for me though, I can imagine myself still regularly visiting the place 30 years from now.
4	I had a very nice stay.  My friend and I stayed in the regular standard room with two double beds.  The room was plenty spacious, and the beds were oh so comfortable! The bath supplies were Aveda, and they even had Axe body spray for the guys! Our view from our room was nice, the hallways were nice, and access to everything was very easy.  I also liked that they had a food court in the hotel...I think we ate at McD's  everyday! They also have a Nathans Hot Dogs, Italian Pizza, a Coffee Bean, a Yogurt place, and a Movie Theater! I loved most of my experience at Palms except for one minor detail....the pool staff! Bleh, I could of done without them! We went on quiet days, so we didn't have to deal with the commotion of the pool parties...but we did have to deal with attitude from some of the Kiddos they have working @ the pool area!  First, we found out we could not bring in food...so the guy told us we can sit to the side and eat our McDs..that was fine, he was nice about it.  The next day, they tell us that we can bring our coffees but not our water bottles in...so, we didn't want to throw away our water bottles we just bought so they saved them for us...okay, fine...but when we came back to get them when we left...the little punk in the booth made  comment that he though was funny, but my friend and I didn't think so so much...not very professional...punk, I'm not throwing away my bottle of water!  Anyway, the next day, we thought we'd be sly, and hide our water bottles in the bottom of our bags....well, he straight reached his hand all the way in our purse and was searching around....dude was not joking around!  So point of the story,,,they r super strict about bringing in outside food or water! Unless, of course, it's coffee!??? Whatev!
4	I have always liked the Palms. It's off the Strip (but still really close unless you plan on hoofing it) which is a plus for me, as a local. I have had some pretty fun experiences there, from concerts to nights at the clubs. The Pearl is without a doubt the best place to see a concert, ghostbar has such amazing views of the city and Rain is always a blast. It's also a very nice looking casino. This weekend I had the pleasure of staying at the Palms for the first time. I called in a favor at work to get a discounted rate of $200 for a Saturday night. There was a huge event that night at the Palms (Playboy's Midsummer Night's Dream party) so the place as packed and rates at a premium. Check in is 3, and we really weren't sure what to expect in terms of a wait so we decided to get there a little early. I arrived first and found no line at check in. A friendly employee had room keys in my hand by 2:30. The room was nice, our two queens beds were VERY comfortable. Tv was on the small and old side but watching tv in Vegas is such a waste of your time and money so no biggie. We only turned it on to listen to the music channels while we were getting prepped for the evening. The complimentary Aveda shampoo and conditioner in the room was divine. Water pressure was crazy strong. We had a view of the pool which looked pretty packed, but we didn't actually check it out due to my fresh tattoo and the early closing time (the event was being held at the pool so they needed time to set everything up). We only stayed one night so I can not comment on housekeeping, other then to say our room was clean and we had everything we needed when we arrived.Every employee I dealt with during my stay was great. I dropped a bag when I was walking up to my room and a girl working a little drink booth quickly offered assistance. The bartenders were very cordial and poured strong drinks. Valet attendants were quick and asked if I needed directions when I was leaving. Even the bouncers at the event weren't being totally douchey to the guy I saw getting kicked out of the event that wouldn't stop trying to dance with every woman that walked by (I don't know if they were employees of the Palms or employees of another company brought on for the event though). Overall, we had a GREAT stay. I would be happy to stay at the Palms again.
4	Stayed at the Palms last weekend.  How could I turn away a $49 dollar rate?!  It was so well priced that I invited my old nanny to come along and brought the kids (1 and 3 years).  I know, "who bring their kids to Vegas?!"  Even more embarassing, who drives their kids to Vegas and valet parks the minivan?  ( HAHAHA..   man, how 5 years can really change a man. - but I digress)Decided to come out to the hotel. I never really liked the Palms because I tend to like to gamble. This is a hotel where you do NOT want to gamble. This is a hotel to come to relax, drink, party people watch, and head to the spa. Why do I say this?  Because the Palms attracts young and beautiful women, which in turn attracts young dumb guys. Neither of these  2 types of people know how to gamble worth a damn and will invariably mess you up at the 21 table.  ( thanks again to the guy who cost me $800 on one hand by taking the dealers bust card when she was showing a freaking SIX).  Don't gamble here unless you are totally ok with just socializing with good looking people and losing money doing it.  I guarentee you will. But what is nice about this boutique hotel is that its not so huge that it takes forever to get things done. Want the bell desk, he is up in 5 mins, picking  up your car at valet, 5 mins again. Forget your bag in the car, call for it to be brought up.  I also found out that they have a Place called Kids Quest there. You can bring your kids and they will watch them for you for up to 5.5 hours. Not bad at only 7 bucks/ hour. We were able to give our nanny some time off and she was able to enjoy the spa as well. The kids quest place is awesome. My kids didnt want to leave. Video games, food and everything else a kid would want to do. Ok, someone stole our stroller here, so that threw a damper on one of my club nights dealing with the cops, but that wasnt there fault. The rooms were really nice. We got 2 ajoining rooms so it was super convenient.  Clean, modern and comfortable. Make sure to check your bill for extras, cuz when you pick up the huge box of condoms next to the peanuts to read it, bingo, it shows up on your bill. Eye candy galore, gorgeous people, great breakfast buffet (7 bucks) and super great rates make for a great hotel stay.  Highly recommended
3	Hotel/casino located just off the strip (albeit it's a 25 minute walk, longer in the heat), this place boasts multiple slots (some of the best-paying, based on a 2001-2002 survey/test) and some table games and a small poker room and sportsbook. They have a buffet, spa, pool (nice), two towers (we stayed in the older Palms Tower, not the newer Fantasy one), a Tex-Mex, diner, N9ne Steakhouse, Ghostbar, Moon, and the Playboy Club. A kids center and a McDonald's in the food court tops it off, leaving plenty of food for all budgets.You can almost stay here exclusively without leaving, it's about that good.Rates aren't bad, and the crowd is a mix of fun younger people, couples, and older guests. They were shooting a Rascal Flatts video here while we came, so they had a bunch of scantily clad girls pretending to play craps and line up at the door.Check out is 11a, but talk to a host, they can help you.
5	Amazing place! My husband and I stayed 3 nights, we were upgraded to a suite and it was SWEET! Living area with separate bedroom. There were 2 bathrooms, one with jacuzzi tub! We also had a 360 degree view! We were also given hotel coupons when we checked in good for The Ghost Bar, buffet, and Playboy Club. We didn't experience them all, but enjoyed having the coupons incase we wanted to. There are many options for food/drink and shopping. LOVE, LOVE,  LOVED it!  It was a great room at an amazing hotel! We will stay there again!
5	Great value... true non-smoking room. Great staff. Good room service food.
5	We stayed at the Palms Friday and Saturday nights, August 20 and 21. Everything was so outstanding, we barely left the hotel at all. We went to Moon Friday night, the pool party Sat, 9 Steakhouse and Ghostbar Sat night, and then Gardunos for the breakfast buffet Sunday. It was an incredible trip!!! I highly recommend The Palms.The service was excellent and the staff was very responsive.  The room was clean and comfortable.  We had a Deluxe Room with 2 queen beds.  The view from Moon on the roof of the Palms of the strip is AMAZING!  The Sunday brunch at Gardunos is only $18 and includes unlimited margaritas...  dangerous!  ;)I wish there had been an iPod player in the room, so we could pump music before going out.
5	Ok this place is siiiikkkk... I've never stayed here and for the 1st time I stayed onthe 53rd floor in a penthouse with 2 rooms hahahahaha it was effing dope!... the intrior was contemporary and well kepts up..... it had all the bells and whistles. The waitress' that work there are pretty hot and the dealers are all nice. Only regret.... I should have gotten my players card on Friday and not Sunday! The next time I stay there I'll be in a playboy suite....whats up!?!?!?!?!?
1	With all the hype about The Palms Hotel, I was utterly disappointed!  First, the rooms look like motel rooms.  Just a small box with no pizazz.  The sink in the bathroom didn't drain and the handle on the shower broke off.  There was no magnified mirror in the bathroom.  The TV was a small 32" tube.  The worse part was the top of the Armoir/TV stand; it was so dusty and dirty and had trash on it that God knows how long its been there.I will never stay at the Palms again.  I did have friends who stayed at Palms Place that had much nicer rooms/suites.  But after this experience I won't be staying at Palms or Palms Place in the future.I'll be staying at Aria next time!!!!.
1	Ghetto! My friends wanted to stay here so I agreed. Only good thing about the place is the fast food court area, which makes it even more ghetto.If you want a ghetto hotel to stay at then stay at The Palms. A movie theater in a las vegas hotel? Food and restaurant choices were horrible, gambling was ok even though I lost money. Pay the extra $$ and stay somewhere nicer near the strip... The hotels atmosphere is dead.One last thing... the nightlife sucked too.
3	Stayed here for 1 night (Thursday). Had a corner room in the Fantasy Tower. Good: Huge wall-to-wall, ceiling-to-floor windowsModern decorVery spacious1 small couch, 1 large chair, and 1 regular chair BEAUTIFUL view of the stripHas a 24/7 cafe downstairsHas a lit closetBad:Small bathrooms No iPod deckNo clock radio / alarm clock Air conditioning felt like the hotel turned it off in the morningMakeup mirror is attached to the bathroom wallBad lighting in the bathroomHad to manually turn on some lights (rather than a wall switch)Had to manually open/close drapes (no switch)Shower curtain instead of glass doorsNo separate bath tubNo door separating the toilet from the rest of the bathroomThis is an ok place to stay compared to other major hotels in Vegas. The best part was that they gave us a corner room with 2 windows that took up the whole wall. For ladies that like to get ready, you won't like the bathroom. I was also surprised when we called the front desk to ask them for an iPod deck or clock radio of some sort. They said NONE of the rooms have any! WTF?!I think it's comparable to Planet Hollywood.
5	Stayed on the 28th floor of the Fantasy Tower. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was marshmallowy and delicious. The bathroom was more like a grotto...it was gigantic and included a luscious and large jacuzzi tub. We really enjoyed the room and our whole stay.
4	I can only vouch for the parking lot and The Pearl Theater, where I spent most of my time attending the Matador 21 music fest. Great sound system, very comfortable seating and really not a bad seat in the house and the standing room area was just fine too. The best place to see all your favorite bands play! And so we wouldn't miss out, they even piped all the performances into the bathrooms. The parking was easy, there's a food court right inside the entrance if you don't have the time for a buffet, plus there's a sonic burger right across the street!
3	Stayed here during Halloween weekend due to an incredible deal  which came out to $49/night for Friday and Saturday and $29/night for Sunday.I got in late Friday around 1030-11pm (kinda drunk from delayed flight + double fisting on plane) No check out line and within 5 min had my keys. The room was nice, nothing fancy, just your usual room located in the Fantasy tower (the newer one).  The food court downstairs has a McDonalds, Nathan's, Panda Express, a Pizza joint, a Froyo spot, and a Coffee Bean.  Nothing special but it gets the job done for the early morning coffee or quick bite.The casino itself is a bit small compared to the rest of the mega hotels. It wasnt crowded at all even during Halloween weekend partially due to it being off the strip.  Overall it was a decent stay, only gripe is that i had to call multiple times to get my room serviced but besides that, no complaints.  Will be back only if I can get a killer deal again.
4	My sister and I had my sisters bachlorette party here and I have to say "WOW" the view, the room, the bathroom was just perfect! We picked this hotel since it 's close to the strip and my sister is a huge fan of Playboy. Since Playboy club is at the Palms it just seemed convenient. As we entered the room there was a small cute kitchen with a huge fridge, cute little dishwasher, the floors were black with carpet in the bedroom and living room, the tub was in a weird spot (located in the bedroom next to the sliding door), two balconies, the bathroom has three showers in one (crazy, but awesome), and an extra half bathroom. The view is so perfect because we were facing the strip! Overall, the experience here was great. Housekeeping, front desk, bell desk, and valet were all helpful.
4	I have a soft spot for the Palms because I won $1000 dollars here once on a penny slot. You can last longer on slots here than the properties on the strip. I also like it because it caters to the locals. I still have a lush blue long robe that they were giving away for being in their Players Club. I always get a booklet from them for discounts on their buffets, restaurants , movie theater and for free play. One thing to remember if you swipe your players club card and you win food credits or free play you can't use it the same day. You have to come back the next day and use it. The vibe here feels a little more personable and sometimes you can see the owner of the place walking around ....working of course. I love the fact that this place has a Famigila in the food court their garlic knots are to die for!
4	3-stars for the sports book: Kudos to the bartender here for humoring us to put on Harvard-Yale (no kudos to Yale football) with only minimal ridicule, to myself for resisting the temptation to bet on Cal at home, and to one romantically challenged patron for giving us all his drink comps, but the social mores of the other patrons were too divergent from our own to be able to really settle in here.
2	The casino area is kinda jenky ... reminds me a lot of Viejas with all the dark corners hahahaYou feel gloom and doom as you enter the casnio.. the only lights and glitz were from the McDonalds sign inside the casino. I've never seen a craps table where people ONLY bet don't pass! and saying "seven!" as you throw the dice.  Man definitely bad news!  Good bye... and.....good riddance haha
2	I used to like you Palms.  But I think we have to break up. It wasn't very nice of you to charge my card for a deposit on a non smoking room and then shove me in a dingy, smoking optional room in the old tower when I arrive.  I used to sell mortgages so I know all about the bait and switch.  I also know that for what you charge I can get a better experience elsewhere.  And the Ghost Bar kinds sucks these days.  But you know what?  I was still going to check it out until you tried to charge me a $30 cover at 3 am.  Come on.  That's just silly.  I wish you well, Palms, but I think we're better off just being friends.  No more overnights.
3	I like going to Palms to chill and hangout.  It's a great off the strip place. :] The casino is decently clean.  It's not something super spectacular - you definitely feel it is a little more musty than some of the on strip casinos. I tried playing roulette, but it was super crowded.  Funny enough, the slot machines were pretty readily available...as in, it was practically dead elsewhere on the floor. O.o Is it just me, or is there some slot section that's super secret that I don't know about? They have two popular & poppin' spots - the Ghostbar, where you can see the casino through the floor (whaaat?!) and the Playboy club.  I have yet to fully enjoy either, but I hear it's pretty cool. Overall, if you're looking to simply relax and get away from the congestion of the strip, Palms is one of the best off strip casinos. :] It's also conveniently located to Sonics - whose food I have not had, but slushees I've definitely added a kick too. ;] Yummmm!
1	Horrible buffet. Roast beef was dry, fruit was old. Limited desert selection. A couple items were ok like pork egg rolls, salisbury steak.
5	I have to update my review after yesterday's awesome win at the Palms. I had relatives in town who of course instead of going with the "sight seeing plan" they  wanted to gamble all weekend. We went to The Orleans, Tropicana, MGM, and New York New York ... I had no luck at any of them. I lost a lot of money that I thought I had no chance of seeing again. I went to the Palms to pass time before dropping my cousin off at the airport and I won all my money back! Yes! This rarely happens to me!
5	Palms has one of the most youthful, vibrant and visually stimulating collection of clubs and lounges in Las Vegas.Their foray into the dance/trance scene began with Paul Oakenfold's residency at Rain, their flagship night club. It now plays host to annual weekend-long semi-massives with the last headlined by Armin Van Buuren.I usually angle for their all access pass, which enables me to get my pre-party on at Ghostbar, straight rock out at Rain, followed by a wind-down at Moon and the Playboy club.It's well known within the trance community that all-access VIP passes can be secured at very reasonable rates at ticketing outlets such as wantickets.com. So unless you actually enjoy waiting in the GA line for hours and pay full cover to gain entry into just one venue, you're well advised to profit from this advice.
3	Drink service while playing slots on floor is real slow, besides that great ambiance and lots of eye candy..
5	I've read a lot of bad reviews, feel as if I missed something by frequenting the Palms so much and not received bad service...am I not as special as the others? The Palms definitely for the youthful and youthful at heart. Five Club options, Theatres, concert Venue, and shuttles towards all the strip clubs leave no stone unturned for entertainment. My point about the service stems from this, if you don't act young at heart, you will be left behind here. I've seen so many people go from young at heart to straight up childish. For example, group is upset about not getting into Rain because one of their members is not dressed the part. Instead of pleading quietly and maybe getting an exception (I have before, wore black dunk lows because my leather shoes were covered in friend's vomit, calmly discussed situation and was allowed back in) to which group decides to start throwing a fit, throwing chairs, and pulling down the lines. I've seen this ALOT so I assume most people fall under this category when it comes to bad service.Now the rooms here aren't very spacious BUT the decor of the rooms are what keep me coming back. Dark, muted, modern but extremely comfortable. Also the fantasy rooms are epic, I've been in the Barbie Room...don't ask but the short version is I got invited up. The front desk is very well managed and quick in my experiences. Room service and cleaning crew are extremely fast with requests...at 3am. I recommend the Palms to everyone who party hard and need a soft bed to nurse that hangover the day after. ^_^
4	Just a quick review:I don't gamble much, but when I gamble here, 5 out of 6 times (I've gambled here) I walked out with profit :)I wish I knew what machines I was actually playing so that I could recommend it to those who are interested, but I normally play just on two kind of machines.Hot spot: near the exit across from the food court. (that's where I would be lol)
2	I'm not impressed.  The casino has average action, but it feels clean.  Its association with Playboy keeps the casino full of pervs, and the women almost beg for you to stare at them.  Only problem is: again, I'm not impressed.  There's far better action to be had at the Bellagio, and the casino & hotel facilities are far better.  This place tries to appeal to the trendy crowd, but it lacks class.
3	I remember coming here in high school, and everyone loved the place! Real World shot their season here, all the bars were the place to be, all the Playboy things happened here, and they had a bomb ass new movie theatre.I went back again last night, and I saw that this place was soooo rundown and filled with ghettoness. SIgh. Gone down hill. It's really hard to stay on top of the game while other mega modern casinos keep popping up all over the place.
5	I would love to tell you all about this place, but I can't... there's just too much to say!This was my first time in Vegas and I couldn't have chosen a better place to stay.  This place is sexy.  A very youthful crowd, if not by age, by attitude.I enjoyed that it's off the strip, not a lot of people just randomly walking in because they have nothing better to do with their time.I'm getting a headache trying to think of all of the things that I want to tell you, so I'm going to stop.  Here's what I will say, though:  If you want to come to Vegas and party your balls off, this is the place to do it.  You really have to go out of your way to not have fun here.
1	Crowd at the palms sucks big time. avoid, head to much classier venues like Cesars or Bellagio.
2	One word that comes to mind when describing The Palms: old.   Right as you walk in it reeks of smoke.  I am well aware that all the casinos do but The Palms is so smoked through it's in the walls, carpet and everywhere. I booked it last minute on Expedia and the deal was great so I can't really complain.  I would be really unhappy if I had actually paid full price for anything there.Some obvious pointers: It's off The Strip.  Yes, I knew that before hand but 12 dollars (or 15 if paying with a credit card) for a taxi is a lot if you are going back and forth between the hotel and pretty much the rest of Vegas. The bell boys in the front didn't bother to open the door for me.  I wasn't hoochied out and was carrying a toddler in my hands so may be I wasn't the one they care to serve.  But with my hands full I would have certainly appreciated it. The check in and check out was great.  The lady and man were friendly and even messed up the charges in my favor.  Thank you. very much.    On a serious note, I liked that for 30$ we could extend our check out time from 11 to 4 pm, that made a really nice difference.Bistro Buffet (1 breakfast included during your stay for 2 people) was totally disgusting.  I mean completely GROSS.  The only one that ended up eating was my son and that's 'cause he doesn't care what to stuff himself with, he goes for anything that resembles food.  Everything was old (it was at 8 am so you think it'd be fresh) and over fried.  Margarita Cerveza Tequilla Bar made some very delicious strawberry margaritas.  The crowd here is not your A-lister.  I remember coming here to party a few years ago and club Rain was the spot to be.  On this visit we skipped it all together even though we had free passes to get in.   The line was long and let's just say... not classy. Kids Quest is an awesome child care service on site (read my review) and would be the sole reason I'd ever stay here again.
4	This has been my default casino since I moved here 5 years ago. Its literally 5 minutes from home. Not sure why it has taken this long to write anything about it. Can't really give a report about it so I'll just do random notes. - My wife hasn't gambled here all that much in the past 2 years yet she still gets monthly coupon offers, free slot play/pulls, the Palms tchotchkes when they give them out in summer like beach towels and travel bags and occasional offers for events like the World Championship of Ping Pong (I'm all over it!!). So its cool that Mr. Maloof really makes a great effort to reach out to the locals. - The Mint Lounge is my go to place to meet people for drinks in the casino area since there are almost always seats there and hotter bartenders. - After one late night, my buddy was too wasted at 7am to drive home to Aliante so he opted to sleep at one of the driving video game machines in the arcade til 4:30pm that afternoon. No one bothered to wake him up. So that's a cheaper alternative to getting a room fyi :) - The coin-op car wash on the 1st floor of the east side garage used to accept Chuck E Cheese tokens up until about a year ago. That was the best cheap carwash ever. I'm sure some Palms staff member has a happy kid with a gillion tokens for skeeball. - Brendan Theaters is in dire need of an update. - The Pearl is the best concert venue in Vegas. -Most of the Fantasy Tower suites are still great as are the 2 bedrooms at Palms Place. - The pool bar at Palms Place is an awesome spot to hang in the summer. Super chill.
4	We stayed at the Palms hotel for a couple nights while in Vegas. This was my first visit to the Palms and I was excited just because the Playboy club is close by and I wanted to see some bunnies! Overall I thought the Palms was pretty cool. The set up was a bit confusing, because the check-in area was not as organized. It wasn't clear which area was for check-in, I ended up having to ask if I can check in, they weren't helpful at all. The room itself was okay. I loved the views. The bed was comfy, but a bit small. The one thing that was amazing was the bathroom!! It was huge and spacious. I loved it. Especially with 4 girls staying in one room, the extra large bathroom was great for getting ready to go out and then hot water foot soaks at the end of the night. I think of this hotel as the alternative hotel...there's a tattoo parlor there which is always a cool touch. If I was drunk enough, I'd probably get more tattoos, and if your staying at the Palms it's right there! Easy access. Your connected to the Playboy Club and Moon. Both are fun and cool to dance and see Bunnies! Also they have the Star Wars Slot Machine! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggSo I give it an extra star just because of this kick ass slot machine.
3	I usually adore the Palms. I used to work there (Hart & Huntington) and met several best friends there. It's a warm fuzzy place to me. A warm fuzzy place where I met Suge Knight. However, Saturday night at the Palms sucks for everything aside from people watching. Being on a guest list for Moon equals waiting in a giant line of 500 other people who are also on said list. I say stick to the Center Bar where the people are cooler and you can hear each other talk.
1	This review is for the players club.   I played here on a day when they had their list of crappy things you can win when you play slots or vp, so I sat down at a vp machine and started playing 50 cent job.  Mind you, the machine I was at was treating me pretty good and I had my eye on a $50 visa gift card for 4700 points.  For hours I played, not sure if I was going to make it, but I finally got there.  Went up to the promo desk, swiped my card, and lo and behold, for their promo, I had 0 points!  The guy at the promo desk told me to go to the players club.  The girl there went to the back and got a list of machines that were not eligable for this promo.??!!??!  And, you guessed it, my machine was on it.  WTF?  She said multi-denomination machines were not allowed and there should have been a sticker next to the card slot saying so.  So as I am walking back to the machine I was playing on, I was looking at all the other machines, and NOT ONE had a sticker, and THEY WERE ALL MULTI-DENOMINATION MACHINES!!  So when I got to the machine I was playing on, in teeny tiny print underneath the card slot in a single line that I could'nt read without putting on my reading glasses was the disclaimer.  Of all the machines I walked past, this was the only bank that had those disclaimers.  How lame and why these machines in peticular?  Apparently, when you can finally find vp with a good pay schedule, you are not allowed to win on it.  Beware of this if you ever do the Palms play for crappy prizes days.
4	The Palms is our favorite hotel to stay at when we are in Las Vegas.I know a lot of people are complaining that it is a bit out of the way and far from the Strip, but this is WHY we enjoy coming here!  It's away from the main stream tourist areas, yet it's not so far away that we can't get there via car or taxi should we want to partake in the main Strip activities.Also, the crowd at the Palms is a bit younger and lively and we enjoy that.Basically you get a crowd that is in Las Vegas to have a few drinks, pull a few slot machines and have  some fun without having to go out too far.The hotel is nice and clean, the rooms are very comfy and usually come with a good view.  I also love that there seems to be less smoke in the casinos, maybe that again has something to do with the crowd that is there.  (Don't get me wrong, there is of course some smoke, but it's not nearly as bad as it gets in some casinos).  Although the hotel is large, it's not so big that you can't find your way around.  It's nice being able to locate the areas you want to go to without needing Google Map!The restaurants @ the Palms are good. We love the buffet there (I've reviewed that one too), their 24 hr cafe has some good entrees and we did visit the Chinese restaurant there as well once, and although it's a little pricey, the food there was excellent! The casino is nice, we usually walk away on the plus side actually, what dollars are concerned.  (Then again, we know when to walk .... hehe.... ). Quite a good variety of slot machines, the comps are also pretty nice and they frequently have promotions going where you can score goodies like sports bags & shirts etc.So... if you're looking to be in the middle of Las Vegas, where you can step out and see the sights right outside your doorstep, the Palms is not for you.  However, if you want to get away from the tourists a little and stay somewhere that's a little more quiet (in terms of wandering tourists that is... there are two night clubs there, as well as some cool bars, so there's plenty of action), then the Palms is the place to be!  It's our hotel of choice and we've learned the hard way not to stray from it ;-)
4	Palms is nice depending on what you decide to book and for this I'm giving them a 4-star simply because you can choose to book at Palms Place and get a fantastic experience on the cheaps with just a short drive to the strip.Some benefits of staying here includes a break on your wallet since things are a little bit cheaper as they are compensating you for being off strip. The ghost bar is really pretty cool and their club scene is far less snob and stuck up than a few blocks down towards the strip. The rooms in the Palms aren't as nice as in Palms Place but you can get a cheaper room to stay in at the Palms and still get the luxury feel of perhaps a 4-star hotel on the strip. It never hurts that Britney has her own spot here ... but it's not really like you can get to it.
3	We got a great discounted rate here.  The standard room is... well, standard. I hear their suites are amazing.  I like that their is a movie theatre in the lobby. Stay AWAY from the frozen yogurt. Was NOT good. LIke that you get a pile of coupons when you check in. I don't know if we'd stay here again... probably? Depends on how good a deal we can get...
3	This review is based solely on the breakfast buffet. The breakfast buffet was limited . Eggs ,omelets , sausage , bacon, eggs benedict probably the most exciting item. They had the reg breakfast baked goods .  For about 9 bucks per person it was a solid breakfast nothing special the few items they had was prepared well. Service prompt
4	I stayed at the Palms this past week for the first time with my best friend.  Wow I was impressed.  We stayed on the 52nd floor.  What a view!!! I highly recommend the Palms just for the view.  Great room and very modern room and comfy beds.  I really enjoyed the breakfast buffet.  We had a $1 off coupon and was very affordable.  Actually the only thing that was affordable.  Be careful when looking in the fridge, you will get charged for taking something out and looking to see what it is.  But just talk to the front desk and they are more than willing to take it off.
2	I went to Vegas for 1 night (Sunday night) for my company and Palms was the chosen one.  I took my friend with me too because work was only a small part of the day.  I had the standard room.  First of all, I have stayed in vegas for many times in various hotels, from 4 Queens in downtown to the suite at the Venetian.  I was not impressed at all given that this is a 4-star hotel.  I had better luck at the 4 Queens.We arrived the hotel at around 11am in a limo.  No bell boys or anybody at the door to help with my luggage. Thanks for my limo driver for holding the hotel door for me.  We took my suitcase and stuff to the lobby.  Right away, I saw the big MTV spring break week.  I thought it was going to be a good time tonight.  Got to the front desk and was told no room was available because check-in time was not until 3pm.  I was bumped because I had no makeup on yet and now forced to walk around vegas until 3.  They said they would give me a call when the room's ready and probably around 2pm.  So I was like "Fine, I will put makeup on in the restroom here and just go have lunch on the strip."  Took my luggage to the bell desk, so did everybody.  A line was formed by college kids (probably for the mtv event) where everybody brought a week load of drinks and food.  By food I mean like couple of coolers for each person, from yogurts to canned food, chips, alcohol, and more chips and alcohol.  Finally got out of the hotel and arrived at the Bellagio at 12:30pm!  I was tired (early flight) and starving.  So we had lunch at the Olives, did what I came here for, did some shopping at the Forum shops, bought my Lion King tix, had a light meal at Max Benner.  It was already 4:30 with no calls.  I was getting annoyed and decided to go back to the hotel and yelled at them.  On the way to the hotel, they finally called me at 4:45 and said the room was ready!  Got to the hotel again, lots of drunk college girls in bikinis and boys stalling and yelling.  Got to my floor, right away saw the vending machine and ice machine was out of order (where do I get my water now?).  A cleaning lady was still working on this floor.  Got to the room, it was dated and did not have a desk.  There was a full length mirror with no lights above it  (BAD design), no magnifying mirror in bathroom.  But the bathroom was huge.  Called up the housekeeping for slippers but never brought to the room.  We told ourselves it was only 1 night.  So we let all the negativities go and started to get all dolled up for tonight while watching the Real Housewives of OC.  When we got back down to the lobby, no more bikinis but skimpy dresses.  We looked like an old fart because we both wore a knee high dress (we are still in mid 20s!).  Whatever.  Got to the taxi line, heard a bunch of girls asking some interesting questions like "do I need cash to take the cab?", "can I pick what cab to hop on?" etc.  Got back to the hotel around 1130 and there was a huge line for the Ghostbar.  So I kindly asked if I could skip a little bit of the line because I was a guest here.  She replied, "No, this is a popular club.  Everybody needs to get in the line."  We were so bumped because we were asked to get in The Bank for free.  But we passed that because we had faith in the Palms.  We ended up going to the 24 hour cafe and ate.  The food was decent.  It was quiet and peaceful compared to all the yelling and drunk flirt outside.  The server was very nice too.Overall, it was not a good experience.  The floor plan was hard to navigate (I couldn't find the concierge).  Staff was not helpful nor trying to be (when asked for direction, they would just point and say nothing, no "thank you" or any form of greetings).  I have no plans to stay there again.
3	Headed out to Vegas for a work thing with my coworkers and we got a great deal here - only $55 a night.  My room was fine and the hotel had great restaurant options.  The staff were nice and I thought the hotel was centrally located between the strip and our office.  We had a great time in the Moon night club and Ghost Bar.  I would stay there again because the price is right.
4	One of my favorite casinos in Vegas.  This place has it all.....great nightlife, awesome food, decent rooms, pool parties, movie theater, celebrities, locals, food court, convenient parking, awesome view of the city from the rooftop of two clubs.....what more could you ask for?  Seriously?Whenever someone asks me "I'm coming to Vegas for the 1st time, where should I stay?"....the Palms is at the top of my list of recommendations.  It is the perfect example of a Vegas Experience.Return Factor - 98%
5	ive never had a bad time here at this casino.its trend is toward a younger crowd. maybe 21-45.  casino smells nice. tables are lower limits even on a Saturday night. pit boss and dealers are friendly. waitresses are hotcafe has reasonable prices. i recommend the kobe beef meatloafSaturday night the place gets filled with good looking girls going to Rain, Moon, and the Playboy Club. rooms are reasonably priced. much better bargain than the other casinos.
3	A decent place to come see the young crowd. I would rather go to Aria, Hard Rock, or Cosmo first. A little small and I really wish there were more locals offers here. For a place off the strip I never go unless I am meeting someone here but it would be an easy go-to place if it had some offers. ++Bathrooms are dirty and old, I would give it 2 stars++
2	This is definitely the place to be if you are in your 20s because the night life is AWESOME... However, the rooms are ancient and overpriced, I would definitely just visit, and stay somewhere else... You have to pay for everything! I swear the chairs would collapse underneath you if you don't deposit a money on the hour every hour.  You have to pay for Internet....you have to pay $25 for gym access-but apparently you can talk your way down. Finally, you don't get a discount in their clubs for staying in their rooms (during the week you are allowed free access, but the weekend is what most people come for).
5	I didn't even have an exceutive suite and our room was still amazing. Only 2 drawbacks I could ever concieve of was that its not ON the strip and they only have 2 shuttles at odd times like 5 and 10...? Beyond that, Palms was superb in every sense of the word. No lie, the clubs were perfect, and I rarely use that word to describes products and services(I'm one of THOSE people). Truly though, the staff was helpful and we had a fantastic time in the 4 clubs there. Highly recommend. The Casino area is decent too
5	The hotel was very clean and super comfy, We got upgraded instantly, and the staff was amazing with the amount of crap they were getting from 4 young ladies who didn't go through the proper channels to book a room. The buffett was one of the best I have ever been to in vegas and the winning didn't hurt neither.
1	Sigh.  I had what I initially thought were realistic expectations of this four-star hotel - above average customer service and above-average rooms.  However, reality showed me quite the opposite from the moment we checked-in.To start off the story:  my consecutive hotel stays at The Palms and Rio were booked via Vegas.com on January 11, 2011 (over three months in advance).  Initially, I reserved the room at The Palms from March 31 (Thursday) to April 3 (Sunday).  On January 13, 2011 (two days later), I changed the reservation to start at April 1 (Friday) instead, and also added on one night at Rio (check-in on April 3, Sunday).When I checked in at the Palms on Friday, April 1, I was told that they were actually expecting me on Saturday, April 2, and that I would have to wait about 10 to 15 minutes until the Manager called up Vegas.com to sort the situation out.  Right after I was told this, I turned around to gather my carry-on luggage... and it was gone.  As it turns out, some overzealous bellman thought that my suitcase (despite being no more than one foot away from me) was abandoned property and turned it into security.  Imagine my (unnecessary and avoidable) panic - why didn't bell desk just ask me or my friend (who was standing right next to me the entire time) about it?Fast forward about 30 minutes after my initial encounter with the front desk (I had to waste extra time at security to reclaim my lost suitcase).  The staff member at check-in who had helped us the first time was nowhere to be found.  Bad bad bad.  To make things worse, we ended up with a sassy male employee who was unhelpful when I asked about the "Free Breakfast and Spa Passes promotion" which I was supposed to receive when booking at the Palms via Vegas.com.  I asked him about it and he pretty much insinuated that Vegas.com was supposed to take care of it and give me some sort of "confirmation" - so I showed him an e-mail which contained both my hotel itinerary and the promotion info.  However, he still didn't budge and just continued to just check us in (i.e., get rid of us ASAFP).  Also... my preference for a smoking room was not fulfilled - so it really felt as if I was just experiencing one bad thing after another.* On a side note:  When I checked in at the Rio two days later, I had absolutely no problem receiving the promotional voucher book that was offered to me via my advanced booking at the hotel via Vegas.com.  I didn't even have to ask for it. *The room was OK.  It was nicer and a bit bigger than The Cal (the first hotel we stayed at during this trip)... but it was super duper dark, even when I turned on all the lights and opened the curtains.  Also, even though our room was located close to the elevator (I hate long corridors), the situation was a Catch 22 - convenient but extremely noisy.  Also, apparently, kind of unsafe.  On Saturday night after the Tiesto concert, we returned back to The Palms just to see security hanging out on our floor's lobby.  Earlier that night, someone had actually knocked out one of the hallway lights closest to our hotel room.  There was glass everywhere!  Ghettttoooo.  A while later that same night, something else happened (in our room).  Let's just say that the beds are pretty high off the ground, and really don't work in favor of a short / ungraceful person like me when trying to get from the bed to the bathroom =(
3	Rooms and bathrooms are large but vey basic. Not a lot of lighting...so it was hard to see in my room...but that's not why you're in Vegas, right?  Service was gracious and very helpful. I had a rental car so access to the strip was easy...but would have been frustrating if no car. Daytime on the strip is much more active, where the Palms is dead during the day.  During the summertime...I'd say go to the pool.  In the winter...visit the Hammam spa.
1	one star cuz ZERO STARS isn't an option here on yelp. this review is mainly for the nightclub moon.  never ever coming back here again. this place needs to get some new bouncers for their clubs and cops for their hotel cuz the ones they have are so dumb. so its my 21st birthday and im finally able to use my own id at clubs now with my older girlfriends.... we came here last night ready to dance the night away at "the moon" night club... we're getting our ids checked and they pull my sister aside. she's 23 and she doesn't need any fake id -_- but the bouncer doesn't believe her id is hers. so he passes the id to another stupid bouncer who passes it to another. asks my sister everything, name birthday address even makes her sign her signature......and then he takes her over to their hotel cops to verify if the id is real. omfg. the cops scan it and confirms its not a fake id....but the dumb bouncers like "yeah they verified that its real but we still dont think its yours. look I've done this for a long time ladies this isnt gonna work here." w.t.f.x1000000000. no apology no nothing! like seriously how frustrating...how do we even argue when its actually her real id??? the bouncers name was Ricky....fire that man!! way to start our night off.
5	Fav hotel in vegas!!!!  Every time i go there I feel like i'm being treated like a king.  Thanks Palms Peeps!
1	This is a review for the club only.I've been to the moon club about a year before and it was totally awesome.when I came back this year for my sisters birthday I went to the line and they pulled me aside....and said my id want me..which was soooo ridiculous because it was me!!! Then they took me to the police...who were just as stupid..so in the end they told me that it want my id soooo me and my girls just left... The palms have the stupidest bouncers ever!!
3	Not the worst Vegas hotel I've ever stayed in, but certainly not the best. The fact that this hotel is so far off the strip really a large inconvenience. (What little money you might save in a deal on a room will most likely be spent on transportation to and from any other location in Vegas.) The rooms are nice. My only complaint with the accommodations happens to be the bathroom sink (whoever designed it has clearly never used one). The pool is beautiful and fun to party at, but there is nothing relaxing about it. It is a continuous pool party with loud music, drunk people, and overcrowded chairs (it's not that this wasn't fun, it's just that it got old after more than a day). Thus for a more relaxing scene we walked over to the Palms Place pool (where there was even less seating, however there was a much chiller vibe). In regards to the night life at the Palms I don't have anything overly positive to say. One night a bunch of friends and I went to RAIN (one of the nightclubs in the hotel) and decided it was one night too many. (I'd give it one star.) The club could use a makeover, both in layout and in the crowd it attracts. Additionally, the music was so boring that we all decided we would rather go to sleep than dance. Subsequently, we ended up going to another club in the hotel called MOON. This club was better than the first but still nothing to write home about. Other than the music there was really nothing special or defining about it. All in all I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you care to do anything other than be inside it.
5	Very nice facility and everyone is pleasant. Plenty of dining options and gaming choices. Will definitely stay there again!
1	Stayed here with a few girlfriends for three nights through Easter weekend. In that time someone stole my Ray-Bans while I was at the bar by the pool...also slipped by the marble surrounding the pool....all in all a lame experience, never going back.
5	The psychic at the Palms, Rowena, is a "must go to". I have personally experienced the jaw dropping effects of what she has told me.  Has it benefit me..YES!  I have even sent friends who could not believe their ears at how accurate she is. She always lets me record her so that i can go home and digest everything she says because i love to go back and listen to my reading and realize everything she said happened! It s best to call her and set up an appt by calling her (702)5263062.
4	Love that the hotel is only a short walk from the valet.  Stayed in the Salon Suite in the Fantasy Tower and the views were gorgeous!!  Hotel staff was able to match an awesome room rate that I had found online and even offered to upgrade us for super cheap.  Ended up paying only $225 total including taxes for 3 nights in a Fantasy Tower Suite!  Had strip views from living room/bedroom and a view of the mountains from bathroom.  Room didn't have a coffee maker that I could find.  Bed was not the most comfortable.  Also, had my first celeb sighting in Vegas - stood next to Brody Jenner at the valet while we waited for our cars.  Definitely more of a party atmosphere than some Vegas hotels though!
5	Stayed here for the first time ever thanks to a pretty cool deal they had called the Swatch deal.We had the most basic room you could get, and yet it was still really nice and spacious. No complaints there!Bathroom was also huge and they're toiletries were AVEDA toiletries. That alone is not cheap. Shower, was great! Best water pressure I've felt in a long time. Bed was comfy. And they also had music channels on the television, which made it fun to get ready.Casino was fun. Pit Boss knew our names and was always super friendly, as were the dealers. And apparently Palms slots do pay lots because my boyfriend one a thousand dollars playing Wheel of Fortune, Lol. Pool was awesome. One of the best pools in Vegas in my opinion.Food selection is great considering all the awesome restaurants that they have (Nove, N9ne, Simon). Would definitely stay here again. Definitely.
4	Palms may be super far off the strip but it's worth of shot especially if you like slots, movies, and a respectable food court! The palms has a nice movie theater, and I think the next time I go to Vegas, I will pick a good time when I like tons of the current movie releases and just watch a ton instead of watching those expensive shows on the strip! The movie theater is right next to an ice cream joint, a pizza joint, Mcds, Nathans, etc! So you can get a quick, cheap meal before you watch the movies or just while you are on the casino floor. I got paid the highest win I ever received so far at Palms! That gives them extra EXTRA points.
5	4.5/5 stars!-0.5 stars for being so far off the strip, but Palms is still an awesome hotel! We haven't stayed here in awhile, but the last time we went, we had such a fantabulous time. We got there around midnight of our check-in date, making check-in quick and painless. When we got up to our room, it looked so dated and smelled like cigars. Since we had requested a non-smoking room, we went back down to the front desk and asked them to change rooms for us. We slipped in there a request for an upgraded room and our guy was more than happy to oblige! We got transferred to the newer Towers and our new room was amazing! It looked so modern and contemporary compared to our original room. The beds were super comfy and plush, the pillows like little golden clouds. The black-out blinds were a true godsend throughout our drunken trip!We got our deal through a promotion so we got free admission to Ghostbar and Rain along with $50 food credit. We went to Ghostbar first, got our drank on, stumbled around and ended up at Rain. By the time the night finished, we were in the cafe satisfying our late night munchies. All in all, it was a great start to our Vegas vacation. It's about $9-12 for a taxi from Palms to the strip so it's not the most ideal place to stay if you're looking to club hop throughout your trip, but truly, I loved our stay at Palms. Our room was always clean and the staff was so friendly. No problems at all here! They seriously won me over with their big white fluffy beds; it was like flopping into a giant marshmallow every night. Amazing.
1	Stayed here before but never again.  We specifically booked here because they advertised NO RESORT FEE.  It turns out a week AFTER we booked, they instituted a totally B.S. resort fee and applied it retroactively.  And all the "resort fee" covers is a VIP pass and a $20 drink credit at the bars -- great for a pair of non-drinkers and non-clubbers.  PLUS, they wanted the outrageous fee of $15 for wi-fi.  Even worse, when we discussed this with a "manager" -- who turned out to be a concierge -- it was like talking to a robot.  This person had had all the life and soul sucked out of him.   If you like  calling up to ask a question of a company and get some computer-generated voice that hinders, rather than helps, you'd love talking to this guy.  When I objected to the resort fee, I declined to cancel the reservation with the desk clerk -- but did cancel it after talking to this cyborg (the concierge)  We ended up staying at The Mirage and had a much better time than I'm sure we'd have had in this place.  I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
3	Definitely a Bud Light/Absolute Vodka kind of crowd.  Not a top flight hotel casino by any stretch of the imagination, in fact, I would rank this very close to the Hard Rock, Flamingo, or a poor man's Planet Hollywood kind of hotel.  It has a older vegas casino vibe to it with not much gaming action.  The high limits room was laughable with 1 or 2 tables and a connecting bar.  I really cannot believe that any celebrity would stay at this hotel unless they were paid to grace the property.  Real young crowd mixed with a locals look.  I guess if you wondered where all the 80s or 90s hotels went, look no further as this one would definitely qualify.  Eats on the cheap with a nice food court of fast food mixed with a few over-priced high end restaurants.  I don't think the $69 steak was worth it or the equally if not higher priced french restaurant is worth that much.I did not stay at this hotel so no comment on the rooms.  It's no wonder why the owners of the hotel are struggling with keeping an NBA team...Maybe a bit harsh but I just was plain disappointed.  It just had a RIO type of feel to it although Rio would might even be better.I kept looking over my shoulder while playing slots...You would definitely feel right at home in jeans and a shirt, a sports jacket would be over kill here.  I was in the casino for 2 1/2 hours and was not even approached by a waitress for cocktails.  Old parking structure with little or non-existent security made me want to run to my car, lock the doors, and peel out of there. Seriously, what's up with all the hype?  It's just dated and in need of a face lift so it's actually good that it's off the strip a little ways (10 min drive).
3	I should have written this awhile ago but here goes. I stayed at the Palms back in March for MTV spring break. Upon arriving in Vegas I thought it was pretty nice. Old but nice (that was until I visited other hotels). There's a movie theater and pretty good food court downstairs. The room was pretty standard. I had a nice view of the bmnew tower and the pool. The bathroom had nice products and it was spacious. It's off the strip. Not too bad though. We walked to the strip one day and we got there pretty quick. The cab was never more than $10.00 not including the tip that EVERYONE expected. There's also a bus stop right in front of the hotel that heads down the strip. When I was there it was full of people In my age group because of spring break lol. After visiting other hotels I felt disappointed. As I said before the hotel seems old. Like it needs to be revamped. I've always wanted to visit Vegas since I was young and I always had dreams of visiting This hotel but it didn't meet MT expectations. I'm planning to return to Vegas this November for my 22nd Birthday but I will not be staying at the Palms. (The huge reason they received 3 stars is because of the service. The staff were beyond helpful!)
2	There are only two reasons to go to The Palms: - The clubs - which are spacious, airy, and hip - The pool - hot girls but the the pool itself is outdatedThe casino isn't that big and kind of plain. The restaurants blow except for the N9NE. The collective lobby feels like a glorified Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville.
5	This was my first time here even though I have been to vegas many times. Palms was interesting in the sense that the only time I have seen it was on MTV the Real World. It was quite an experience and pretty cool setting. The Palms has doesnt really have much of a casino as it is surrounded by a lot of nightclubs and shops. Possibly that is my perception because I only explored one building. This place has a food court but what is open late at night is the McDonalds there which doesnt have much of a selection.
2	Room is OK.  Don't like the fact that my favorite beer is not available at this hotel. Clubs a C-list - they are fine to see once and going a 2nd time sucks. The pool looks nice though.
4	We didn't spend alot of time here when I was in town for the weekend but one thing we did do is go to Ditch Friday at the Palms. It was a blast. Just imagine a club scene but it is during the day and everyone is in the pool. They have performers from time to time and the time we were there they had Bobby Brackin performing. It was alot of fun and I would go back for a third time
4	I came here last night 6.10.11, but it was not as cool as I remember it two years ago. it is not the best to gamble here. I did not go to any of the clubs, but Playboy Club looked like thats where it was last night. Alot of eye candy for the fellas to absorb.  Kind of off the beaten path as they say. I took the shuttle to Gold Coast casino then took forever to cross the street to get here and gamble a little bit. I guess still a nice place to see when you are in town and off course if you have money to blow a nice place to stay for the week.
5	As a local, I've sort of "rediscovered" The Palms.  Hadn't gone in a couple years but now finding it a nice "strip" to visit "off the strip".  The crowd is young and energetic, the gaming is good and the drink prices aren't too bad depending on what your poison is.  $3.50 for a cup of beer ain't bad.If you join the Palms club, you will receive a cool coupon book in the mail.  It has many great offers including $10 in free gaming money for signing up on email.Looking forward to trying the Sunday champagne brunch.
5	HOLY Cactus Batman!!! Im staying at the Palms!!! I tryed to say those words over and over in my mind as Minh D was booking our stay at this hotel. Last minute we deicded to stay an extra day in Vegas (extending our fun filled vacation!!).Check in was at 4:00pm so we got over there as fast as we could to get our room, plus walking around half the day looking at everything Vegas has to offer made us kind of tired too!Parking was pretty easy, but hauling your stuff through the casino made it interesting yet fun! Tom was super nice and checked us in, only problem was we were not in the system yet. No worries he made one quick call to verify we were booked for the correct date and such. While he was on hold he offered us an upgrade so instead of staying in their regular tower we would be in the fantasy tower (King size bed,Minibar,Jacuzzi Tub,Aveda Bath Products,Bose Sound System,In-Room Refreshment Center,Separate living room).  We decided to upgrade which was the best idea ever!Everything in this hotel is run smooth, security is always present along with a guard at the entrance of our elevator checking card keys.Tom promised he would give us a room with a great view on the 29th floor. Our suite wasnt to far down the hallways from the elevator which was nice. Walking into our suite i think my jaw hit the floor about a hundred times just looking at everything. Just the hallway from our door to the room was huge (i suddenly felt like a little kid full of excitment) Our bed was huge with a bunch of fluffy pillows, the bathroom was huge, jacuzzi tub could totally fit 2 people comfortably!! Couple of added bonus of the bathroom, if your watching TV you can listen to it from an overhead speaker in the ceiling which i wasnt expecting when Minh turned the TV on. LOL i pretty much flew outta the bathroom. When you turn off the light in the bathroom it doesnt turn totally off, instead it dims for a nightlight (good thing i might get lost here).The view was awesome as promised and made for some great night photos! I honesly think i could live in this suite thats how comfey it was! I think the whole time i was here i was in total shock that i was actually staying here! This is my new favorite place to stay whenever we are in town from now on!!
5	The palms rocks, my wife and I stayed there two nights the service was great we got an upgrade on our room to a superior suite with a gorgeous view of the strip and the pool   the food was so delicious the crowd was young the music was great the Friday ditch pool party was sick and you can't go wrong withe playboy club moon or ghost bar  I would recommend it to anyone
1	Just came back from my fourth trip to Vegas and sadly it was my worst. And I blame that largely on the Palms. First off, the Palms is sooooo far away from the strip. Now I can't really blame the hotel for this one. My friends and I should have done some better research before booking. I knew it was off the strip but didn't realize just how far off the strip it actually is. I don't even want to know how much money I spent on cabs going to and from the hotel. While I can't really fault the hotel on their location, I can fault them for having absolutely nothing to do during the day. The casino is small and nothing spectacular. The pool is OK but completely average. The food choices suck. I didn't sample every restaurant but the ones that I did were average at best. We had no choice but to cab it to the strip unless we wanted to sit around all day. If you're going to Vegas and want to enjoy the strip and actually do things, DO NOT stay at the Palms. You will regret it! Trust me! Even if the other hotels are a little more pricey stay there instead. I've stayed at the Flamingo before and liked it more than the Palms. Four years ago when I was in Vegas, I loved the Palms. That's probably the main reason we stayed here. Well it sure ain't what it used to be. Or I'm just older and know better. Either way I was incredibly unimpressed with the clubs at the hotel. Sure Ghostbar has an awesome view but that's about it. I won't go into detail about the clubs here though. I'll save that for their own review. IF YOU READ ANY PART OF THIS REVIEW THAN AT LEAST READ THE FOLLOW PARAGRAPHS. IF YOU STILL DECIDE TO STAY AT THE PALMS, IT'S YOUR CALL BUT YOU WERE WARNED. When I first saw our room, I was impressed. It was clean and spacious. The bathroom was big and nice. It seemed like a decent place to spend a week. Little did I know. The lighting is horrendous. It was so dark in our room which was especially annoying at night when we were all trying to get ready. Then to make the lighting even worse the light in the entryway (right where the only full length mirror was) went out. So four girls had to cram into the bathroom every night to do our hair and makeup. Things breaking/not working was the theme of the week. Someone had to come up three times because our safe wasn't working. One time the guy came up and got nasty with me like it was my fault. I gave him our code and he was like, "it needs to be six digits." Oh really? That's why it was working fine previously with our four digit code and on the safe it says use a 4-6 digit code??? I wanted to smack him. Then our keys kept deciding not to work randomly. One night they wouldn't work, the next night they would. It was soooo annoying. You come back to your hotel at 4-5 in the morning and you just want to go to bed. You don't want to have to deal with a key that doesn't work!! The cleaning ladies do a crappy job at cleaning. Their was dust accumulating everywhere in our room. My friend left her sunglasses on the nightstand for a day. When she went to get them, they were covered in dust. And yes, this was after the room was supposedly cleaned. Now, to the most horrible part of my stay. There was a leak in our bathroom right under the sink. The leak started about Friday night. Then by Sunday it was so bad that our bathroom smelt like a dirty sewer. It was disgusting!! We called to complain to the front who acted like it wasn't even that big of a deal. They took away the resort fee for our whole stay which of course just proved to be another problem. We stayed at the Palms for 6 nights. When we went to do the self checkout through the TV, the hotel was still charging resort fees for three nights. When I called the front desk, she told me that I would have to wait until the manager came in. I had a flight to catch and just wanted to get the hell out of that hotel already. I packed up my stuff and went downstairs ready to throw a fit if the front desk didn't resolve my issue ASAP. Luckily it took less than five minutes to check out. That's about the only thing the hotel did that didn't make me want to smack them. I don't think I'd stay here again even if they gave me a free room.
5	This hotel was waaaaaaay better than I thought it would be. I didn't expect much considering it was off the strip and the rooms were cheaper than the MGM, but Yelper reviews did not disappoint.I stayed here two nights with my girlfriend for a quick getaway in a Deluxe room with a Kingsize bed. If you get a players card, you are entitled to meal specials at the bistro buffet. The pool was packed with lovely ladies (it's okay to look!) even on a Monday. I could only imagine what it's like Thurs-Sun. The hotel is home to a few clubs including the Playboy Night club, if that's your thing. It's really not mine but it felt comforting knowing that the Playboy Tower and its lovely bunnies were just across the way (lol).I can't say we took advantage of all the amenities, but for what we did use there: the room, the pool, casino and the buffet, it was all gravy!Staying here might be an inconvenience if you don't have a car, but if you do, just drive down the Flamingo, go one street passed the strip, make a right and find a parking garage to park in. We parked at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile mall and were able to access the majority of the strip from there.
3	Palms is basically towards the end of the strip so you will need to get a cab to drive most of the time. The rooms were not sound proof what so ever and we were located near the pool area which we can hear everything loud music. The pool party was pretty small, well there are two areas the one I went to was the small one and it was to hot to go to the other one. 106 degree weather means I will get dark fast which I did not want.
4	My buddy and I stayed at the Palms again this year for our annual summer Vegas trip.  Once again, the Palms did not disappointment.  My additional comments are as follows:The hotel gym located inside the spa is great.  It's not huge, but it has nearly all of the equipment you are likely to need to get a good workout.  It's got a good selection of free weights, some nice Paramount machines, and plenty of cardio stuff (treadmills, bikes, ellipticals, and a stair master), all of which overlooks the pool area.  The gym, shower and spa area, and locker room are pretty much what you would expect to find at an upscale health club.  The whole place is stocked with plenty of fresh towels and chilled bottled water.  We didn't spend any time at the pool this year.  This was due in part to Ditch Fridays (see comments below).  Let me put it this way, it was loud enough to be annoying In My Room 17 stories up.  Mind you, I'm a huge fan of live music and attend at least 20 concerts a year.  Even at metal shows, I usually don't wear earplugs.  The night clubs here are great, and three of them feature awesome views of the strip from 55 stories up.  Ghost Bar is located in the tower closest to the registration desk.  You enter from the casino floor and ride an elevator up to the club.  There is one large room with the dance floor, seating areas for bottle service, and the main bar.  In my opinion, though, the best part of the club is the main outdoor deck.  The views are incredible, there are places to dance and chill, and usually two small bars on adjacent decks.  Tip:  unlike the main bar, there is usually little or no wait at these bars.  Moon and the Playboy Club both located in the fantasy tower.  As with Ghost Bar, you enter from the casino and take an elevator up to the clubs.  It's a kinda fun way to get into a club.  Moon is a large dance club.  Like Ghost Bar, it has outdoor decks with incredible views.  Moon drew good crowds both nights we were there.  The Playboy Club is an awesome lounge.  It features great views, a dance floor, table games with bunny dealers, and video poker, etc.  Both clubs are connected, and can freely move from one to the other.  One more thing, unlike many Vegas clubs, the staff here were incredibly friendly and welcoming. No surly bouncers here.  Heck, when we exited the Playboy Club, they thanked us for coming.  When is the last time you heard that at a Vegas club?  Parking was completely hassle free throughout our stay, and we leave the property at least once each day.  We never had a problem finding a good parking spot.  There are basically two parking areas:  The outdoor parking and adjacent covered ground level parking and the parking structure.  Tip:  If you can find a casino level parking spot in the structure, you are just footsteps away from the two main hotel towers.  The video poker and slots here seem to be much more player friendly than many other casinos, particularly when compared to the large strip casinos.  Unlike those places, I seldom find myself getting eaten alive at the Palms, and do pretty well about half the time.  You might ask, why aren't you giving this place five stars?I'm not giving the Palms five stars because of the what I consider to be junk fees they hit us with.  We got a great deal on the room with two of the nights comped, but still got hit with fees like the following:$12.00 per day "Resort Fee."$14.99 per day for internet access.$20.00 per day to upgrade from a room with two standard beds to two queen size beds.
3	I've only given this place one extra star because the management did eventually wind up refunding our hotel room because our stay was so bad. Some people might love this place. If you are looking for a 24 hour nonstop party, then this is the place. But seriously, it will be a24 hour party. Meaning the music starts pumping at 10a and doesn't stop until 4. Most rooms are not very well sound proofed. You would think as a guest for Memorial Day Weekend that you'd be able to get into the clubs without such a hassle. However, the lines for every club were so poorly managed that it was like trying to fight through a mob in order to get in the door. What are we here, Studio 54? Our buffet was mediocre at best. While there was lots of selection, the quality was only subpar. Overall, management was very poor. They did finally refund our room, but I had to be a real pain in the ass about it.
3	The room we were placed in was on the corner and we could see the strip down the road. The room was pleasantly large but strangely outdated...... really old TV's......weird! The bed was comfortable and the room had a sitting area. We were satisfied with our room....we stayed here for one night and picked up the hotel on Priceline the night we arrived for only $50....so no complaints here.
5	As a local, it's not very frequently that I go to casinos or the like. I like to stay off the strip as much as possible, but I still like going to one place that allows me to eat, drink, and catch a movie. That's where the Palms comes in. I love coming here. I love that I can catch a movie at the theaters (IMAX!), grab a drink at the bar, and then either enjoy a nice dinner or a quick bite. The Palms gives you these options without having to put up with all the hassle of a Strip property. It's a definite plus. Personally, I usually just come here for dinner and/or a movie. I don't do much gambling, so I can't report on how they have deals or promos for locals. That's outside my realm.
2	Oof, I have some Review ketchup to do... I've really been Yelpadaisical!And, I'm sorry, I generally don't like to give Bad reviews... I much prefer the exciting and upbeat. Buuuuut, the Palms Resort/Casino? (Raspberry sound)IknowIknow, some of it is just me bein' all uppity and stuff. Last week, the greatest hotel in the country practically; and this week, almost the opposite end of the spectrum. OK... also given, I don't quite fit the very young (think Hard Rock young) demographic of this establishment, so in fairness I have to mention that caveat as well. I only patronized this place this visit because my friend's company has used this hotel for events, I guess.But even considering those exceptions... the Palms was a reallllll let-down. I suppose the third caveat could be that it's currently going through some kinda shakedown, allegedly... as the Maloof brothers have been squeezed out (due to their financial difficulties, I hear) and the place just FEELS like it's in an ugly transition.The room was certainly nice enough; with a decent view (but that's most of Las Vegas). The rest was just crap inside the hotel (so much so, that by the 2nd night we were bolting for other, better venues). Inside the Palms, you have to look REALLY hard to find an employee who...  a)seemed to care about being there or b) ever smiled. When you are in a city that is tantamount to being a ginormous playground... that just plain sucks. And talk about SUCK... other than their Mexican Restaurant which we tried the first night there (and it was pretty good) the other restaurants were downright BAD. In fact, the next morning, we decided to have an easy breakfast at the buffet. How do you screw up breakfast??? Well, the breakfast was so bad I had to speak with the General Manager, who was kind enough to come over (and I NEVER do that!) ... but even she was contrite about the whole thing!!! Saying yes, there are presently some problems, but PLEASE, PLEASE don't give up on them (she said that to me like 3 times). She explained and pointed out (the items "I" pointed out as inedible) as being FROZEN FOOD!!! YOU KIDDIN' ME!!??!!?? Frozen food in a casino restaurant??  Each item from the buffet tasted like shoebox cardboard (not that I have a penchant for shoebox as food!! But in this case, it might've been an improvement!)Overall, the place has a real feel as a joint in transition. And that's kind of sad. Their penthouse Playboy lounge/club (whatever it is) was kind of cool. On the very top floor, the design was nice, the bar was cool, the people inside were friendly enough, and the views were stellar!! But the more you moved around the place, the more forced everything felt. Even the pool area, which was pretty nice (and we spent some time out there in the middle of a monsoon!!) felt like going through a Disneyland turnstile first!!! What HAPPENED to Las Vegas!!?? Really?? Before I go poolside, I gotta get the 3rd Degree, frisked, wrist-banded? ID'd... and only THEN I can move free toward the sun?? And... don't... get... me...started... about the cabanas!!Ach, ok, look, gotta wrap this up... the casino itself is small too, but playable. And the personnel in the casino?? Uhuh... if you don't like being there THAT much, move along pally!!Ok, I mentioned the demographic... doesn't matter what age or how travel experienced you are. This is STILL a casino/hotel in Las Vegas! There are standards that have been maintained for decades in this town. Palms, if you can't deal within those standards... cut your losses and get outta the game!
5	This is by far my favorite place in LV...I try to stay here everytime im in town, which is usually monthly..The rooms are nice, clean, housekeeping is on top of it..I might pay a little more then other places but it is by far the nicest hotel in all of LV.The pool area is fun, good music..but the nightlife sets this place apart, Rain, Ghostbar, Playboy Club, Moon, and you can access all four in one night, what else can I say...My main man Jung Kim who is a VIP host sets us up all the time; im not a high roller and Im an average tipper but this guys is legit, he will take care of you not matter how large or small a request you have..If your in for business and not just play, they have a nice gym and movie theatre..even better Simon restaurant at Palms Place is a very quick 5 minute walk away; they have a enclosed hallway that connects the two.
1	Terrible service! I booked a vacation this week for my 21st birthday and received a package deal that allowed myself and my party to go to dinner at Nove which was good but we were also allowed to attend to all the clubs at the Palms- that's what we paid for apparently we were only allowed to go to one club (playboy) which was horrible with 50+ men and cheesy love music... When we spoke to the manager they refused to compt us to attend at least another club for the following day. My 21st birthday was a disappointment thanks to this hotel and staff. I'll never go to this hotel again. I'm currently still here and trying to find something else to do.
3	There Is so much to do here! If you decided to confine yourself here for a 3 day weekend you would be able to try about three different restaurants each day aside from all the fast food spots they have at the food court, go watch a movie, wet your feet or sun bathe at Palms Pool, watch a comedy show or concert and party in a different club & lounge every night...you can literaly stay here for days and not catch cabin fever.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FOR MY 30TH BIRTHDAY!!!!**after writing this ive found that this has happened multiple times to other people. Probably because the suites are all condos that you are renting when you are there**In the morning after our first nights stay, and the housekeeping were done with our room, we all noticed a terrible smell. We had 3 rooms and two of the suites were connected by an entry way which leaked the smell into the other rooms.We asked numerous times to be moved because the smell was so horrendous that we could not bear to be in the room let alone sleep in it.We were told that there is nothing that can be done about the problem and we cannot be moved. All that was done was have 2 maintenance people come up and run the shower and give us a spray can.I was courteous but firm on checkout that I would like to have some kind of reimbursement and was told there was nothing they could give. After 20 minutes I finally got a mere $150 off of my bill from the $2,000+ we spent. This practically ruined my 30th birthday party for me and the 15 people who came to visit.I complained to the other staff in the hotel who told me that the Palms is the worst in Las Vegas for compensating for things like this and it was likely they would do nothing to remedy the problem. We also booked a cabana through the hotel for the Palms Place pool. We called multiple times to confirm the pricing due to traveling with so many people. We were quoted $1,000 and went through the N9NE group. When we arrived the palms place pool had no record of our reservation and said it was only $250. Luckily I had my iPhone with a copy of the contract saying that it was the correct day and time. The pool staff was courteous and remedied the situation but I am still waiting to see if I will be charged by the other company.I now know why their prices are so cheap!
4	Didn't stay here but spent a night wandering around and clubbing.  I expected it to be more vibrant, but for a Saturday night it was lacking energy.  It looked like a nice, fun place, but other Vegas spots were more happening.  It was nice looking, it just felt a bit heartless.
2	I could imagine that getting a healthy case of the shingles might be an altogether more pleasant experience than staying at The Palms.I can easily imagine being gunned down in the lobby. It's that ghetto. Not that I feared for my life, there are just a lot nicer places tostay in Vegas with a lot more atmosphere and less people trapsing around looking like cheap hookers.My stay started out with a bad valet experience. I'm used to extremely helpful valets who offer directions in advance of your asking. The valet at The Palms have a unique approach- they ignore you or are absent from the stand altogether. On three separate occasions the valet stand was unattended. The room, while nice fora second- rate discount motel in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, oh wait, I am reviewing a four star Maloof property in Las Vegas. You get the picture: broken light fixtures, a tube TV, dated, worn furniture (which seemed to mimic the look of the clientele).If you like eating at the Cracker Barrel, you're going to love the Palms. If that's not your thing, save yourself a lot of heartache and go somewhere nice to sleep.
3	So this is my first visit to the palms. Upon check in they were very nice and upgraded us to a fantasy sweet and gave us lots of drink coupons to make up for the room fees and gave us vip passes to to the bars. The room is amazing with a huge shower and tub. Disapointd to find out you have to dress like your going to the office to get into ghostbar. No tshirts and must wear coller shirts and dress shoes. Lame!!  its vegas im here to relax. The pool is nice but closes at 5pm. Hello the sun does not go down till 9. The casino so so dead and boring and no shuttle to the strip. I think this used to be a hip spot bit it lost its mojo.
2	Poor Customer Service.I write this reluctantly because the Palms actually gave us a very nice upgrade. Unfortunately, their service is so bad.  It feels almost like abuse.When we arrived they had no room for us, despite our reservation. To say sorry they upgraded us big-time to a huge penthouse. Which was really nice (amazing, in fact). But then the next morning we had to move.Ultimately, this became sort of a job for us. We had to call the front desk several times. We sat on hold. We talked to different people. And tried repeatedly to get the logistics resolved ourselves, like when to leave, where to go, etc.  Rather than be helpful or understanding, the front desk staff was surprisingly condescending.   They acted as if if we should be ecstatic to have had a temporary taste of the good life. Frankly, I didn't care. I just wanted a place to sleep, and didn't want to deal with administrative hassles on my vacation. My wife and I are in the customer service industry and tend to give workers the benefit of the doubt.  But overall, the customer service here was some of the worst we have ever seen.The front desk could never answer simple questions. Hotel staff gave incorrect directions inside their own hotel. Advertised discounts required more hassle than a DMV.  We were charged an undisclosed $15 / day resort fee, which even applied to a day that had passed by the time we arrived... (?)  When checking out, there were surprise charges that didn't match our room service receipts.  Not even the manager could explain them, but regardless, they wouldn't take them off, setting us up for an unnecessary battle with our credit card company.Other than that, it feels like the hotel is trying to nickel and dime you to death.  Their drinks coupons aren't valid most places and ours expired before the printed expiration date (surprise, now pay for those).   The internet costs $16 for a day pass.  The business center charges $5 for 10 minutes.  The gym is $20 for a work out (not covered by the resort fee).  The list goes on...    In short, this hotel has poor service, is generally disrespectful to customers, and nickel and dimes you like a phone company.   We received such a great upgrade (albeit a temporary one).  I would really like to give this hotel a better review.  But the service was so abrasive and unhelpful, it just left us feeling - well, sort of cheap.  I really don't understand why this hotel has such off-putting service.
4	Palms Kingpin Suite - Fantasy TowerThis place is always a good time. It's got a young feel which I really like and always looks as if a party is going on in the casino. We stayed in the Kingpin Suite in the Fantasy Tower for my cousins 21st and it was a great time. The suite has two nice sized rooms, a pool table, floor-to-ceiling windows, a plasma TV wall with a large projection screen, a bar with two stripper poles and two regulation bowling lanes. Everything is fully automated through a digital remote pad which is quite convenient. The room is frequented by celebs and in music videos.If you're lucky enough to stay in this room, note one huge drawback...NOT SOUNDPROOF! For $20k+ a night you wouldn't expect security visits when 'drunk-bowling' at night. I'm all for staying quiet in hotel rooms with a lot of people but this isn't a regular room.  Regardless, the view is great and it was an awesome time! The regular suites are clean and enjoyable as well. This is also a great hotel to stay at if you're into celebrity sightings. We saw Michael Jackson there back then.The clubs there are pretty nice, Moon and the Playboy club are a good time, especially the view. Outside on the top of the hotel is where Moon is set and it's a blast.
4	On our last day, after checking out of the craptastic Flamingo, we proceeded to check right into the Palms. Why, you ask? Tired, fatigued and partied out, we needed some rest, and our flight didn't leave until 11pm. Fail. So we attempted to cruise the strip for the day, but lost steam around noon.We checked for cheap hotels that we could book for the "night", essentially to nap in before we had to leave, and saw that the Palms was a whopping $60 for a Monday. !!! How could we pass that up? The only reason I've never considered staying at the Palms is its out-of-the-way location. Off the strip has always been a no-go in my opinion, but in this case, it was worth it, given that we were just planning to sleep.We got there and were PISSED we hadn't stayed there the whole time. It's young, hot, fun and stylish. The people in the hotel actually looked like US, not like middle aged out of towners in Disney t-shirts and fanny packs. I couldn't sleep, so I decided to hit up the pool area, which was SWEET. Loved the bright colors and lounge chairs in the water. Waitresses were hot, and attentive. It was quiet on a Monday afternoon, but we still loved it, and regretted not having made the trek sooner. Drinks were expensive, but it's a pool, and to be expected. The banana frozen drink was delish.I would definitely consider staying next time, and thumbs up for the pool - it's not TOO far off the Strip, and hell, a cab ride was like $5. Lesson learned. The Palms is HOT.
3	cool place to stay. Drinks are pricey but a well placed tip to your front desk person when checking in will definitley help.  You will get a room upgrade and a handful of drink vouchers that spend easily at any of the casino bars. (60 dollars). Well worth ith if you are staying a few days.
2	A previous reviewer Douglas G. has already stated all I would have liked to state. Just to clarify, here are the negatives:1. Had no clue about my reservation. Then they said they'll give me a suite. They gave a regular room. The receptionist had an attitude as if she was doing me a great favor at 1am in the morning.2. The bathroom tub had chipped surface which looked ugly.3. The double doors to adjacent room did not have proper insulation at the bottom which meant too much noise came in. And they had repair works going on next door.4. WiFi was $14.99/day + taxes. It was not clear whether this was covered by the $15/day resort fees.The positives:1. Good movie theater.2. Good swimming pool.Would I back? Only if I get deeply discounted prices and have nowhere better to go.
5	Best service! The food was good too, but the service was absolutely fantastic! I liked the atmosphere more than Spago...
4	I cannot believe we only stayed at this hotel our last day in Vegas...but oh well...we learn from our mistakes...The room was big, modern and so comfortable...Staff as courteous as can be and the pool....well...it was the highlight of our day! Young and hip crowd, great bars and nightclubs....oh Palms...u are truly one of a kind...oh and yes...Hannah won $170 in the slot machines! if that's not a good sign...then I don't know what it is!!
2	You play here, but don't stay here. Reception was unfriendly. They didn't know about the midsummer nights dream passes and I had to inform them. I waited 15 mins to check in.  The rooms are sad and smell like smoke. No iPod station or anything. It looks like a quality in complete with stained bathtub and same carpet pattern.  The package said free bottle of alcohol in my room at check in. Instead I get a $20 drink coupon. That's like 2 drinks. Plus you have to fight your way through the ghostbar etc crowd to get to the elevator. This is my 6th time in Vegas and worst start ever.
2	Yes, I've DEFINITELY experienced better! I understand the party scene and casinos are important features of this hotel as with everywhere else in Vegas, but so should the service and overall quality of amenities. How does The Palms stand up to others within the field of hospitality?  It is as dated as Hugh Hefner. I felt like the front desk employee was speaking to me like I was James Bond (thank you, but this pad doesn't exactly scream high profile sir), and it simply falls short when it comes to meeting the expectations they create for themselves.  They will automatically place you in a room with one king-size bed and if you need 2 doubles, they will charge you extra! There is also some weird "room service fee" that I was not informed about and that is completely unnecessary if all you're doing is sleeping there, and you will be charged an additional "resort fee." I began to wonder if I was booking a flight or staying at a hotel at this point and I realized I should have just used all that money to stay at a nicer place on the strip where there is an actual lobby.
4	It's a bit off the strip so thats why the 4. But a lot of action goes down here!The rooms are always nice and comfy... plenty of space. The pool gets it crackin!  I'm always here on business and If I dont get a suite from somewhere else Im usually booked here!
4	I am a fan of Palms hotel...even though it's off the strip. I've met some fun people there (including some UFC fighters), security has always been nicfe to me and the nightclubs are fun. Ghostbar, Moon, and Rain offer amazing views and Rain is one of my favorite clubs to dance in because it's huge and the music is good. The rooms are beautiful as well :)
4	Went to a wedding here.... it was at the restaurant Alize on the top of one of the towers... The view was gorgeous! and the food was A M A Z I N G!- Alize hot appetizer Trio: Braised Pork belly and Seared foie gras was delicious. someone was missing from our table, and we all split that extra helping of it! The Grilled shrimp w/ curry sauce and gelie was ok, but if u got a bit of all the sauces with the shrimp it was yummy. - Phyllo wrapped baked anjou pear salad... with blue cheese.. this was great! nice and fresh and tasty w/ that strawberry vinaigrette. - I ordered the Duo of Colorado Lamb. it came with 2 legs lamb chops cooked to a perfect medium rare, and braised lamb shoulder with white asparagus, apricots, toasted almonds, and a feta cheese coulis and lamb jus. My date and I finished up all of this dish! - my date (my bestie from grad school) had the green peppercorn crusted filet of beef. with braised celery heart, roasted potatoes and a cognac cream sauce. the beef was a nice medium rare. and uber flavorful. and for dessert we had the creme brulee... mine had the right amount of burnt sugar on top, while my bestie's was over burnt... so we shared mine. The food was so good, that it made the yummy wedding cake taste not up to par. definitely one of my top 2 wedding dinners with american food that i've ever had. If you're thinking of hosting your reception here... i say do it! ----the lovely couple also got a suite for an after party for us to play in.... the original room rented was somehow taken up by someone else so we got shifted into some other suite. it was baller status, but had more closed off spaces even though it was the same square footage and the same 4K for the night.... the bride had to deal with the rude coordinator on this. I had to knock off a star for the poor customer service. and the rude behavior to my girlfriend on her big day!!! Boo!  Suite.
5	. Palms really does cater to a younger crown and there are the typical d-bags one might expect would be associated with that as far as the crowd but hey, its Vegas. I would not recommend this resort for families as far as the pool. The room had a great view of the strip, all of the staff we interacted with from the valet, front desk, food service, and housekeeping were friendly and a accommodating. The pool is fun, but I recommend you go early if you don't want to spend an hour looking for chairs. From about 9 to 10 it was pretty dead.
4	This hotel is so cool and HUGE!!! I will start by saying that I did not stay here but I did do some gambling here and walked around. The light and the design of the interior is just amazing and also the outside is just so cool looking. There is so many amenities within this hotel that you would never have to leave this place. Next time I come to Vegas I will definitely stay here. It looked amazing and made me want to come back.
4	After reading a number of negative reviews about the Palms I thought I would add my experience with a recent 4 day stay. We were upgraded upon check-in to a junior suite because the superior king we had booked was not available and the room was amazing, unbelievable views and quiet. The package included a bottle of liquor, 2 buffets and $20 drink voucher/day and everything was as advertised and the frozen margaritas at the bar were the best. Every one was friendly and efficient especially the Valet parking. We were a little older than the regular crowd but that presented no problems and only added to the ambience because the people watching was great. If you have a car the location is excellent with easy access to the freeway and presented no problems. All and all a terrific trip and I will stay there again.
3	Always wanted to stop here! Great place if your young, and looking get yourself into a little trouble if ya know what I mean! The Maloofs really know how to throw a party that goes to all hours of the morning.
4	If you're young, single, looking to party, and meet other singles, and you have some money, this is the hotel you want to spend your saturday night at.Also, if you're a slots player, Palms casino is said to have the loosest slots in vegas.
3	This place use to be the place to be. I use to go here all the time, for concerts especially...but I think it's lost its oomph.Brendan Theater is an alright theater to go to if your in the area.I've never seen the rooms.Garduno's Mexican restaurant is pretty good, though their service is lacking, each time we go it has gotten worse.The 24 hour Cafe is average, edible, pricey food.The connected Palms Place is a nice place to visit, eat at Simon's.Ghost bar is a cool place to go and say you've been there, otherwise its not worth going.I wasn't impressed with Rain, but I'm not a "club" person.I usually do okay when I gamble there, but it's not very often.The Pearl concert venue, a pretty cool place to see a show, not really a bad seat in the house, the crowds have been small lately, not sure if the promoting is lacking or other venues (Cosmo) are dominating the market. Drinks are pricey. Sound can be off at times.
4	I love the Palms even if staying here makes me feel like I'm trying fulfill high school fantasies of being at a Vegas hotspot several years too late.Me: "Yeah guys, let's go to Rain!!! I heard it's like, the best club in Vegas!!!1"Friends: "Bro, welcome to 8 years ago."Whatever, still a favorite of mine. Just don't like the fact that it's slightly off-strip. Also, I still say Moon has the coolest dance floor in the city (once the ceiling opens up), even if the DJ there plays Bob Sinclar - 'World, Hold On' way too often. I guess the Palms really is a few years behind.
2	Palms is kind of depressing. We had two fantasy suites, The Erotic Suite and The G Suite. Initially we thought the stripper pole in the Erotic Suite was kind of cool...then we got over it...and the entire hotel. While we wanted a hotel with a party atmosphere, the crowd here was pretty trashy. There were a lot of the tourists you DON'T want to be around. You know, the ones from Middle America who wear spray painted shirts with Tweety Bird with fanny pack and rock mullets. Okay, it wasn't THAT bad but close enough.The casino itself was so blah I couldn't be bothered. The allure was not there and it's so far off the beaten path, getting to the strip is a hassle. Needless to say, we bitched and bitched and got upgraded to two far superior suites at Palms Place. Yes, the hot tub on the balcony overlooking Vegas was a nice touch and the main reason Palms is getting 2 stars. However, it still felt a bit isolated, unlike other views in Vegas that are far more tactile. This view, while beautiful, reminds you of how far away you are from the action.Don't waste your time.
1	Tried to make reservations online - there was some error with the online portal so I got an error message to try again - I did - no go.  Then I called and the call center person tried - another error.  Turns out my bank was charged over $2 grand and I have NO reservations.  Called my bank - they said the merchant (Palms Casino) had to send a fax to correct the error - they said the did.  NOW MY BANK IS STILL DEBITED OVER $2,000.  I'm on the phone now and Brandi put me on hold - then Ashli picks up - doesn't know what the probem is - baxk on hold - Mike picks up - back on hold.  THIS IS ABSURD IN THE EXTREME!!!!!
5	Had my second stay at the Palms with my husband and had the best time. Palms will always hold a place in my heart because I met my husband there and I am a total pop culture junkie and the Palms is featured in so many god damn trashy reality TV shows which I lap up completely.First off there is a universe of difference between the old tower and the Fantasy Tower as you would expect but whatever you do make sure you get in the Fantasy Tower. We called ahead and begged reservations to sort us out. We got there and the Hubs worked his magic and we got the golden upgrade. Our room was fabulous, I'm a sucker for a name and some modern decor. The staff were super friendly. The beds here are to die for, lovely and soft and the room was so quiet, you didn't hear a whisper! Our GRA wasn't great and let some details slip, but aside from that the staff were excellent.The crowd is young and it is a party scene so if you're not into that, steer clear!Things we heart include N9NE Steakhouse and the 24 hour cafe was great and convenient. I love Moon nightclub but was a little dissappointed with the Playboy club and Ghostbar, skip these and you won't be missing much!I would definately recommend Palms to a friend and would go back there in a heartbeat.
3	We stayed here four nights during Labor Day Weekend.Negatives:1.maids woke us up twice in the same morning (one had wrong room and the other was a supervisor with an attitude who said that she can knock on any door with a do not disturb sign...wow arent you important?)she told us that we are supposed to check out that day when we were to check out the following day. not organized. not friendly.2. cant sleep when the beach party starts at 11 am3. front desk didnt care about the maid waking us up (we paid for bottle service at rain and spent money at their establishment and no apology or anything)4. didnt get our free bottle of liquor that came with our social reservation offer, had to ask for it.5. had to ask for toilet paper, never refilledPositives:1.24 hour cafe with reasonable prices2. several night clubs in the hotel3.great buffet4. clean and spacious rooms
4	We stayed here on a recent trip to Vegas. It was off the strip but not too off. A cab ride to some of the downtown casinos was very reasonable.The only reason this place is getting 4 stars and not 5 was that the casino was kind of small. I felt like I saw everything there was to see in the first hour. Make sure you get a room in the Fantasy Tower. Our room was amazing! My wife and I had a blast here. We'll be back for sure.
4	Stayed here a bunch of times. over 3 weeks worth. It's a smaller hotel and casino. You can walk from one end to the other in like 3 mins. I like it though. Lot more younger crowd there in the evenings throughout the week cuz of all the clubs. They have decent restaurants too like Little Buddha. Love that place! The Pool parties are kinda fun too on Fridays and Saturdays.As for rooms, they are clean and very new. At least the Fantasy Tower where I stayed. Price... not too sure since mine were comped... xDThey also have a Movie theatre inside and decent little food court area.Anywho.. it's a fun Hotel & Casino.
3	overall experience was acceptable.rooms were spacious and clean. the bath towels were huge and very soft.i will give 5 for above two items. the rooms were lockout units and the cleaning crews were loud talking to each other.now, i got the room paid thru price line. it was pretty good price for being close to the strip. however, there is hidden charge the hotel tack on your bill. it was around ~$18 per day and labeled as "resort charge". they give you $20 drink voucher, ride to the strip, free local phone calls. I m not much of drinker and if you do play at the casino, the drinks are free anyways. Plus i had rental car so the ride was useless. The phone deal was quite ridiculous for this day and age. this resort charge was not mentioned anywhere. Now I wonder, if they discounted the room $30, will the resort charge go up to $30 per day?No wifi. Have fun making extra $15 per daylike previous Yelp poster said, its smaller and away from the strip so easier to get to your room, things are lil cheaper (on site McD and few other reasonably priced fast food joint). it was slow season so not too many people. I have not tried there restaurants.Will I stay here again? Yes.. Recommend to friends? Yes with the resort charge fully explained.
2	Back in the day I would have described this place a little differently.  It seems to have lots its cool factor.  The casino feels old and a bit outdated.  It's not very crowded (good for those who are looking to avoid that completely) and it seems that some of the bartenders don't know how to make a martini straight up.  Our room was UNAPPEALING.  It was drab, outdated and boring.  Our friend had one of the larger corner suites and it was extremely roomy and offered beautiful views.  It was a much nicer room but the furniture was dirty and stained as well as the carpet.  Made a nice room feel icky. Our other friend had a room I didn't know they HAD!  He was checking in for a trade show and just wanted an average (or better of course) room but somehow ended up with a stripper pole, leopard print comforter, disco ball and floor to ceiling mirrors.  Um, this would be appropriate for a bachelor party or some event upon request but just checking in for a few nights to do some work seems a bit unacceptable.  Of course he asked for another room and was changed immediately.  Overall, not impressed with this hotel as I was in the past.
3	I came here during the mid week in march...had a modern layout and wasnt too packed during the week.  alcohol service was good while playing.  good variety of shops.  will come to again next trip and check it out during a weekend.
3	Poker room succcccccccked, i would hit up the venetian for that, kind of off the strip, no access to the shuttle, but rooms were clean, good restaurants, ghost bar is pretty cool
4	Behind GVR The Palms is probably my second favorite off-strip hotel. Got a lot of partying out of my system on their grounds over the past few years and have to say I've rarely had a less than average customer service experience (security included). Most of my trips to the Palms involve visits to Moon, Playboy Club and Rain-Ghostbar a couple of times. As a local lady, I'm not familiar with club pricing, but I'm guessing they charge just as much as other places. The security at The Palms is how do I say this nicely....way less douche-y than other properties. Sure, they will cut you down to size if you're being out of control and maybe need to call a cab, but for the most part they're actually kind of nice which isn't the standard for most club security. Moon has a spectacular view of the Strip and I definitely recommend as a spot to take out of towners for a night out. Drinks are club priced, but I've yet to have had a watered down drink in one of their nightlife establishments. Ghostbar and Playboy Club also both have great views! Rain is another great one-no stunning views, but they snag some great resident DJ's. I used to go pretty much every weekend when DJ AM was there, but haven't really been back since except for work.I frequent the Palms a lot for work as a couple of events we have annually are held at Rain/the pool. 9 Group has an amazing event team who has helped us pull off amazing events that look effortless only because they have such a hard working staff! The pool here is really nice and has a unique set up and there's ALWAYS a party happening out there whether it's Ditch Friday or a holiday that they made up just to throw a party.  The cabanas are really nice (complete with TV's with cable, which I could not appreciate more), although I don't know how much they run for, they did start a new program this summer where they offered them for only $100 on Mondays with the money going to the charity selected for the day.I've stayed the night a couple of times and have no complaints. I really liked the pillows on my most recent stay-there must have been at least 8 on the bed! They have your basic amenities and my room was a good size and clean. They do charge resort fees which include a $20 beverage credit to any of the casino bars. My only ding would be the absence of any mid-range dining options. They have some really great restaurants- N9NE Steakhouse, Nove, Alize (and if you want to walk next door, SImon)-which are all great for a special night out, but if you don't want those your options are the 24 hour diner which is just ok and an assortment of fast food restaurants located on the west end of the property near the movie theater. All in all- a great off-strip option for work and play!
5	The Palms, sophisticated. The Pearl is fabulous venue, MMA  row 1 at the Pearl is decadent. Its all in how this dish is served, so personal in the details.  So close you can hear the rush of breath.   The restaurants are first class, fitting the style of The Palms.Well worth it
4	Awesome hotel to sty at in Vegas! Away from all the tourists on the strip, yet just a short cab ride away. The casino in the lobby is not overly huge where you get lost and there's not a million tourists walking thru your hotel. It fees like home and more personal than the strip hotels.The workers are nice, not rude at all. The pool area is superb! We went when it was a little chilly, so wasn't crowded, but i can definitely see it being packed, but very trendy and classy. I will only stay at the palms when going to Vegas, its perfect!
4	This review is solely for the 4 clubs located at this fine establishment. This is a must for anyone, from first time cherry popping or season veteran Vegas visitor.  Did I mention 4 clubs in one building? Insane crowds, atmosphere is out of this world, people getting crazy...another words Vegas at it's finest. Try to beat the crowd and get there before 11,  we all got an exclusive VIP pass for all 4 clubs for $60. No waiting on line, and that's for all 4 clubs!!! Because we all know that's the worst part of going to a club.  They sell the VIP tickets in the palms lobby. Believe me this experience will not disappoint and if it does....well, then you have no business in Vegas.
3	I've never stayed at the Palms, but I've been to their casino, pool, and nightclubs a few times.  I feel like The Palms casino/pool is more for the younger crowd - I just get that kind of vibe.  Maybe it's because the area is kind of small, but has room to house a handful of different nightclubs making club-hopping a breeze.  It can get a little boring though with how small it is.  The pool area hosts weekend long parties with some of the biggest names in the music industry.  The pool area is also kind of small, but I liked how you can dance in the water (shallow area) near the bar.  All other areas were super crowded.  It's a shame how there are really no other casinos within walking distance.
5	i like staying at the place i enjoy the resturant nova. the clubs were fun. the poker room was fun i spent most of my time there. the playboy cub is there. the hotel is off the strip. i would stay here again. the hotel upgraded our room too..
4	8.13.11: checked in and used the groupon deal which included the playboy club, spa access and breakfast buffet. It was awesome, the rooms were standard as in clean and comfortable. Their TV and one lamp was not working. Overall this Casino is pretty standard however their clubs have the best view of the strip. Love it!
3	On a last minute trip to Vegas, my friend got a really great deal at the Palms.  It wasn't our preferred choice, but we were happy to find a good deal on such last minute.  Overall, our room was really just average.  We were sad that it didn't have an iPod dock and we could hear our neighbors really well--and no, not having sex, just talking really loudly.  LOL.  I think if I were to stay at the Palms again, I'd have to be in one of the Playboy suites...they look amazing!!!The hotel itself, though, wasn't bad.  The pool was small, played great music, but the service was horrible.  It was really slow and our server rarely checked on us.  We don't play cards, but the casino was fun to walk around.  We went to all of the clubs our first night in Vegas and was really impressed by the service, views (especially at Ghostbar), and people.Lastly, the Palms is just too damn far from the strip.  We're two young single ladies and we had to cab like everywhere.
3	I'm going to make this short. I went to Vegas with friends. I had a blast with them. however, I'm probably not going to stay at the Palms again. Why? Because it's LOADED with douche bags. I mean LOOOOAAAAAADDDDEEEEDDD. I spent the afternoon hanging at the pool studying "Douche Bag 101".  We spotted several, One was known as the Ed Hardy douche, Commonly reffered to in scientific terms as "Edhardius Douches". And also we saw the elusive Jersey Shore douche. Commonly reffered to in scientific terms "Retardiusorangius Douches" In fact the lobby smelled a lot like fish.... if you catch the vernacular.They wanted to slap a 15.00 a day fee on me for "local calls" and a $20 bar tab. I don't drink. But don't worry they still got my money. I went to the bar and asked for a "cherry coke". if you're not familiar with the concept it's a Coca-Cola with Cherry Syrup.  The bartender looks at me and says:Her: It'll be $5.00Me: I'm sorry?Her: It'll be $5.00Me: You're kidding right?Her: I'm not.... It's VegasMe: It's rape....Her: I'm sorry....I still tipped her $3.00... I'm a moron... She had nice tits though...Ugh.... I'm such a pig....The rooms, OMG THE ROOMS, were so damn average. I was compelled to grab an $8 Smart Water, Drink it and then refill it with normal water. But I didn't. However, I did order water from Room Service. I drank like 20+ pitches while I was in Vegas. AND I didn't get maid service to my room for two whole days. What kind of image is that?!? You also have to pay 14.99 a day for Wi-Fi that should be "free".In short, The Palms, Loaded with Douche Bags, Smells like Fish, has expensive non-alcho drinks.Go to Circus Circus..... $30 a night.... better service
5	It was a five star experience for me. We stayed in a salon suite in the Fantasy Tower with a view of the strip, great room with fantastic ameneties and a great value for the quality of the suite. Great clubs on site, Ghost Bar has the best view and the Playboy club. Nove was fantastic but that's a seperate view. They even have a movie theater with imax!
3	Pros: Surprisingly small, but in a good way. It won't take you a million years to get to an eatery or to a lounge. Also the pool area is pretty great (even in October). Cons: No real deals for hotel guests on any of the nightclubs. Also, they require a resort fee of $15 a day (but they DO give you a gift certificate for $20 to use on drinks at select bars in the hotel). Also, it's much too far from the Strip to walk (don't fool yourself. It looks closer than it is).  Oh and no area in the hotel is non smoking! Something that a lot of Vegas has seemed to catch on to.I probably wouldn't aim to stay again, BUT if the price were right, I'd consider it.
2	You get what you pay for,far off the strip, expect heavy taxi fees
4	We came here when it first opened, mostly to try the buffet, but then it was remodeled and changed up completely.  So we decided to come back for breakfast and try the new buffet and see how it compared.  It had the basic eggs, scrambled, bacon, sausage and waffles, a fresh omelet station, but not much else, I don't know if we were just early and they hadn't set out the rest, or if that was it.  What we ate was good, but just limited choices. Given the hassles of parking and going through the motions to eat, I'd just as soon go to Black Bear, or Blueberry Hill for breakfast.
4	Great room, very inexpensive. The wait to check in was bananas long, but the wait to check out took 2 seconds. Clean rooms, close to lots of things, good times in general.However, boo for paid wifi. :(
1	The place is away from the strip, but bad if you wanna walk there.Kinda clean.Pricey as hell. Resort fee is $15 per person, plus a lot of hidden fees like $25 for their slow internet connection per laptop! There is no way to get away from the smoke, it's even there in your hotel room. They give you some cheap discounts like $20 drinks per night. Their 250 mL water bottles is $3 at the bar, drinks are on average of $13 each. If you go over $20, you either use your other $20 card or pay from your wallet. Do not go to any of their restaurants or buffets. Even if you get their card it's not worth it. You can go to some other casinos and get their card for better prices & food + drinks. One of their Thanksgiving buffet was $20 without card, $13 with card. I went to the Gold Coast and got their card, it's $15 without card and $12 with card, and their buffet was better, and they do have vegetarian options if any of you are vegeterian or vegan. Hell, Palace Station is $10 with their card, $12 without card for their brunch buffet, cheap & good food.Their parking lot is blasted with music, I don't mind, but I'll get a headache from their oldies music.One of the parking lot's elevators shake while you're moving, and it makes horrible noises. Told someone at the hotel while staying there, they said, "You are probably hearing things".This place is not ideal for kids or non-smokers. The smell of cigarettes is everywhere, and you'd go broke if visit here.
5	Posted a review About palms place...might be the same hotel as the palms casino, but the staff and professionalism of palms hotel casino was amazing. From the moment I walked in elda was the nicest, most helpful, courteous person I have ever worked with. The way she treated me from check-in made the entire trip amazing. Crazy how one good person, can change your entire experience. If you need anything, I would recommend reaching out to Elda at the palms!!!
4	I'm not a huge gambler, but even for me the casino is a tad small.  I like more choices on tables/dealers/min bets.  I have been to the clubs here a couple of times.  They're decent, but definitely not the "hot" clubs in Vegas.  Typically, I stay in rooms in Vegas to sleep and shower, so this was not my priority.Restaurants...  Food court is small: Nathan's hotdogs, McDonalds, a Pizza place, and Panda Express.  There are a few fine dining places here too.  I'm from LA, and grew up in the restaurant industry, so I'm a little picky.  NOVE - service was terrible, and food was mediocre.  LITTLE BUDDHA - our server was good, but forgot a very specific request, and did nothing to make up for it; the sushi is average - seemed fresh, but not particularly tasty.  Most importantly, the room.  We stayed in the Fantasy Tower, and had a REALLY big room, with a king size bed.  The bed was comfy, even though the sheets were not the softest.  The room didn't stink, like a lot of Vegas rooms do - so it was nice to come "home" to.  The room also had a jacuzzi tub that fits 2 people, which was kind of cool too!  Even though the location of the hotel is not necessarily the most convenient, it's not as horrible as people make it out to be.  If you head out for the day to the strip, just stay there, and it's only a couple taxi rides a day!  The cab drivers are also really adept at avoiding traffic, and I noticed that different drivers chose different routes each time.  We averaged $10-12 per ride, and we went from Palms to Caesars and Palms to the MGM.  Honestly, if you've done Vegas as many times as I have, this $10-12 is not a big deal, considering trying to get from Venetian to Mandalay can be just as bad and they're both on the strip!  Finally, I made an appointment a couple days in advanced and used their LA Sunset Tan salon to get my spray tan on!  Totally convenient!!!  The room was great, especially for the price!!!
3	Gotta love how my 1st entrance to one of their rooms is "The Real World Suite."When Real World was cool, I always thought the Vegas edition was the best one because of all it's torrid and crazy antics. Hollywood made that room bigger than life. Lemme just tell you that it's not! lolNot that I'm complaining....I mean, an invite to any hotel party is alway welcomed.But, I just assumed this suite would be bigger. It's a fun suite, for sure, with the locker style bathrooms, pool tables, and ridic view. But, alas, and again...it's soooo small. No wonder everyone in that suite was bonkers...they were claustrophobic!
4	We had a customer event here and it went perfectly! The Fantasy Tower has some really great suites that are good for entertaining people - all of our clients we're really happy and the fun ensued all night :)
2	We stayed in a Grand Suite, 51st floor. The view is nice. The food selection in the hotel is good (ranging from casual eats to the amazing Nove Italiano). The room was spacious, but we had a few unresolved complaints. The tv in the front room had blown speakers, the shower head was pulsing and spraying everywhere, and the alarm clock kept buzzing all night randomly (which we ended up just unplugging). Also our non-smoking room smelled like smoke, not a huge surprise in Vegas, but still kinda nasty.The club Rain had a "guest/ special dj"- Clinton Sparks something or other- sucked!!!! Walked in, walked around, walked out. The was playing 90's alternative music in a club! Seriously?? Blink 182? I'm good off that... Moon was the best club there. Playboy club was dead and the other club.. Can't remember the name. Kinda sucked that the hotel is far from the strip. Will try the new Cosmopolitan hotel or Bellagio next time.
4	I suppose luck was on my side when I entered myself in one of their Twitter contests and won a free night stay at the hotel. Got myself a corner room on the 22nd floor of The Palms Tower. It was very spacious, and had a spectacular panoramic view of The Strip. I recommend you request one if they have it. You barely hear any noise from other guests passing through the halls because of the location. I didn't really get the chance to take everything in during my stay, as I was in and out most of the time. Because of that, I ended up forgetting my iPod charger when I checked out. I managed to get a hold of someone at the security desk and was able to claim it later that day with no hassle. Overall, very nice place to stay if you're considering being off The Strip.
3	I enjoy staying here when I come to Vegas to party and gamble during the Summer and I don't want to spend a lot of money on my room. They practically comp my rooms, even during peak times, and that's good enough for me. I suggest arriving on Thursday to avoid the rush of people checking in on Friday and leaving on Sunday or Monday even. The buffet is decent and so is room service. Slip the check-in clerk a 20 and ask for an upgrade and they can usually do something...although not always. The lounges are fun and sometimes there's a rock concert in the Pearl (if there is one, you should highly consider seeing it because the acoustics in there are STELLAR!)There's a movie theater on the property in case you get bored or just want to take a break from it all for an hour or two.All in all - nice place, very clean, nice folks running the place and the bartenders are friendly. I recommend it.
4	Love the service! I stayed at the studio suite. It is clean and NOT CROWDED! It's just a 8 dollar tax ride from the strip, but with privacy. I don't really have fun in vegas, but this place was pretty awesome.
2	Pretty sure this is where the locals from Las Vegas all come from their nursing homes to hang out on the weekend.  Cigarette smoke pollutes the air and you'd swear that your drink was spiked when you looked around at all the strange people hanging out on the casino floor.  The first day we at at the Mexican place, which was good and priced decently.  We also ate at the Asian/American place, which in concept made me completely against trying any of the sushi.  I opted for a Mediterranean salad, it was tasty and they weren't skimpy on the chicken I added to it. BUT the service was extremely slow and it wasn't even busy.  They really just didn't care.We were in the main towers and the rooms are seriously dated and the lighting is horrific.  It seemed as though they were clean, but maybe it's just because I couldn't actually see well enough to feel as though they weren't clean enough.  The heat in our room refused to turn off as though a ghost were turning it back up to high in the middle of the night.  It was so hot it was uncomfortable.Needless to say, after 4 days, I was more than ready to get the heck out of this crazy place and go home.
5	Very clean, very hip. Cool clubs, movie theaters, nice rooms. Pearl at the Palms is a great auditorium. This place is always busy and the valet is generally a huge pain, but the self park is so accessible that it's actually faster.
1	my husband and i stayed here because we bought a travel zoo voucher we had a suite  but the hotel was very boring no one was in the club and the sports lounge was a joke it was playoffs and it was only three couples there.  This place must be going out of business wont be back the room was average
4	Clean room.  Shower is a joy, if you can figure out how to make it hot. Good views of strip. 3 tvs, one in bathroom vanity.
3	Finally arrive in this freaking Bat Country after dealing with hella bats swarming around me during the trip. Me, Ray, and Daryl drove from LA to Vegas. Both my friends paid for the hotel which means I stayed there for free  =D . I'm glad I didn't wake up with a nasty hang over after a long night of drinking and partying. We sparked a joint and Hawaiian hotbox the bathroom. Now that's a perfect wake and bake to start my munchies. The buffet is pretty good except the eggs were liquidity which sucks. I enjoyed the crab legs and country fried steak with white country gravy. The only restaurant that opens 24/7 in the casino that I know of is McDonald's. I only gambled two slot machines but I just enjoy walking around the Strip and partying in different casinos. We went to this night club called Playboy Club which is a pretty nice club. We got in for free before 10, but I bought the most expensive beer I ever paid; a bottle of 12oz Corona for $10. (Black dude accent) Good Lord that's alot of money!!!!!!Why is there so many douche bags at the Palms? Oh wait, Pauly D and Snookie made an appearance in some club inside the Palms. Sorry to the Jersey Shore fans, that show sucks sweaty ballsacks. That show is garbage, bunch of air headed A&F models acting like retarded apes. I ran into so many JS douche bags inside the casino because they think they are better than others. Other than that, this place is legit except you have to pay extra for WiFi. I would stay here again if I don't pay anything.
3	I find myself at the Palms quite often, though less frequently with every passing year. The movie theater and the salon are my biggest reasons to come, though I'll say that N9ne is one of my favorite restaurants and the valets will treat you like rock stars when you take care of them and they get to recognize you (tip them $5 when you drop off your car and they'll give you VIP priority when you are leaving, even if it's busy).  I'm not a fan of the clubs here; they all feel a little dated to me (and I'm in my 30's) and tend to be a bit obnoxious. Some of them do give a great panoramic view of the city though! I'm also not a fan of how hard it can be to get a drink when gambling. We were here today for over an hour without a single waitress in sight and it was packed with heavy smokers. In the  past I did most of my gambling here, but now the gambling is incidental and only happens when I'm there for another reason.
3	I'm so over the Palms. When we got there (after a 6 hour drive) we found their check-in staff to be quite rude. Each person kept telling us to go to the clerk next to them until finally someone was willing to help us. The front desk is right off the casino and there's no separation from it. While we waited, we were surrounded by smoke. After finding out they no longer offer my boyfriend a business discount, we found out they charge a $16 per day mandatory "resort fee." Supposedly it includes a free drink for each day you're there, but if you're gambling you get free drinks anyway. What's the point? Also, they claim it covers parking and gets you discount admission into the clubs. This is where I really don't get it. First off, parking is free in Las Vegas at every resort. Secondly, they should be offering us complimentary admission to their clubs for being hotel guests. This new resort fee just seems like a BS way to make money. Also, the Palms Tower rooms are not renovated. They look like any old motel room, which includes big tube TVs and bad nature art. I found the towels to be rough and the products to be cheap. We had a view that included a roof and loading area. I stayed here a couple of years ago and remember the Palms being dark and modern. We must have stayed in the Fantasy Tower or something because these rooms looked nothing like the other. The drapes are an ugly burgundy and the carpet is worn. I found the casino to be nothing special and really smokey. Plus, there's always a line of people hanging out by our elevator since it's right next to where you go up for Ghost Bar. My other gripe is that housekeeping didn't do that thorough of a job cleaning our room. Each day there was still garbage in our trash can. I'm giving The Palms three stars because the concierge, Emma went above and beyond helping us find a very specific gift for our friend's birthday. I also like the Carthay House, which doubles as a diner. The food is reasonable here and the menu is diverse. They even had a dim sum cart going around. I'll be back for the restaurants, but I probably won't stay here again. It's way overrated unless you get a suite.
4	Good prices on food.  The place is good to go to save a bit of scrilla.  Dropped a ton at the Wynn and coulda saved a bundle if I stayed here.
2	Bubble TVs, no coffee maker in the room, no waste basket in the bedroom, no "Do Not Disturb SIgn," and no free internet (wired-in or wireless; it is $15 per day, PER DEVICE) -- the rooms are just OK with a cheap hotel feel. Room-wise, the Palms is on-par with a suburban Holiday Inn, if not a bit below.However, this all depends on the tower you end up in. One of them has been renovated.
4	So I went solo to Vegas for the first time utilizing a Groupon discount to give this city a whirl. I did a little research and learned of the infamous $20 upgrade trick to get a room upgrade that would otherwise be VERY pricey. I gave it a try at my check in and got upgraded from a Superior room to a Studio Suite on the 53rd floor facing the strip in the Palms Place tower. Holy crap the room was spectacular. Two 50" plasma TVs, fully stocked kitchen, wet bar, rainwater shower head with addition heads, jacuzzi tub, bed and a full couch. The downside? It was about a 5 minute walk from my room to the casino which doesn't seem bad but if you forget something and have to go back you waste 10 mins on travel. The Casino was smokey and the slots were full of the elderly and people with dead eyes. I played a bit but didn't have any fun or win much money so I went to the Blackjack tables. I had a very good time and the dealers and fellow gamblers alike were funny and helpful. The drinks came slow until I tipped $15 to get them fast and from then on they came right before my glass got empty. Be careful, I took in A LOT of whiskey in a short amount of time.  The partying options there were pretty nice and varied quite a bit. I went to the Saturday party at 1PM...that's not a typo just after noon, and went to the Ghostbar. Its a rooftop bar and they had women dancing in brightly colored wigs and even one of stilts. Everyone looked like they were in a LMFAO music video with all the over the top colors and bandanas and glasses they were handing out. I bellied up to the bar to find out that anything with Absolute Vodka was free from 1PM -2PM, that was awesome. I pounded lots of vodka in a short time with no guilt because this is normal Vegas behavior right? The bar was on the roof and that is where the patio opened up to and they even had glass panels so you could see what was down below...a long fall and the squeamish didn't even dare step on the glass. I had a good time despite the people there being uber-douches. After the Absolute open bar was done, they went back to charging $20 for mixed drinks so I left. Downsides overall:- They charge $15 for internet access a day. What a thumb to the eye this is when I had to pay because I was in my room nursing a 6PM hangover.- It can be very spread out and take a while to get to certain places.- Smokey Casino and the people there were either run-down or douche-tastic.- Off the strip- They lock all the balconies.....Upsides overall:- A wide range of food from 5-Star to the expected buffet.- FANTASTIC room that has absolutely everything, including a Trojan's pack which came in handy. - A view that was pretty unbeatable- Groupon and $20 trick gave me high roller looks on a Mac and Cheese budget- Easy ability to get lots of alcohol - The front desk gave me tons of coupons that added to the fun wihout costing me a dime- Staff was great, I even got a Host that took care of any need I had. All-In-All I would go back and I learned a lot from my first Vegas visit and the Palms was a solid host for my good times.
4	I just got back from my March Madness trip and I have to say that The Palms is a "Nice" place to stay. Check in was easy (on a Thursday Morning) and we received a double queen room in the Fantasy Tower on the 30th floor. The room was nice. There was a flat screen TV in our room (Many posts I read prior to the stay said they had old TV's) and everything was clean.The casino is not that big (not an issue for me). The sports book is being renovated but they did have the Key West Ball Room set up with 4 huge screens and there were two areas in the casino to place bets. The main pool was closed due to the upcoming Spring Break party with Mtv, but the pool at Palms Place was open and it was decent.We did use our $15 drink vouchers everyday (part of the resort fee) and had other comps as part of our Groupon. Dining at Nove was awesome. The wait staff were very attentive and the bartenders were awesome. The bartenders gave us some free shots while waiting for our table and were great conversation. We went back to the bar after dinner and had a few cocktails before heading out.The Palms threw a lot of comps at us and we used them. The main reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the location. The strip has a different vibe than The Palms. More energy, more people, more everything. That's its only downside.Cabs were alway available and the trips were pricey to go back and forth. Not a huge inconvenience, but being on the strip, in my opinion, would have been better.You can't go wrong staying at the Palms, but if you want the action of Vegas it is on the strip. If you want lower key, this is the place to stay.
4	Whoop whoop! The palms saved me from a further cig smoke induced allergic attack at planet hollywood! After leaving ph and arriving here I felt this huge sigh of relief, the music was still fun enough to have me singing along while waiting to check in but not so deafening my ears had the potential to bleed!  Yes it's off the strip but we had a living social deal and wanted to use it! 2 nights, 2 free breakfasts, 75 to Nove (which is a whole other review, AWESOME) and free drinks.  Upon saying we were just wed we were immedatley upgraded to an awesome suite, and given quite a few vip passes for ghost bar, playboy club.  We had a blast at the palms, it was the perfect way to wrap up the wedding weekend before heading off to the happiest place on earth (disney) and then the scariest (horror nights at universal).People gripe about everything but it's a great place to lay your head and they were truly accomidating and good to us so yeah i'm a fan!.
3	10 years ago I would've given the Palms 4 stars, but it's gone down hill.  No longer is it the super cool hot spot that it once was, where, even though it's kinda far from the strip, it was still worth going to.My girlfriends and I stayed here for my bachelorette party using a Groupon, so it wasn't too expensive.  They always get you with "Resort fees" though.  Almost all good Vegas hotels charge this stupid fee now just to get a few extra bucks outta you.  The rooms are fine, nothing special.The main reason I chose this hotel besides the Groupon is because they have more than one club that we could get into for free, in fact they have 4!  Moon, Ghostbar, the Playboy Club and Rain.  Because we had all 4 places to go to for free, it was SWEET!  We had a great time club hopping and ending up at Ghostbar at the end of the night.  BUT, if it weren't free, I don't think we would've paid to get into any of those places.  Rain was SUPER over-packed, and although I can deal with that just fine, some girlfriends of mine couldn't handle it.  The Playboy club is super small, and although the atmosphere is cool it was dead.  Moon was ok, but nothing really special, and Ghostbar is more of a lounge.  Combined they all together make for a really fun night, but if you were just going to choose 1, you'd have to go to Rain to get the club experience.The Palms has this medium-scale mexican restaurant where the food was pretty good and not super over-priced.  Us girls had a fine meal one night there.Overall, the Palms was A-OK, if you can get a good deal on a room and free admission to the clubs.  But if you're going to be charged an arm and a leg, go somewhere newer.
3	I have been staying here the past few years because my colleague does business w/ the Maloofs and he has direct access to Maloofs assistant. However, I didn't notice any red carpet treatment all the times I have stayed here. The place is nice enough and has sufficient amenities including a banging Ditch Fri pool party, but it is too far from the strip. In addition, the staff at the 24 hr joint are lame. The Asian food at the 24 hr joint is horrible. Now that my colleague left my co, I think I will stay on the strip.Please look at my reviews for Ghost Bar, Rain, Playboy and N9NE Steakhouse
4	This review is for Rain's Day club --Grand opener last Saturday to kick up their spring break and i must say, it was insane. Great hot weather with a nice cold beverage. DJ was on point. Its an every Saturday event from 11am-4pm. Free as long as you mentioned DJEFX on their table guest list/line. There are two levels. Second level is to view the entire venue and first floor is where all the pool and cabanas are at. There are three different bars. Center stage gets the most attention so choose the ones on the side for less wait. Took me half an hour to just get one beer. Overall, nice and big.
5	My wife and I stayed in the Palms Tower March 31st - April 4th. Our room was upgraded to a junior suite at the end of the hallway, 14102 to be exact, the quietest room we've ever had. The bedding was great, down comforter, nice firm bed and both firm and soft pillows to chose from. No hotel can predict what your neighbors will be like, this time we got really lucky. Being at the end of the hallway really helps. We ate at the 7/24 cafe for a late bite one nite and the veggie sandwich and turkey wrap ($12 each) were delicious. Everything on them was fresh, the avocado was perfect! Ate at the buffet for Sunday brunch and lunch another day. It's not the biggest buffet for sure but if you have a Palms player card you get a discount which makes it very affordable. The hotel does seem to cater to the younger crowd but we're not "young" anymore and we enjoyed ourselves. You'll definitely see lots of young people dressed to the nines at nite going to the clubs. They included a pass to the Playboy Club which we didn't use and passes to the Drift Spa which we did use. My wife got a deep tissue massage which she said was great. ($135 minus the $30 discount from the 7/24 receipt)Their weight room was clean with lots of new equipment, the steam room super hot just the way I like it, great shower and dressing area with all the amenities. Also included were $15 in drink credits for each day we stayed at any of the casino bars. One thing we like was all the discounts they offer if you use the facilities. You get a discount at the buffet if you have a players card and on the receipt is a 20% discount at the 7/24 restaurant for dinner. On that receipt is a discount for $30 off any spa treatment over $100 at the Drift spa. Nice! They also have a food court and a movie theater. It's just across from the Gold Coast and diagonal from the Rio. Not walking distance to the strip but we had a car so it wasn't a problem. Most of the time the table action was $10 min+ but in the morning you might get lucky with $5 min if that's what you're into. The drink staff were attentive and took care of our needs. Look for special offers and you won't be disappointed.Always ask for a room away from the elevator/ice machines and at the end of the hallway if possible! Remember it's not the hotels fault if you get lousy noisy neighbors. We've stayed at so many nice hotels and it doesn't seem to matter how much you pay, your neighbors are a crap shoot.
5	this review is strictly for the palms pool partywhich was amaaaazing ! i felt like i was in a movie because the place was so sick! luckily we got there before the crowds of people flooded the place and got to go to the upper level to tan. the pool party is def more for the younger crowd and they blast electro music, have water controlled temp pools and chairs everywhere. theyre pretty strict about what you bring in, there was even security guard going through all the bags/purses. only downside is that its pretty far from the strip but its soooo worth it to chill here for a bit and tan on the roof. probably one of my favorite places off the strip !
4	Just stayed at the Palms over the weekend for the first time and the hotel kind of grew on me.  We got a deal through Expedia and after reading some of my yelpers on here made sure I booked a room in the new Fantasy Tower.  When it comes to standard rooms, I put Mandalay Bay on a pedestal because their standard rooms are top notch.  The Palms Fantasy Tower rooms were just as good.  The king size bed was excellent and the whirlpool bath was refreshing.  There was plenty of room and the couch was a nice bonus.  There was also a 32" flatscreen in the room as well.The casino itself was kind of chill.  More of a younger crowd then and the property wasn't overly huge where you felt like you had to walk a half mile to get to the pool or a restaurant like the MGM.  The smell of smoke was manageable in the casino, not liked it was soaked into the carpet similar to Excalibur.  I was able to find a spot at the Crabs table at any time of the day.  The only thing I wasn't sure of was the $15 a day resort fee which they charge for in-room internet access.  When I checked on the TV for the WIFI password, I was told that it would be $15 a day but I thought that was already included?I would return again to the Palms for the right price.
1	Slipped and fell in the bathtub (bottom was very slick) . Called down the to the desk, explained to the girl who answere the phone what had happened and asked for an ice pack. She asked if I was ok and assured me she would send one. 20 mins later bell boy shows up with a small white bucket of ice (the ice machine was right next to our room...pretty sure I could have done this myself). Told him what had happened. He said he didn't think they had "ice packs" but suggested I call housekeeping because they have the plastic bags that go in the ice buckets in the room and I could put the ice in that and use it as an ice pack! 2 hours later when we checked out I told the guy who was checking us out what happened and he asked if I wanted to speak to the manager. I told him I was in a hurry to get my two cheerleaders to their competition so I couldn't. He verified my phone number on file and assured me someone would be getting back to me. It's Tuesday (two days later) and no one has called yet!
4	The Fantasy Tower is pretty dope. High ceilings and all. But word to the wise...make sure you're double checking your room charges daily!  They tried to charge us for missing items in the mini bar and for a movie we apparently watched while we were sleeping.  But they were quick to take the charges off. So that's a plus.
3	Definitely a place for the young crowd. Supposedly the loosest slots in Vegas but I never won anything here.
4	I sincerely enjoyed every moment in this hotel.  the buffet was amazing.  Usually I'm a little nervous about buffets, but this one is well taken care of, fresh. clean and carries a great selection.  They'll even make an omelet for you.  Love!The room was immaculate, with a great view of the mountains and some of the strip.  It felt cozy, but had enough room.  the bathrooms are nice too, which I am picky about.the gaming tables leave a little to be desired, but we did have a good time on the craps table... lost money, but a good time.  The dealer was willing to answer questions, and we were able to get a couple drinks.  All in good fun :)If you stay here, or even if you don't, you MUST go to the rooftop restaurant.  AMAZING.  Crazy service, delicious food, a close up view of the Palms lit sign.  It was by far one of the best, most romantic, enjoyable dinners I've ever had.  When I come back to the Palms, I will be eating here again.  The ownership needs to take note of the staff's professionalism and care for their customers.  Top notch.
4	It's Tuesday night and we just landed in Vegas without a care in the world! Party time has began and we wanna hit up a club.  Our go to in Vegas suggested the palms since we wouldn't be able to check in until after midnight.  Guest list at palms goes till 1am so that's perfect for us.Stacia sent us a text with check in directions and the contact info for (Chazzy) our palms promoter so check in was easy pleasey! Free entry for all girls at all the palms clubs.  Ghostbar has an awesome view of the strip with a cool see through floor on the roof.  Moon was crazy busy with a packed dance floor and party people having a great time.  Moon also had a two level outdoor patio with another jaw dropping view.  Oh how I love Vegas!  We partied till 4am with some California guys who were visiting for a conference!  I highly doubt those guys made the 9am meeting with the way the shots were going down at Moon nightclub.Highlights:Sexy go-go girlsStrong drinksRetractable roof on the dance floorAwesome view!Hilarious elevator guyFancy bathroom with anything a girl could ever need (just tip attendant)
2	This place is an absolute dump! Room upgrade by my Casino Host was a joke. Crawling with working girls. TV, out of date, poor picture quality and I had to call the desk to fix it as I only received 6 channels. Overall the hotel is run down. Our group will not be back. (I was told)I was on business and I hope I never have to go back. The buffet was pretty good, however, definitely over rated! The steak house has excellent food but, $$$$+.Gambling, I left very happy. So happy I donated a chunk of my winnings to my church.There are far better hotel/casino's in LV.
2	We stayed at the Palms for two nights on a Groupon special, it seemed like a great deal and it came with $100 of pool side food service; we had to be in Vegas for a wedding and this seemed like a great place to stay. Unfortunately, we were quite disappointed in the rooms and the service. The beds had visible concave dips in them. Thankfully there were two of them so my husband and I could sleep in our own dip independently. the bathrooms were large yet not efficiently so. There is no fan in our bathroom (which seems odd) and the hardware for the toilet paper and the faucet was shoddy. Now I realize that most people go to Vegas to party and normally don't care about such things, but for the same price I can stay on the strip (which we did on our last night in Vegas) and have a very comfortable room. The pool was nice and a fun thing to do during the week. the lifeguards and the pool service were friendly and attentive, although service was a little slow. The casino gets awfully smoky, which is a bummer if you don't smoke and don't enjoy smelling like an ashtray. I was not impressed with the restaurant selections either. I think this place is fine if you are just there to party at the pool and at the clubs.
2	I guess since I'm in my thirties now and married with two kids, Vegas is a bit different than when I used to frequent The Palms 10 years ago! Got a groupon for two nights and decided to get away with my husband! Here are some things that made me wish I spent more and headed to The Cosmo or the Wynn or anywhere but here! *superior king room was in the palms tower and was old, broken shower head, crazy broken sharp piece of the bed sticking out, no tv remote, bed was ok, pillows blew,just over all.....run down and in need of a facelift! *pool was a pain (what happened to grabbing your magazines and heading out to the pool for a stiff drink and a Vegas tan with some cool music playing?) you are stopped, harassed, told to wait in line, put on your wristband, and then I had to throw out my new bottled water....this was a club (full fist pumping included, and all 20 something's wasted and in high heels and tiny bathingsuits) Loud, no place to sit and maybe two waitresses in the whole pool area. Went to get a drink at the bar and the bartenders seemed super annoyed. $100 pool credit that came with the groupon went fast based on a $14 drink! If you like jersey shore, you will love the palms.*casino was smokey and seemed dirty and old. A casino is a casino but clearly the newer hotels do something amazing to make them smell heavenly, even with all the cancer sticks being lit up left and right. My husband said they had a weak sports book. It was called a satellite...lame!  *we did not go to the ghostbar here! I didn't bring my extra wedding vail and micro mini. *drift spa is the only reason this hotel gets two stars! I had a 5 star massage at the spa and I wish I could remember her name but that experience was great! Bottom line: I'm not 21 anymore (and thank god I'm not) but this smokey, dirty, run down, b-lister hotel needs an overhaul BIG TIME! The Cosmo, Aria, Encore and Wynn seem more up my alley! Disclaimer: my husband and I love to hang and watch a good concert, sports on tv, enjoy a good pool scene, eat good food and enjoy good drinks. We are what I think are kinda hip and cool thirty something's but we felt like old goats at this hotel! Overall we had a great weekend but spent most of our time at other hotels! We went to the cosmo every  night!
5	This was a great location they upgraded us to a pool side  Bungalow . The front desk agent Brandi was great and pleasant, all the staff from the casino floor people to the food servers to the valet were wonderful over a great place and i look forward to going back when a deal is secured .
4	Cantor Race and Sports book is really classy. Beautiful, clear screens displaying games, races and lines.
1	This hotel needs so much work..the service here is completely dead !! we stayed a room that was amazing but other than that it was bad. The pool attendants the cocktail servers the security should all be fired.
3	Went to the buffet with a 2 for 1 coupon. Food was pretty good for the most part except the crab legs were overcooked. Our drink server/bus lady was WONDERFUL and came by the table often to check on us. I would recommend it IF you have a 2 for 1 deal. For regular price you can go to a lot of better casino buffets.
5	I spent four nights midweek at the Palms and had an absolutely fabulous time. My suite in the Palms Tower was spacious, supercomfortable, and had a spectacular view of the whole city (Note to smokers: The slightly more modern Fantasy Tower is entirely smoke-free, except for the nightlife options). The room did lack flat-screen TVs and an iPod dock but was still amazing overall. Service is excellent also, I asked for extra ashtrays and they were delivered to me in less than five minutes! The casino is large and offers $10 blackjack all-day, everyday. The dealers are very friendly and a lot of fun. All of the restaurants offer excellent food. Moon nightclub is a very intense experience also. The bars are nice (Mint Lounge in particular) and the bartenders are very welcoming and professional. The pool area is well-kept though you have to get there early (true for most resorts to be fair). The hotel is away from the strip but there is a free hourly shuttle to Caesar's Palace and the cab fare is only $10-12. This was my fifth trip to Vegas and I will definitely be returning to the Palms again. Highly recommended.
3	Old, forgotten and dirty.
3	you know how the saying goes "what happens in Vegas...goes on Yelp."Palms is a very average hotel. Not the best, and not the worst.I hate that it's so far from the actual strip so you don't really get the whole Vegas experience. This is my second time staying at the hotel, and I still had a great time. C'mon...its Vegas!!
5	Booked Hotel online, I always wanted to stay here, (lived in Vegas for 8 years)..When I checked in they upgraded us to a huge corner suite, Excellent service, treated us like VIP's! Suite had Amazing views, windows all around, dual master bath--Very nice, Modern, super comfy bed, & AVEDA products! I Had friends/fam come visit, went to Ghost Bar & Playboy Club, Love the views, and the outside seating! Palms Pool is Amazing, They give you wristband's for Ditch Fridays--Crazy pool party, like a day club! Gets packed super fast, so get there as early as possible, more people than most night clubs! Had a Fabulous time--Gonna go again real soon!
3	I'm tempted to give them a higher score but I feel like I need to account for both the location (off the strip) and my obsession with The Girls Next Door (Playboy). I probably would never have stayed here if it weren't for the Playboy theme. But I greatly enjoyed the Playboy store, the Playboy bunnies as dealers and the Playboy club. Ghostbar is pretty cool too! It's a small hotel but it definitely has everything you need. I went in December so I can't speak about the pool, though. If you're going to take advantage of their restaurants and bars, then staying there is definitely worth it. We ate at N9Ne Steakhouse and Alize and visited Ghostbar, Moon and the Playboy Club. N9Ne was phenomenal - the lobster mashed potatoes were to die for. I didn't love my food at Alize but I think that's only because I was a little too adventurous as my boyfriend said it was his favorite food of the trip. The views at Alize are amazing as well. Our room was much bigger than at other places but the decor was nothing special. I'm very glad I stayed here but I'm not sure I'd stay here again.
1	I've been coming here regularly for years.  But my last trip was terrible.  The service was not up to the standards I'd become accustomed too.Check in:There is absolutely no order to the process.  No indication of a line to check in, so we stand near one of the 3 clerks currently checking people in.  During this ridiculously long wait, a line 7 deep forms behind me.  Now this is over 15 minutes of waiting.  Really should not take that long the check people in.  I understand once in a while there are issues with check in, but when there are 3 at the same time, that's got to be a hotel thing.Along with the three clerks, there were two additional people at the front desk, a clerk and a supervisor.  Neither bothered to look up, as if they were purposefully trying to remain unaware of the long line for people forming, waiting and being annoyed.Finally one of the clerks was finished.  Unfortunately it was the one farthest from me, because a random guest ran up to the desk and needed some sort of assistance.  By the time we got to stand in front of a clerk, it had been 30 minutes.  Only the same 3 clerks working the line with now 10 people behind me, and not moving.  We were done in 5 minutes, but the others two were still working the same people.  As we were headed to the elevator, another clerk came out to help the line move.The room:Housekeeping had neglected a few items.  We were short on our mixed matched which may not bug most, but that bugs me.  How hard it is to ensure that a room has matching towels!?!  The room did not have a 'Do Not Disturb' sign, which caused a bit of an issue, when housekeeping decided to come barging into the room.  Luckily, we were only unwinding from the drive and long stand in line.I like little conveniences like room service breakfast.  This allows me to sleep in, and wake up to breakfast.  Typically, they have a door hangtag which allows us to check what we want and hang it on the door.  Someone comes by around 2 AM, a cart with breakfast at my designated time.  There was also no room service menu.  We did have free internet, which was a plus.Let's talk privacy. ABSOLUTELY NONE.  I don't remember the walls being so thin, but I guess I spent more time in my room then on a typical trip.  I don't need to hear my neighbors and they don't need to hear me.  I could hear both ends of a disturbing cell phone conversation going on outside my room.Room Service Breakfast:Before we left for Dinner we swung by the front desk to have housekeeping go back and properly prepare our room, and leave us a 'Do Not Disturb' sign and a Breakfast Hang Tag.  We got the sign and a Room Service Menu.  Close enough.  Got up a little early to order breakfast.  Boyfriend got bacon, eggs, and hash browns.  Easy nothing to mess up.  The Butter was even molded to match the logo, cute.  I got CHEWY Belgian Waffles and fresh fruit.  I don't think I need to say anymore about that.  Drift Spa: I wanted a massage, so I called the Drift Spa during business hours and got a recording.  I left a message as requested and no call back in over 90 minutes.  I call back, and again, no answer.  We finally go out to dinner and when we return, there is no message from the Spa.  I decide that an incompetent front desk I can over look, so I can judge the spa for its services.  The next morning, I call and schedule a couples Shiatsu Massage.  We were happy enough with the massage, but the Deep Tissue was the way to go.  If you are considering services at the spa, they bill in a non-negotiable 20% tip for the service providers.  I don't think this unreasonable, since there is the person who keeps the facilities stocked and fresh, and bring you slippers, in addition to the masseur.Check Out:We were originally planning to do video check out, because that's a nice convenience.  However, upon review of the bill, there was a random $65 charge attached to the room.  We went over everything we charged to the room and could not account for this $65 dollars.  So we headed down to the front desk.  Same mess as check in.  Disorderly blob of people. Had to figure out where and if there was a line, and naturally the inconsiderate folks who walk up first got served first. (I'd remember this for next time so I could be a bit more aggressive, but I think after 7+ years, and seeing this type of degradation, I'm going to take my meager business to one of the many other hotels in Vegas.)I digress, we get to a clerk, coincidentally the same one who checked us in, and he pulls the bill.  The $65 was for the 'FREE' Internet.  Who knew that FREE = $65, especially considering internet charges in the past was $12.99 for 24-hour access.  Clerk made a phone call and fixed this up for us.Gaming:Mostly slots, few gaming tables, even less open, poker room blows.All in all, I'd say the worst experience I've had in the 7+ years I've been going to Palms. Bad enough to end the relationship, as far as I'm concerned.
2	I went through all the reviews about this hotel before I booked to stay here. When reading the reviews I thought they cant be right after all its the Palms. Well we came to Vegas for our wedding and all the bad reviews are true. The only reason I gave this hotel two stars is the staff. They really do try to make you happy, but with what they have to work with it is almost impossible. Tom is the greatest he should be working at a newer more cared for hotel.      It was our wedding so we asked to be put somewhere quiet, we got booked by the pool party. It was nonstop bass shaking the room, we had paid for the fantasy tower upgrade so we even asked to down grade just to get so peace and quiet. Tom moved us to a corner room that was bigger, but a dive. Both tvs where broken, we had to have their service men come up three times to fix the one that was fixable. The other tv was completely broken, so no fixing it.      All and all it was loud, run down, and as another reviewer wrote run down.
4	I was very impressed with this hotel. The casino is NOT friendly but the rooms are great and the service is friendly. You have to love the breakfast buffet price. I ate at the 24/7 cafe and had a great dinner. I think I would actually plan a trip around this hotel again.
4	I didn't stay here but I came to the pools during the week since I called and it was free. Walking through the Palms was awesome, I'm definitely visiting some of the food places next time I come. The pool area was beautiful. There were a couple levels [not all of which were open when I went since it was during the week and not that busy]. All of the people were hot, from employees to guests to visitors. Bartenders were super cool, I definitely would recommend coming here if you have some time.Only star off is the location of the hotel. I know it's to late to help it now and that the location serves a bigger purpose for the owner but I feel like the inconvenience factor should deck them a star. Sorry.
2	This hotel is lame. I loved the pool and the fact that we had 2 comped nights but wow, I was majorly disappointed! I'm only talking about the Palms. Palms Place looked dope. I would consider this around motel 6 status for a standard room. Comped room or not, never again! Seriously, tube TVs that are staticy. You gotta hit the damn thing for a clear picture, ha ha.
4	Had a groupon deal for 2 nights (fantasy tower?) with a $100 pool credit. The good:The check-in was easy. I think from the time we got the keys, to the valet, to the bag check into the actual room was probably 10 minutes. Perhaps because it was on a Sunday, it was so quick. Overall, we liked the room. It was clean & didn't have the 'hotel smell'. The beds were comfy & everything worked. It was quiet & we slept with no interruptions (even if it was for only 4 hours of sleep)The majority of the employees were friendly and helpful. (front desk, valet, security, housekeeping, doormen, hostess) Except for a ditzy waitress at the 24 hr cafe. I think  it was the end of her shift & she just wanted to get out of there. The Palms Place pool was so relaxing. Rented a cabana and chilled for about 6 hours.Got in free to the Ghostbar. It was a sparse crowd, but liked the view. The small complaints: Would've liked the room to be a bit cooler. I lowered the thermostat 3 times & it seemed like it only got a few degrees cooler. The bathroom sink stopper was lowered, so the water drained out slowly. Couldn't figure out how to bring it up. There were (2) items missing from the snack bar. I didn't take anything, but made sure wasn't charged for it either. The Palms Place pool took a while to get to and directions were not very clear. We got into the wrong elevator. But once we got there, everything was great. (was recommended to go to this pool because the other was more of a 'party scene')When checking out, had to remind them I had a pool credit and was not to be charged for the food & drinks. It was corrected. I already recommended to some others to give this place a try. And I would stay here again as well (keep an eye out for those groupons!)
4	Nice place to visit.  A little off strip which can be inconvient.
5	I was at the palms this week and found myself to be separated from my group. I ended up in this high limit bar called The Mint. It's a little cute bar located next to the Buffet. (Which I think is kind of ironic. A high limit room next to a buffet?). Anyway I went in and found the room to be semi busy and a bartender named Jamie working by herself. I ordered a drink from the drink menu and it was awful! Jamie made me a different one without hesitation. (I will say that she warned me beforehand that the first drink I ordered was not very "popular" lol). The next drink she made was fabulous! (you have to try the Rosarito! Amazing!)Some servers get irritated when you send drinks back but she didnt skip a beat. Even chatting with me in between serving the lounge area and making all the drinks. She let me use her personal phone to call my friends since the house phone didn't  allow me to call long distance. She was very helpful and quite funny, keeping me entertained for about 2 hours while i waited for my friends. I wasn't staying at the palms but ended up coming back the next two days to drink at The Mint before going to the club and shows. Excellent service, excellent drinks, and all the girls who work here are gorgeous! Always a plus! All the girls I came into contact with in this bar were awesome. Unfortunately I don't know any of their names as they don't wear nametags, and I didn't have much one on one time with them as I did the first day I stopped in. Because of the recommendations I received and fantastic service, I will be staying at the palms on my next Vegas trip!
3	Take into consideration what I look for in a hotel and what I came with:- a place to sleep- a great tub- I have two small children- my husband and I don't drink or gamble (yes, people like us exist)The breakdown (in 10 points or less):1.  The staff was fine at the desk.  Our house-keeping lady is an angel.2.  The amenities in the rooms were good.3.  Mini-fridge with no place for you to put your own food.  That sucked.4.  No coffee maker, no microwave, no DVD player.  I thought that was a bit strange.5.  Nice, calm view.  Nothing glitzy.6.  Wasn't super crowded and didn't have a whole bunch of drunk people screaming on top of their lungs - always a good bonus.7.  The breakfast buffet (which I imagine is free for lots of hotel guests) is actually REALLY good.  Not like GREAT food, but good enough.  Especially for free.  It's usually $9 a person, which I think it very reasonable considering what you're getting there and the variety.  I did Yelp this restaurant separately if anyone cares to read about it.8.  It has a shuttle that goes to the strip (this is totally off the strip) but it ends at 8 PM.  I don't know about anyone else, I thought that was ridiculous. We came with our minivan and holy cow, we should have just drove in our first night!  Yikes!!  It would have been cheaper than our $9 two-minute taxi ride!9.  My husband and children thoroughly loved the pool area.  10.  Resort fee was $20 a night and that came with our internet access.  I'm not crazy about that, but I have no idea what other hotels on the strip charge for the same service.Would I come back if I were to stay in Vegas again?  I don't know.  It really depends on the price.  I think it's just a matter of taste.  I think it's fine for what we needed, absolutely.  But most people who come to Vegas probably wants a lot more than what The Palms Hotel has to offer.
4	Woot Woot!Yeah it's far from the strip but whatever! Take a shuttle :) Now my friend treated us to the hotel room that was clean and neat with a little view of the Rio and part of the strip. Awesome awesome awesome. I'm here to compliment on the Casino itself! The dealers at the Pai Gow table, gosh i remembered all their names, were incredibly friendly. They taught me how to play and it is definitely a friendly game. I won a lot and lost a lot but had a great time sippin free dranks. I never had so many white russians, hot chocolates and mojitos in my life in a single sitting. They have a tiny little poker room and my boyfriend had a blast there. I'm really not sure how "comps" work there.The buffet was eh. Sure we can eat a bunch of crab legs. Nothing in the buffet was spectacular, not even Easter brunch. I take that back. The mimosas were nice. Anyhow, it was a good getaway and actually kind of a cool experience not being on the strip. :)
5	Every Friday, they have pool party but closed at 6pm. Pretty awesome!
3	Place was dead on Tuesday and Wednesday. A bunch of single deck BJ tables only. The rooms were very small and nothing special. The water temp in the shower would not get hot enough for my liking. This place has lost a lot of it's appeal. Hopefully the new owners can make it fun again. Ghost bar view is great. Gin and Tonic was $13, which is pretty typical of a Vegas club. A bottle of water costs $5. I'd rather stay at the RIO when staying off the strip.
2	Overall, like the Palms for the entertainment, fight nights, good movie theater etc. I got a deal to stay in the Fantasy Tower as a gift to my mother's birthday. Was told the entire tower was non-smoking. She has very bad asthma and is very sensitive to smoke. However, come Friday night, I woke up in the middle of the night and our room wreaked of smoke! Our room was right near the elevators, which have ashtrays (even though it's non-smoking...go figure). The smoke was basically rolling in under our door all night. We went to the front desk and asked to change rooms, which they granted us. That didn't really change the fact that my mom was out of commission for a full day and everything we owned wreaked. I asked them why if the tower is non-smoking do they put ashtrays in the Fantasy tower outside the elevators on each floor? They said because they wanted to give people that are coming up from the casinos a chance to extinguish their cigarettes. I posed the question "So, are you condoning the illegal activity of smoking in elevators then?" They just kind of beat around the bush with that one. If you are going to advertise something as non-smoking, than make it so. Vegas is not short of places for people to smoke.
4	Walked past Floyd Mayweather here. Pretty awesome, I'm just sayin'! This was my first stay at the Palms. I scored a really awesome deal here for a weekend at their Fantasy tower on Expedia. This was my first time staying at a hotel that wasn't directly on the strip and didn't know what to expect. Frankly, I loved it. Being farther from the strip, I found the casino grounds to be less crowded than the other strip hotels, even on the weekend.Our room was spacious, had an oversized tub with jacuzzi, flat screen tv, king sized bed with comfortable linens, and an awesome view of the pool. Needless, to say we loved our room. I can only imagine how awesome the suites are, maybe next visit I'll shell out for one.The pool party scene here is a lil more low key than the more douchey ones you can find at Wet Republic or Rehab. Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed it. There's a live DJ, beautiful people, and they even have the ocassional celebrity appearance. Getting to the strip can get expensive but luckily they have a free shuttle service that runs every 30 min. from 11am-8pm. The drop off point is at at the valet parking over at Caears Palace.In terms of food options, there is a small food court and a few fancier choices. Their steakhouse N9Ne, is pretty popular but I have yet to eat there. In summation, I believe this is a great place to stay if you don't mind the extra distance from the strip. Not a really a big deal in my book because you already have to cab it pretty much everywhere in Vegas. Thumbs up!
4	Great Food!
5	This is the place to stay great hostess KIM the best. If you like the slots they have them all i even play the tables and i never do any at any other casino. Also they have a movie theatre and im a movie buff so i love this. The food is great if you like good cusine THE 9STEAK HOUSE and NOVE ITALIANO. I cant wait to go back.
5	Palms Casino Buffet is Great!!! After trying several of the buffets here in Vegas, I have to say the buffet here at the Palms is pretty awesome, based on the price, cleanliness, service and quality of food and the variety. During lunch they have some great Thai items such as Red Curry chicken, Green Curry Beef and the standard Yellow Curry. It is a nice addition and welcome change from the standard buffet fare. In addition they have some Greek items, a nice selection of well seasoned Chinese dishes and fried shrimp. Their desserts are above average and the salad station offers chilled grilled veggies along with an array of nice salad toppings.The servers are always friendly and attentive. The ambiance is bright yet inviting and the tables are always clean.The wait time can vary based on the time of day, so if going at peak hours, be sure to allow an extra 20 minutes or so to be seated.The casino is a lot of fun and there is a movie theater here as well.A Great place with Great atmosphere! Check it out!!!
5	Stayed June 14th. I flew the red eye in and was at the hotel by 8am Thursday morning. I knew it was really early but i thought i would try to check in anyway. Elda ( I hope i remember her name correctly), helped me at the front desk. She was very nice, and noticed i was really in need of a room. She checked my res but nothing was available at the moment because it was so early, so she took my info and promised to call me when something opened up. Told her id like to hit the gym since I'm here and no place to go. She said there is a cardio room that's free to hotel guest but i wanted to lift so directed me to the gym at the Palms Place Drift Spa. Drift Spa charged me $15 to use the facilities. The place was really really nice. I only wanted to do some cardio and lift some weights. But i had full access to all the other amenities too. They gave me a free locker, tons of towels, free bottles of water everywhere you look, also had tons of fruit. The gym equipment was nice but the room itself was a little small. Only had 3 other people and a trainer in there at the time but i can imagine it can get crowded quickly. Towels and water were at all the machines. It felt like a luxury gym, made my home town 24 hour look like a backyard gym.As soon as i finished my workout, showered, and changed Elda called my phone and said she got me a room. I was super stoked. Stopped at Sports book put $100 on Miami to win Game 2, then went back to front desk, got my key, and thanked her immensely. The room was also much better than what i think we had reservations for. It was in the fantasy tower, modern design furniture, new flat TVs, and the bathroom was super nice. I hit the bed for a few hours to rest up for the crazy weekend to come. BTW Ditch Fridays are AWESOME!!I would definitely stay here again. Customer service was top notch. Elda accommodated me with an early check in, got coupons for bogo beers, and bracelets for Ditch Friday.
3	If you want to gamble, do not stay in this hotel. If you don't mind commuting then I guess it's kinda ok but there are better options.If you are looking for a good night club, depending on the day, its a good place. We loved the night club at the Palms. The breakfast buffet is cheap and actually very good. Now we have eaten around a ton of places, especially breakfast. It's less than 10 dollars here and believe me, it is good.Apart from that, the rooms are mediocre,service is mediocre and a big no no to gambling here. I would rather walk across the street to the gold coast to gamble.Unless you get fairly cheap rooms under 50 bucks. Do not stay here.
4	The Palms Buffet is the best in town.  It seemed to change since last year and when I asked they said it is a new chef since last year.  The food is constantly fresh what ever tie you get there.  The Asian flavors like Thai and Filipino are authentic and Hawaiian is available.I would give the Palms 5 stars but the table games fall short.  There are never enough of the 10$ BlackJack out of a shoe.  Some of the tables on the South should be opened up for more BlackJack.   If they had more Black Jack and Craps tables this place would be perfect.The slots always seem to pay!!!The last complaint is the removal of Kids Quest.  They offer so much for locals but removing Kids Quest has made a difference for parents who can no longer go there.
4	It was okay.Annoyed that their buffet closes intermittently. Annoyed that their pool closes at 6. Annoyed that there are two pools RIGHT. NEXT. TO. EACH. OTHER. yet they close one cuz it isn't busy enough... ? (wha...?) But, the rooms were really clean, the food was really good & it's really nice that they have a free shuttle going to The Forum. I'd come back.
2	The casino needs a MAJOR revamping.The dealers are rude and not helpful like at most Vegas hotels.The poker room was average, at best.The front desk workers are all idiots.The buffet closes sporadically throughout the day.The shuttle runs only from 11-8/The Palms Club card and comps are a joke and impossible to acquire.The restaurant staff members were ALL so nice.The food is really good for what you pay.The concierge was so friendly.There is a free shuttle from 11-8.The food court offers great choices.We stayed at Palms Place, and I haven't been to Tower rooms in forever, so I won't comment on that. I'm sad to say, I think the Palms is going down hill from 2002,3,4,5,6,7,8....It's too bad.
5	We had a GREAT time at the Palms. We got a fantastic deal on Groupon, and stayed in the Fantasy tower for half the cost of a normal room. The bedroom and bathroom were HUGE, the beds were super comfy, and the entire room felt freshly cleaned every day. The housekeeping staff are truly on point here.Note: we weren't in Vegas to gamble and we aren't big into buffets, so I have no experience with either of those things. The pool area at the Palms is very MTV Spring Break 24/7, but if that isn't your thing, you can meander via a skywalk over to the Palms Place pool, which features a smaller, but much more relaxing pool environment. Since we just wanted to chill and read, that was where we headed. Rain is a blast, and manages to pack a decent crowd in even on "slow nights" (we visited before the big Cinco de Mayo weekend). But...there is fire spewing from the ceiling. That. Is. Awesome. The bartenders and manager took great care of us. When our heels started to bother us, we got to sneak back into one of the VIP booths and take a breather, and a good tip to start the night off got us complementary drinks for the rest of the night. Ghostbar is also a must-visit location. Soaring high over the city with a great view of the strip, you have to treat yourself to a nightcap up there at least once. Even if you're not drinking, go up there and have a sparkling water or something. It's beautiful. I would advise staying away from the scary glass-floor part. Shudder. A final recommendation would be the cornflake-crusted french toast in the non-buffet breakfast area. It was AWESOME. My only complaint would be the distance from the strip. If you're going to be making frequent trips back and forth, call ahead and see how often the shuttle will be circling the area...because, with the amount that we spent on cabs, we could have just rented a car. But with the awesome Groupon, we still came out ahead!
1	Ew, this place is disgusting. We stayed in the fantasy suite building in the "pool suite"-but it would have been more aptly named 'nightmare suite.' Old, dirty, broken... And way overpriced. You couldn't pay me to stay here again.The whole place feels old, dirty, cheap and trashy. I think you get the point. AVOID!
3	Do yourself a favor and stay on the strip! It was a beautiful decor and friendly service but very hard to go back and forth to where all the action is.
5	Ok, let me start by saying I am a huge fan of this place. Great restaurants, and friendly and helpful staff. One thing that strikes you as you walk thru casino is the odd mix of patrons. On the one hand you have the locals from the grey hair set who are walking laps from the slot machines and the buffet. on the other hand you have the younger and considerably more scantily clad hip crowd. That being said the two groups do not seem to get each others way. This place is a great experiment in tolerance and coexistence. So I say make the short trip off the strip and check out The Palms. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	A bit of a disappointment. The staff was friendly throughout the property, however my room/rooms where problems. First room was a studio suite in fantasy tower room # 7201. View of the strip was real good but the windows were extremely dirty. Higher up would've been better. The room was very big, however upon arrival there was no toilet paper!!! No Toilet Paper??? Housekeeping promptly brought up some. The TV was big but had volume issues and the remote didn't work. They did replace it when i called down. The next night I returned to my room to find water all over the floor coming from the strip side wall under the window. It was raining real hard, but it was puzzling to everyone including housekeeping and maintenance. They moved me to a 1 bedroom suite on the 12th floor #210. Decent room but it felt small. A nice view of of the south valley. TV was constantly flickering giving me a headache. Also toilet paper holder was broken, so the TP rolls were kept on the floor. Both rooms had really nice, comfy beds and real nice showers.  Ate at Little Budha at the sushi bar. The food was great and the service was also great. Zero complaints!!! The buffet food was...buffet food. Definitely not one of the best. The staff at McDonald's could use a little help. Overwhelmed on a regular basis. The Earl of Sandwich across from McDonald's is a much better option. Better run, better food.Sports book was a disappointment. No complimentary drinks at all. They said they just don't have them.  Not even for people betting a few hundred bucks.  Certain hotels require $200-$300 minimum bet but that's at higher end strip locations (e.g. Wynn, MGM, etc...). Definitely a major turnoff. The pool scene was nice.  The staff very helpful. Janelle the pool host was great and very helpful. Anthony the Nine Group GM was also real great. Probably wont stay again unless they offer me a real cheap deal.  Better off staying at Wynn/Encore for slightly more money.P.S.  Being just off-strip, you will get the homeless element.
1	This place deserves .5 stars.  If you have stayed ANYWHERE on the strip, this place is totally deficient!  I originally stayed here several times back in the early 2000s when most of the furniture was new and clean.  Well low and behold it's the same furniture only scrapped and broken down.Our original room was in the Palms Tower with an corner upgrade.  That was nice although they "forgot" to mention that the entire damn tower was under CONSTRUCTION!  HELLO!!!!!!  Non-stop drilling.  After complaining we were move to the "renovated" Fantasy tower.  I say renovated loosely because ITS THE SAME OLD FURNITURE FROM the year 2000!  Come on man!  When upgrade, do it right.  Anyway, we moved and the air on the floor didn't work!  It's only 112 outside?  Who needs air!  I need resuscitation after one night's stay!  Complained again and finally got a working room in the Fantasy Tower.  It was ok.  Having to pack up 3 time is a pain in the butt!That's not everything besides the staff being terrible and you can't even take a soda (that you purchased 20' from the entrance to the pool.  You have to buy it in the pool area and get really screwed.  Don't even make me tell you about the pool worker kicking over my $15 marg and then saying it was empty.  I said how the hell did you know it was empty when you clearly didn't see kicking the damn thing over!
3	I just want to start off this review by saying the gf and i got a living social deal. $140 for two nights in a superior room, two daily buffets and entrance to ghost bar. check in - 3:00. got there around 9:00 a.m. dropped our luggage off for no fee. offered an upgrade for a room at palms place for $40 extra each night, a studio suite. but declined. came back at 3:00. the room was ready. and we picked up our bags.the room - we stayed in a superior room. 30 floors up. spacious. king sized bed. couch. and sitting area. big screen tv. very surprised there wasn't an iPod/iphone docking station. but the room had all the amenities. (it even had a box of condoms... what happens in vegas and all). the bathroom - was huge. bath with jets. water pressure on the shower good. no fan. the speakers were hooked up to the tv so you could listen to some music while taking a shower. the buffet - i believe it's called the bistro buffet. not bad. but since we didn't have to pay, i have no idea of "was it worth your money".  desserts weren't bad. dinner had crab. beer and wine were included. overall, your typical buffet. the pool - beautiful. and ample seating. just not all of it in the shade. the days we stayed there were no special events going on and the card tables by the pool were closed.the crowd - if you are looking for droves of young people, you won't find them there. it might have been the time of our stay (monday-wednesday) but the crowd was mostly older couples and families. with a few younger groups here and there. the pool scene was mostly kids, not really hot bodies showing off tan lines.the location - its far from the strip. not walking distance. but they offer a free shuttle 11:00-8:00. which is helpful. but most of the time you will most likely grab a taxi (about $10 each way). overall, not a bad place and def. worth the money we spent. $140 for two nights, plus buffet, plus entrance to the bars. we also received 2-1 drink vouchers.
3	So why do they have only $25 tables on a Tuesday night for Black Jack? Also $10 min on Craps?  It's not busy and it's a Tuesday night for crying out loud?  I just don't understand that.  They DO have really good restaurant selections here-Dim Sum [very hard to find PS], Mexican, N9ne, Nove, Simon @ The Palm Place [see my reviews on those]. Dealers here are boring for me, they definitely don't add anything to the gambling experience, and of course pretty high table minimums make you want to gamble somewhere else.Playboy club has close down and their other clubs aren't much to write about.  I put my Aunt and her friend up here when they were visiting from out of town & they were upset b/c they only had "MIller" beer by the pool which is not their favorite.
5	Ahhhhh!That's how I felt when I walked into my lovely room at the Palms Resort Condos...All modern, all updated, THREE flat screen TVs, a kitchenette (with a dishwasher!, a fridge, a cooktop, plus plates, pans, glassware, and utensils), a spa tub, and a shower that has the raindrop showerhead thing overhead...ahhhhh......This is located behind the main Palms hotel and is worth every penny more that you might spend. We were told that if you come in with kids, they automatically move you to this location (no slot machines downstairs in this building), but they do have a separate pool, spa, and fitness center. We were never able to hear any noise in the hallways (it was like we had the whole floor to ourselves). To get to the gambling and the food / food court, you have to go down this long walkway and into the main casino, but the food court is right there when you first come in.Nice and comfy and cozy - - perfect for the little ones - - and great for us!!This is my new favorite off-strip Vegas hotel! (:
3	Lots to do in the hotel/casino, but it's just so isolated from the Strip!
2	Nice place but customer service is horrible,  disconnection between staff and guest service.  Called to find out how to get to sister hotel Palms place to meet friends and person on the phone said take elevator to 2nd floor, elevator doesnt have the option for 2nd floor, called back and was put on hold for too long.  finally went to front desk.After being out till 4am (typical night in Vegas), wanted to sleep in but was waken at 8:30 to hammering, sanding and drilling in the room next to us.  Seriously construction this early....It was raining in the morning so the pool was closed, understandable.  But when we returned from walking the strip at 4pm not a cloud in the sky the pool was still closed.When we asked if it would be reopened they said no due to the bad weather, yet it was clear skys now.  When trying to explain that it was nice now and all we wanted was to sit in the jacuzzi, we were transferred to the SPA where we could pay $15 ea to use their jacuzzi but guys and girls are separated so I can't sit in it with my husband.  No thanks, I would rather use the jacuzzi that my hotel should provide.
2	4 stars? I dont think so. The rooms are not modern enough as compared to other hotels in its category. The location is also not great, as it is rather far from the strip. However, we paid spare change for a room for 3 nights. If you want to save money you can snatch a good deal for this hotel. They do have free shuttle to the strip going to Caesars every 30 minutes from 8 am to 11pm. After 11pm consider getting a cab. Service was okay, the room was clean enough and we had a stunning view from the 31st floor. I would give it 5 stars for value but feel like they falsely advertise saying it's a 4 star. Short walk to a nearby Starbucks and Enterprise car rental.
4	Fun atmosphere. Stayed in a suite on the 52nd floor, beautiful views, large spacious rooms. Great service from the valets and bellmen. The casino area smells a bit smoky though.
2	It pains me to write this one. Remember when Rain first opened and became the new "it" club in Vegas? I recall my boys rushing to stay at this place solely because of that club. They would brag about how they got suites upstairs so that in the wee hours of the night, they can stumble their way back up to their rooms while the rest of us have to cab it back to the strip. I'm pretty certain they're not staying here these days.The Pauly D Project this season definitely promoted the Palms. Not to mention the notorious Paul Oakenfold was also once a resident at Rain for some time. Even with all that glitz and glam, I can see that the hotel has declined and aged quickly like a consistent crack addict. So many years later, I finally got to stay here because my friends had a special discount.Checking in was a breeze. They even upgraded one of our rooms to a one bedroom suite. The other room was a regular room which I will talk about later. We entered the suite which wasn't anything spectacular or mouth dropping. It was a living room with a single bedroom next door. The bathroom in the living room portion is just a toilet and a sink while the restroom in the bedroom is a full. The first thing that caught our attention was a poignant stench next to the far side of the bed. We may not watch CSI: Las Vegas but after years and extensive experience in the field, we knew that the odor was generated from the mixing of food, booze, and other unidentified materials. Plain and simple, someone must have yacked their a$$ off. The smell was fresh so it probably happened with the guests' right before us. At least we didn't see any chunks or residue. I only hope that the suspect's friends were able to snap some memorable photos. We called downstairs and they quickly sent us a guy who led us to another similar suite on a different floor.Luckily the next suite didn't have an odor that rivaled a frat house. However, one of the sinks clogged up pretty quickly after barely running the water. It's not a big issue and we dealt with it but my curious mind started going off on a tangent. More barf residue? Pubeys? Okay enough of that...The other room that I stayed in was an average room. We originally asked for two beds but somehow they decided to give a single bed and said the two bedrooms were all booked. I wasn't about to share a single bed with couple so I had two options, the couch or the floor. I'm not a super tall dude, 5'9"-5'10". The couch was about 4" long. Bite the bullet and ride it on the floor buddy. But the fun didn't stop there. Nothing major but when little stuff builds up; it starts to prey on you like the water board torture method. The water from the toilet in our restroom didn't stop running. The shower and sink pressure was weak, maybe because all the water was spewing through the toilet non stop? You can hear that crap all night. Speaking of noise, we also listened to bass throughout the night from the clubs and bars. The only highlight of this stay was the Earl of Sandwich in the food court which just opened not too long. Actually the "fast" food court wasn't too shabby in general. Earl's, Panda's Express, Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs, a froyo joint, McDonald's, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, and a pizzeria. There's also a movie theatre next to the food court. Love the fact that Earl is open 24/7.Palms may look like a pleasurable and grand resort on the outside but I think they have slowly deteriorated internally. The once amazing and lively joint has lived out their prime. They are now in need of some dire work. Even a good amount of botox shots may not be able to bring their elite status back. I don't really see myself staying here again. It's off the strip, the rooms need fixing up, and I can always hit the original Earl of Sandwich at PH. Sorry Palms, you haven't aged well at all.
4	If you can get past the fact that this hotel is away from the strip, this is a great place to stay.Upon checking in I tried the sandwich trick - it totally worked and I got upgraded to a very nice room in the fantasy tower with the biggest tub I've ever seen, 3 TV's, a walk in closet, huge bathroom, etc. I was pleased. That tub? Amazing after walking around the strip for hours after traveling all day. Sure, it probably wasn't my smartest idea to get in it drunk, but all's well that ends well.The staff we encountered was great. Room service was top notch. I felt totally safe there the entire time. It was also super quiet, which I wasn't expecting but was a nice surprise.You have pretty much everything you need on the hotel property - gambling, bars, restaurants, spa, pool, etc. After doing the strip the first day we didn't leave the Palms for the rest of our stay because we didn't need to. They also have very patient dealers - I had never played roulette before (I know, I know) and since we were the only ones playing she was super patient with me and taught me how to play. I even won some money, which is always a bonus.Not being into the club scene (anymore), we only went to the Playboy Club which was not what I was expecting in that it was dead. Maybe we came too early - 11pm? - but I was like, uh, where is everyone? It does have an amazing view of Vegas, so stop by for that if nothing else. The food court is a bit lame, but what food court isn't? I'll do separate reviews for the spa and restaurants, but was pleased with those as well.I would definitely stay here again if I ever come back to Vegas.
5	Any fans of The Killers and especially Sam's Town album enthusiasts might want to visit the Palms casino and scope out the exclusive recording studio inside (well... you can at least TRY). This is where the Killers recorded all of Sam's Town in 2006. They were the first band to record in this studio, and since then hundreds of other legends have.
5	This is one fun place!Go and experience it for yourself!Go now!
3	The Palms / Palms PlaceOverall a great place for locals and visitors to enjoy Vegas at its best. Stopped by to see Stone Temple Pilots and decided to stay at the last minute.Food - We were headed to Garduno's because they are closing at the end of the month and I have got to get my fill here before I start making the trek to Fiesta. Much to my surprise there was a 45 minute wait, on a Thursday. Must have been the concert, This place is usually a ghost town. O well, Italian sounds good and I knew Nove Italiano was nearby, Okay, up the elevator and step off to one of the best views in town. Nove is an amazing restaurant. The architecture, material selection and overall aesthetic impact is great. Its a little on the dark and gloomy side but it creates an intimate experience. The views that high up, looking at the Strip are breathtaking. The service is great, Joesph took care of us and was very accommodating of my absence to delivery my bags to my room. The steaks are amazing, and I can't wait to go back and try some of their seafood offerings. Minor thing- I asked for Anchovies on my Caesar and they forgot. Rooms - We got a suite on the 35th floor of Palms Place, It was an insanely great room, full kitchen with big couches and cool chairs around. Fireplace with magnificent views of the mountains and the strip. Everything was clean and the room smelled great. Entertainment - We saw STP last night in the Pearl Concert Theater. Its like HOB on steroids, bigger stage, bigger SRO section, more real seating and some nice looking bartop seating areas in the mezz. Sound was great, Lighting was intensely good, STP themselves kicked ass for a solid 2 hours. Service - Most of the staff was friendly although I do have a critique of Victor working the front desk of Palms , it could be that he just didn't know, but he could have found out. I asked him what time STP was coming on, asked if they had an opening act or not.I asked because We were trying to squeeze dinner, taking bags to our rooms, and getting to the show on time into a 90 minute window. Now I don't know about you but I HATE being rushed through a $250 dinner, it kills the experience; the view, the taste of the food, it kills it all. The issue is its about a 13 minute walk (one way) with elevator rides from Nove to my room in Palms Place, I had to leave during Dinner to take the bags up, so we wouldn't miss STP. Of course, STP didn't even start tell 9:35 , we had over 45 minutes of calm waiting that could have been me enjoying my steak at dinner , instead of running around your hotel sweating. I really wish Victor would have taken the 5 seconds to pick up the phone and ask someone else or tell me the truth, again maybe he just didn't know if they had an opening act. I value service above all other metrics and this cost the Palms Hotel two stars.
1	Surly service, especially the supervisors. Desperately trying to stay hip and relevant  oh yea, Beware of the $15 "resort fee".
1	Beware of Concert TimesWent to the Ghost Bar at the Palms last night for a Peaches show that was advertised to start at 10pm. At 11:45pm I asked one of the employees what time Peaches was going to go on. He said 1:00am or 1:30am. I was with someone who frequents the place and she said they usually start around midnight or 12:30. As a result of this conflicting information I called the Palms to inquire. They were not aware of the schedule and I was told there was no way to connect to the Ghost Bar nor find out.
4	Awesome club upstairs called Moon I had a great time! The music was fantastic and the outdoor roof top had a spectacular view of Vegas. The service was fast with my drinks and the bartenders were entertaining to watch doing their little bottle tricks. I didn't care to much for the half naked chicks dancing around but, they gotta eat to I guess? Overall good times! Great DJ!
5	Liked it.  Recommend it.  Tip of the hat to Bianca (cocktail waitress), Anna from Italy (ghost bar blackjack dealer) and Brandy at front desk.
5	I must say i love the PALMS this place has all that is needed to have a great time. I met so many fabulous people i would stay there for ever if i could. Ate at the N9NE and at the NOVE and met Alexandra AND Alenrry wounderful people they made me feel like i was a king and the food to die for. At the N9NE Ana, Charlene and John were the greatest and again the food OMG for this old man i thought i was in heaven. The rooms are beautiful thanks to my hostest Kim i get the best. I must hit the jackpot so i can move in. This place is none stop party , party , partyan't wait to go back.
2	We didn't stay here, but spent a lot of time at the casino and clubs. I was AMAZED at this place-and NOT in a good way. As a fan of Adrian Maloof, I expected class and style and this place was not anywhere near that. Sorry Adrian!! The first hint was when we walked in there was a McDonald's and Panda Express as soon as we walked in. Brings the class factor down about 10 notches.The casino was decent-I won some money at Blackjack. The clubs here: Ghostbar, Rain, and Moon were a JOKE!! Moon ended up being OK, but Ghostbar and Rain were terrible. At Ghostbar the view is awesome, but you go around the corner outside and behind the couches you can see ladders and garbage!! The cleaning caddy was right by the stairs going to the bar. The elevator was broken so we waited-even though we purchased wristbands. Whoever manages this place-WAKE UP!!Rain was SO loud and no one was there. Wait, I take that back, the VIP was packed with people 50+. Creepy. Drinks were $14 and sub par. I was SO excited to go here, but will never return.Moon was bumpin' and saved the night-thank god. BUT we payed for the $50 VIP wristbands and didn't really use them, except to visit 2 boring clubs and finally find a decent 3rd.Don't waste your time at the Palms if you want to party. Save your money and find way better places!!! I would not host anything here if you want it to be classy!!
1	After we arrived at Palms resort around midnight, we tried to check-in our hotel.while lining up in front of the front desk, some couple walked to the counter and cut infront of us to check-in.  Annoyed by the rude couple as well as the receptionist.  The same receptionist checked us in.  She was clueless of what kind of reservation we made.  Kept arguing that we made a 2 bed reservation when clearly stated in our confirmation print-out its a Superior King Deluxe.  Anyway, it turns out to be in the Palms Tower (oldest room with a 25" CRT flickering tv).  The room needs a completely remodeling if it's considered a 4star hotel.  Smelly and slow drains were  irritating.   They also charged additional $67 dollars for 3 nights' resort fee plus tax.The drinks at the casino were terrible.  The long islands were made from a pre-mixed batch unless I specifically order the bartender to make from scratch that cost a few dollars more.  We received complimentary tix to the pool party but hardly see anyone in the pool.  Same things goes for the Rain and Ghost bar.  I would not go back there again.
3	Always wanted to stay at the Palms and finally did for New Years. Was intrigued by the clubs and restaurants inside and figured, even though it was off the strip, it wouldn't be too hard to get around with cabs. Hotel itself was fine. Room was nice. But I wasn't impressed with the clubs, and it wasn't worth staying there just for them. My group ended up going out to the Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, The Venetian and Aria for our nights out anyway. Wouldn't stay here again. On strip is much better if you're planning to bounce around various nightlife spots.
4	Apparently, they have officially been declared the highest percentage of slot payout in Vegas!   The first day we went, I did pretty good.  Next day, not so much.  They were running a great promotion though for a free buffet after so much slot play which we qualified for.   I must say, the buffet is most excellent and the service was outstanding.  We will be making the Palms a routine stop on future trips to Vegas.  Before you go, head to Slot Play Coupons online and purchase $50 of slot play for $25!  It's worth it.
4	Stopped by here quite a bit when I was staying at the Palms place. But, didn't spend much time here. Off strip, but still epic. Crazy place. Go here to party. Casino, staff, and entire hotel is excellent. Great clubs. Great bars. Pool is cool, too. PROS: Fun-Young-Modern-Sexy-Hip-CrazyCONS: Off strip-spendyPARTY AT THE PALMSCheers, Sean
3	Came here to go to Ghost Bar. It is off the strip so expect about a $15 cab ride from the strip. The casino itself was clean. There were tables located near the entrance and behind were the slots. I did not get a chance to play. Restrooms were clean. Staff friendly. Ghost Bar was okay, GREAT and BEAUTIFUL view! I guess if you get a really good deal then I'd consider staying here but I'd prefer being closer or on the strip.
1	Don't stay here!!! This is the most horrible customer experience I had ever have in any hotel. My husband & I checked in on a Thur night. There was a short wait to check in at the front desk, which was ok. However, the front desk blonde girl (I think her name is Sarah) was so cold & made us felt very unwelcome!!! Our reservation was for a one king bed room, which we had no idea which building it was going to be. In fact, we had never been to the Palm & had no idea how it was liked. When we checked in, this blonde girl said our reservation was for a 2 full sized beds type room in the Fantasy building. The more we kept insisting we reserved a one king bed, the more she insisted we had a 2 full sized bed room. Not even a tiny bit of trying to work with our request. We didn't see any kind of smile on her face, but a cold stare. We finally showed her the print out of our reservation, then she said our reservation was in fact a 1 king bed at the Palm (old) building. Again, no apology whatsoever. At the point, we were already so done w/ this girl & just wanted to check in. When I asked how could I contact my friends, who were staying at the Palm Place building. This blond girl asked me my friend's name. After I gave her the name, this blonde said, "sorry, but due to confidentiality, I can't give you her room number," I had no idea why she asked what my friend's name was on the 1st place if you couldn't help. Plus, I knew my friends' room number. All I was asking her was how to contact them from one building to the other b/c they are from London & had no local cell phone service!!! Before we were done, this blonde girl didn't tell us any type of comp we could get at the hotel nor any kind of introduction to this hotel. I couldn't believe such horrible customer service would exist in this planet!!! The room was ok. A bit old. Bathroom sink was stinky from the poor plumbing. TV was the real old type that kept flicking. Bottomline, don't expect us to stay here ever again!!!
2	Stayed here while on business. Typically we stay on the strip in one of the major hotels, however, thought we try the Palms...won't be trying it again. First when we checked in they tried to charge us an extra $20/person for fringe benefits (i.e. 2 for 1 drinks, WiFi etc)...this was totally shady as our reservation had its price printed and nowhere obvious was this additional charge...our total bill was outlined and this was definitively not in it. The front desk person that checked us in, although friendly, implied that this was common at other Vegas hotels like if we were novices...I've stayed at almost all of the major hotels on the strip and never been confronted with some sort of extra charge upon check in. The buffet was not great either. The best part of staying here were the rooms -- comfortable and quiet, albeit we stayed mid-week.
2	I had really high hopes for this place.  I'm a Vegas regular, going there at least once every other month.  I usually stay at the strip hotels, but since Groupon offered a deal for 2 nights stay with a $100 pool credit, I decided to try it out with a friend (who also is a Vegas regular) who also bought the Groupon.We really wanted to like this place, but what we experienced were inconsistent service and lots of little annoyances that add up quickly.The bad service:The check-in clerk at Palms Place (their condo/apartments property that we ended up getting booked at) had a crappy attitude.  It's common practice in Las Vegas to ask and hope to receive a free upgrade.  You don't always get it, but it never hurts to ask.  This guy looked at us as if he was offended that we would even ask.  I know some people who booked with separate Groupons received free upgrades to 2-bedroom suites, so it has worked for others.  It didn't matter that we didn't get the upgrade.  But that attitude was just wrong.  A courteous "sorry we don't have anything available" would suffice.He also thought we had a $25 credit at the pool.  When we corrected him and told him it was actually a $100 credit, he asked us to prove it.  He acted like he's never heard of such an offer.  Luckily my friend had his 3G iPad with him and was able to pull up that information right away.  Again, we were treated like we were trying to pull a fast one on the hotel.To get ready for gambling, we went to Club Palms, their player's club, to sign up for memberships.  The lady behind the counter, while friendly, was sort of a downer.  She mentioned their rebate program where they will give you a rebate on your gambling losses.  I jokingly said, "But I plan on winning!"  She asked "what do you play?"  I told her slots and tables.  She said something along the lines of I will definitely lose on the slots.  I said "The Palms is supposed to have better slots, you advertise the slots are looser than the strip."  She said "No they're not."That's not something you want to tell customers.  And you certainly don't want to tell customers they're going to lose at your casino.Other bad service and annoyances:My friend was playing the slots next to me when his machine "crashed" while paying out on a $30 hit.  The slot attendant and tech were very friendly in trying to fix the problem, but unfortunately when the machine came back online (about 30 minutes had passed at this point), it did not register the money he had won.  It only had a record of how much he had in the machine ($60.20).  Calling the slot manager over, he looked skeptical that my friend had won.  The manager, unfriendly from the beginning, asked him "How do you figure you won $30?"My friend explained all the various lines on the reels (which were intact and still on the winning combinations) where he hit various bars and bells and 7s.  Really, not his job to explain how he won $30.Reluctantly, he agreed, "Ok, so we owe you $90.20?  Is that what you're thinking?"  I can tell, the guy did not believe my friend at all.  By the way, there's no apologies for the inconvenience, for making us wait there while they sort this all out, nothing.So another 10-15 minutes passed, and the manager sent the slot attendant to come back.  She said "you're lucky, the manager rounded up.  Here's $91."  (Lucky indeed!)Apparently after I went back to my room after this, the manager located my friend and told him that after inspecting the machine and the records, that he indeed was correct, and that my friend truly was owed that money.  It was only then that he apologized.The whole experience at Palms was just sub-par.  I really wanted to like Palms as an alternative to the strip hotels, but unfortunately this was not it.
4	It is time I write a review for Palms Hotel and casino as we do frequent quite often. The majority of our time coming to this property is for the movie theater and dining options. We actually rarely gamble here as their machines are tighter than a ticks ass!They have many great options for dining located here as well as the reward center promotions for free gifts and such that we do come and collect as we are on their email list.Most recently they have removed the video arcade and are in the process of adding Chronic tacos which I believe is owned by Wee man of the Jackass fame.  I Will have to check it out once built as I noticed while dining next door at Earl of Sandwich.
4	I go to the Palms only to eat. they have some great food options and a movie theater which I have not been in yet.  I do not gamble, but they have a wide variety of tables.  I used to go to the clubs here a few years ago, but things are dying down slowly.  Will they ever get picked back up?  who knows!  Vegas is always changing!!!  I have been in the rooms, they are n ice but prefer the Palms place rooms.  Much more updated and the pool at Palms Place is a lot more calm and relaxing.
4	This review is for the remodeled Fantasy tower. Everything is new except the toilets (pretty old, I chlorox-wiped these). And I think that mattresses might be old, but the beds are acceptably comfy. There's snacks and a mini bar, so no actual fridge space for your own drinks/food. The linens and towels were clean. One note on the sheets. We had 2 queens, and one bed was had rough probably overly bleached sheets that irritated our skin, the other was fresh and silky smooth. I suggest you request new sheets if you get the rough ones. Like most Vegas hotels, no coffee here, but there's McDonald's in the food court. Also, no in room water, but there are small bottles of water  in the "cardio" center! Resort fee includes free wifi, but its a bit slow. They charge like $5 for ten minutes on a computer in the business center and $0.40 cents -ish (don't remember) for printing!
3	Stayed at Palms over thanksgiving weekend.  We were at the newly remodeled Palms tower.  Room was very nice, compact with modern design.  However, little things were forgotten like a simple pen that you find at the hotel was nowhere to be found.  Service was sub-par  at list.  Food for in room dining was extremely overpriced, and not very good.  Room service was prompt, alert and on top of their game, but housekeeping was really bad, they came in to replace items from the mini bar but never cleaned the room even once and we stayed for three nights.I am definitely not staying there next time.
4	The Maloofs always reinvent this unique hotel. Being just the right size and with a nice location not too far off the strip, the Palms Hotel is worth a visit. With great rewards for their players and locals, it's no wonder people keep coming back.  The nightclubs and concert venues are also very popular for locals and tourists. Definitely the place to see and be seen.
1	The Palms... NEGATIVE STAR :(We stayed here for a Bachelorette Party.....the worst possible hotel that you could imagine in Vegas, the City of Dreams surrounded by such beautiful, distinct creative, intense, high energy hotels and then you have the PALMS :/ What a disappointment;  but most of all an unimaginable place to stay. My 1st experience of Vegas was staying at the Wynn..... BAD idea to downgrade from a 5 star to what maybe a 1-2 star hotel, we would have been better off at the Holiday Inn if ya know what I mean. The SMOKE and the smell of portable potties hits you smack in the face when u enter the doors ( I understand VEGAS hotels smell like SMOKE, however this is ridiculous) along with a dark Dreary setting and instead of a beautiful entrance like say the Bellagio or Venetian this place had a couple of blackjack and roulette tables as their main focal point. Didn't help at all this place was under minor construction ie: floors,dust, and some black tape along the floor, the rooms are sooo outdated and dark, no light, the rooms however were clean and didn't seem dirty, just sooo outdated and old furniture chipped/overly used,  old 1999 radio with receiver..what?!? No iPod station or radio, old TVs !?! Bummer.. Best part- stripper pole in the master bath in the celebrity suite pretty awesome and creative, attentive housekeeping and room service. The food ehhh buffet was pretty bland, same o same o buffet full of unhealthy options other than a salad bar and seafood. Best part Earl of Sandwich not the most fancy place to eat however when it's between McDonald's and the buffet, Earl wins. Did I mention the smoke in this place?!? Reeks like never before sooo unbearable gave me a headache and i felt nauseated the whole time just from the smell , definitely not a happening place no attractive people middle aged to elderly people here , the staff not over achievers unlike other hotels usually staff happy to be there and assist ....I hate to be Negative Nancy but it is what it is, this place needs an entire tear down and renovation, not just a room/area  here and there. I would pay an extra $200-300 bucks for sure any day to stay somewhere else, this is a no- go for me in my book. The Wynn/Encore and even Cosmopolitan are best hotels to stay in my opinion, surprised with some of the GOOD reviews, guess people don't have high expectations :S
2	Out of date furniture in the room, not enough variations in the Buffett selections from morning/lunch/dinner; however it was ...nice to see they are making an attempt to renovate select areas of the casino floor though. My suggestion is to wait on this place about a year when all of the projects are complete
2	I was really excited to come out here and check it this casino out. I was beyond disappointed. But they're remodelling so I'll have to come back in the summer
2	Rooms are nice.  The beds are OUTSTANDING--I was so in love with the bed in our room.  The fact that hotel guests are given admission to their "exclusive" venues (like Ghostbar) is a big plus--skipping the lines make you feel fancy, and frankly I just don't do lines so I get to experience things I wouldn't normally.The casino floor has plenty of attractions, but the current construction is happening *inside*.  They're cutting wood with buzzsaws literally ON the casino floor, a stone's throw from the blackjack tables.  You can't even carry on a conversation when the saws kick in.  This is what did it for me though: the hotel charges a "resort fee" of $22.40!  For my $48 room, that's a 46% markup!  BEWARE!!  These fees are required, so their advertised prices are NOT ACCURATE!
3	Let me start by saying that I have yet to stay in one of their rooms.  I have yet to even seen any of their infamous themed rooms.  Until that happens, my rating will stay at a 3 stars.Before I moved out here, the Palms was a visit that I didn't miss when I came out for a visit.  If I was to review this place 10 years ago, I'd give them at least 4 stars. Over the years, this casino aged and currently needs a makeover in my opinion.  For an off the strip casino, the table limits are a bit high in my opinion.  I don't have friends that gamble big so they often look for $5 Black Jack, which I can never find here.  Their sports books is pretty good, but gets busy.  I still come here for their shoe shines.  Yes, I said shoe shines.  Til this day, I will either stop at the South Point, Palms, and even the airport for a quick shoe shine.  I tend to make this my stop for shoe shines because it's close to one of the entrances (theater side) and the sports book.  I can watch some sports highlights while my shoes are treated.
5	I stayed here one weekend, and I got a room at Palms Place. I LOVED how the room was decorated. It was very sleek and modern, and it reminded me of a chi-chi hotel in Hollywood. The one drawback to staying at Palms Place is that if you want to get to the casino area or some of the other amenities of the resort, you had to walk far, down a long hallway which felt like a block. THE POOL: There are two pool options. One pool area has a huge party, but there's also a more private pool area at Palms Place. CASINO: The casino is cleaner and less smoky than most casinos. My only wish--that they had the Deal or No Deal slot machine. FOOD OPTIONS: If you join the Palms Player Club, you get a big discount to all the dining places at the resort. I liked the buffet, and the food court was good if you wanted something quick. GYM: They have a gym which is a far walk from Palms Place, but it is a nice, clean gym that is included in the resort fee. CLUBS: The resort fee allows you free entry into their clubs before a certain time. STAFF: The staff is nice, but a lot of them don't know much about the resort. I'd ask one person a question, and they'd send me somewhere else, which was incorrect. Since the resort was so sprawling, it got tedious to do this wild goose chase, but finally, I found what I was looking for. It'd be nice though if staff communicated better with each other or if they had a better system of looking up information instead of just telling me whatever.
3	Stayed at the Playboy Fantasy Suite. It was beautiful,  glass elevator,  poll overlooking vegas, rotating bed etc. Myself,  along with my friends enjoyed ourselves. The butlers were cool and we definitely partied hard. As for the hotel as a whole? Eh, the Palms is slowly but surely falling off the deep end. Didn't bother checking out the ghost bar or any of the restaurants. The whynn / encore are kind of leaving this one a bit dated. So next time we spend 12, 000 a nigh on a room... I think ill go international. Vegas kinda sucks now.
3	After an eventful stay at the Palms Place for the second time, I was awarded a complimentary stay in a room at the actual Palms towers and decided to go Jan 18-21. I was first booked in the newly remodeled Premier Guestroom. After waiting 24 hours for a manager to call to correct the view I was promised of the pool (which never happened) and waiting 30 minutes for my car in valet (despite calling ahead), and realizing I had no good Music Choice or radio to amp myself up for a night of partying, I decided I wanted to switch rooms. The Premier remodel was trendy and colorful, but lacked many of the well appointed features of the more traditional, more mature, more romantic, Superior Guestroom. The Superior rooms are more than WORTH the CHEAPER price and will pleasantly surprise you with ACTUAL luxury for a cheap price, not the appearance of it because there is a pink couch and a nice mural on the wall. For the superior room (a smaller version of the Grand and Salon Suites), get ready for: a BOSE sound system with remote, all lights on DIMMER switches (very romantic), luxurious bedding, ample sofa/suite space, fully lit closet with mirrors, and a full blown Jacuzzi tub. The newer rooms sacrifice things like actual alarm clocks with a radio for a made in china piece of crap, bright florescent lighting, no shower doors/curtains, no tub, smaller room, and more often a poor view. I was treated more kindly on this visit, but my advice to you over 25 guests, do yourself a favor, save money, and be pleasantly surprised at the well-appointed, large Superior rooms. Maybe splurge for a suite, or if you are going to choose a big trendy suite, try the one-bedrooms at Palms Place. They are impressive, but keep in mind with great trend, comes less functionality, practicality, and creature comforts of home.
4	I stayed here over Super Bowl weekend for Saturday and Sunday nights. This was my first time staying here. I originally booked 5 rooms for two adults in each, one king bed. Once we checked in, we found out we were upgraded to the brand new Ivory Tower suites that have been newly renovated. These rooms, however, had two queen beds. We considered switching back but that would put us in their older rooms. Once we checked out the new rooms - there was no going back. The rooms have been done beautifully. They are modern, cozy, and clean. The decor is very "W"-hotels mod. I was nervous about staying off the strip, but the Palms did not fail! We had a total blast and stayed on the property almost the whole weekend. We also cruised across the street to check out the old Gold Coast casino which was really fun to find $5 black jack tables!
2	The Palms reminds me of a washed up pop-star ... back in 2004 this place was HOT! I remember the Rain night club line wrapping all the way around the casino and no one could get a room reservation. Now a days, things are different. The Ghost Bar is no longer exclusive, I even saw someone in there wearing sweatpants and flip flops, yikes. There's a certain expectation for staying off strip, namely, a high quality hotel with a lower price tag, and the Palms just isn't ready to admit that, they still want their 2004 status with their 2013 reality. We stayed in the ivory tower where the hall ways were thin and the ceilings were low, reminiscent of a compact airport hotel. The rooms were medium sized and modern, but there was some truly hideous artwork I had to endure (imagine giant eye balls staring at you all the time).  Plus they have these dumb half-shower doors that may look cool but result in a chilly experience. The sit-down restaurants just looked so sad. They were sparsely occupied yet heavily decorated and ridiculously over-priced. The fact that they had a mall-like food court with some decent options definitely draws people away. Then to top it off, the location of this hotel is terrible. You're only walking distance option is the Gold Coast (which ironically, ended up being the highlight of my trip, I think I'll stay there next time).
5	Love this hotel, the room was clean and lovely. Hotel has poor air system it's like a large building filled with cigars and cigs, at the casino good choices of tables, slots. The buffet oh my word seafood and unlimited beer oh yes! The part that is hard to swallow on this hotel was the front desk service, they didn't know how to explain the room per day cost and what cost was what. They can work on that, there was no service with a smile what so ever. We were a burden to why we asked for a simple breakdown. YES I will and would love to stay here again,
2	I've been to Vegas at least 30 times, this is the first time I stayed at The Palms.Not a good/great experience compared to others.I'd definitely visit the hotel if you want to check it out but don't stay there. Problems for me: - Credit Line, applied Friday and they didn't even contact me by Tuesday. Too long. - Too many locals and not enough tourists wanting to have fun.  Kills the energy. - Sunday eve, wanted to just go into Ghost Bar to check it out before my other friends and I committed, they wanted me to pay cover.  They should of said sure, you can go in and have a look around. - Limited selection of good restaurants.  - Some restaurants no longer open and their sushi bar/rest closed at 10 on Fri. After I was told by a worker to go their when I was looking for a place to eat.  It's no small walk either, only to get there and they tell me they're closed. Worker should have known that before telling me to go.On the plus side: - Place has a good movie theater. - Inexpensive buffet. - Nice small food court with a McD's.  - Casino is small and easily navigated. Go to visit but don't check in or make it a destination.
4	Palms is a cool place to hang out, with some good food choices, movie theater (always busy though), nice nightclubs (Rain and Moon) etc.I haven't stayed at the rooms at the regular Palms tower, but Palms Place is awesome.  They are large, contemporary rooms, and if you get a corner suite like we did, you get wrap around balconies.  Awesome!  We were on the 52nd floor, and the views are great.We never really gamble here, but for all the other reasons I mentioned above, it will be worth a cab ride over.  Check it out :)
2	We stayed at the Palms 12/15/13. #23-321. When we walked in we were impressed. The gave us a one bedroom suite. As we looked around we saw trash on the bathroom floor, little pieces of paper on carpet, not vacummed. So we called front desk, told them what it looked like and they said they would have housekeeping come back at 6:00pm. We aggreed to it. We came back at 1:30 am and saw all the did was empty the trash cans.  Tired, so went to bed. Then I felt something at my feet, there was food crumbs in the bed (sheets were never changed).. I put clothes on and stayed awake all morning pist.. Went to check out and the offered us food & bev. credit so we can go have breakfast (we were leaving and did not take). The sad thing is the person next to me was complaning about the samething, her sheets were never changed. I really think someone needs thier ass canned and they need to do better then a food credit. I would not let anyone I know stay there... We did take pictures and we will be posting them to a website. Maloofs get it toghether...
5	One of my favorites in Vegas. The host really know how to take care of guest even if your not a Celb.  Lots of free perks that other Vegas casinos wont give. Great clubs in Rain, Ghost Bar, and many others
3	I haven't stepped into the Palms in over two years.  Today, I opted to take advantage of their Senior Movie discount ( $4 movies and a popcorn/coke combo for $3 ) Theaters - The Brenden Theater website erroneously listed the first movie at 11:00 am - the place was closed at 11 but i could see the movie times above the ticket counter - earliest was 12.  I opted to play video poker and craps while i waited ( comments on those later )   My luck, one of the exceptions to the movie deal are movies produced by Sony ( not sure why ) - the movie i wanted to watch - by Sony ! Another ding - opted to see Django - the previews and initial two minutes of the movie had sound but a dark screen.  Someone beelined to the front and the correction was made ( though the movie was not re-started ) - decent screen and sound.Table games - the table area was in disarray - they were putting the finishing touches on the center bar and a film crew was photographing the area.  Still, played craps - disappointed they had standard odds and no fire bet.  Still won a few hundred $$$ but i didn't like the vibe.Video ( i don't play slots ) - on senior thursday, you get 100 points the they give  you a free gift - nothing special - one week i got $5 in free play another week i got some fake earrings - nothing special.  good variety of video poker games.restaurants - always been a fan of their coffee shop.  I've stopped going to the crappy buffet but with 50% off for seniors i just might try the breakfast given the discounted price of $4.50.  I haven't been to n9ne in ages but i enjoyed it the 2 times i went.  The mexican place is average - i believe it's being changed as is the chinese place but not sure.  I keep seeing a banner for Chocolat but not sure where it is - i'm surer i'll try soon.Night clubs - sorry, haven't been since the playboy club closed - used to enjoy Rain and Ghost but again - ages ago !Since I usually visit in daytime, parking is relatively easy.Overall, I'm curious what the Palms will morph into given all the recent changes - i might just put them back in the rotation but if the craps stays at standard odds with no fire bet, it will be at the bottom of the list.
1	Would have given this place better rating if the customer service didn't destroy my experience here. I stayed here over the weekend with my wife, because of a sweet Orbitz deal she found at Palms Place. We ended up gambling here, because of convenience. I signed up for the Palms Card. The whole process took about 30-40 minutes because of the lack of staff and long lines. I finally get it and the employee explained a promotional chip where if you lose 100 bucks, you get 25 dollars back. I happily proceeded to the tables and played a couple hands of blackjack and no surprise, i lose 100 bucks (well, technically I lost 300 total, but I didn't give them my players card for the first 200). I attempted to redeem it at the table, but the dealer said I had to go back to the Palms Card employees. I waited another 40 minutes or so to speak with someone, and they end up sending me back to the tables to speak with a pit manager. I speak with the pit manager, she said she needed to call a host. I waited another 20 minutes until the host came. The host looks me up in the computer and tells me I only lost 95 dollars. He said if I wanted the promotion I would need to lose another 5 dollars. F- that, there are no games that start at 5 dollars, which means I would need to shell out more money. I played with hundred dollar bills, so I know exactly how much I lost. The fact that I was being sent all over the casino to redeem this promotion they weren't even going to honor pissed me off. Aside from the poor customer service, the crowd he is much, much older. Playing here makes you sleepy, because of all the elderly. I did like the bar area, the cocktail waitresses are friendly and easy on the eyes. The drinks were reasonably priced. The casino itself is a little run down, but surprisingly not that smoky. Overall, I didn't like my experience here. I probably will gamble in my usual spots in Vegas.
2	Palms.. wow.. what's HAPPENED to you?I lived in Vegas for several years a while ago when the Palms was at the top of its game; new clubs were opening, the tower was going up, Playboy was an iconic partner and a grinning George Maloof was a frequent presence on the casino floor.What a difference a few years make.We recently visited Palms to see how it was holding up now that Maloof has been removed from the helm, and I have to say, I was fairly shocked by the overall feel of the place. What used to be a bright, fun, vibrant locals place by day and tourist hotspot by night has completely degraded into a mediocre experience at best. The casino is VERY crowded still by locals during the day - but the number of machines on the floor has been reduced since the last time I was there. Walking into the place from the valet, I was shocked to immediately see how much Palms' video poker arsenal has been disbanded. This used to be a go-to place for video poker fans - now, you find more machines at other locals places such as Palace Station. That's a shame, since most locals play video poker almost exclusively - you DO know this, right Palms management? Right?Anyway, the great Mexican place that was a Maloof staple - Garduno's - has closed and re-opened as another "upscale resort" dining experience that the folks running Palms say is "sexy" and "exciting" - you know, something Vegas has never seen. How about great food that was affordable for everyone and a joint that was always busy? Meh. Guarduno's had the most amazing avocado salsa ever. Such a damn shame.Other than the fairly new Earl of Sandwich location in its food court, I honestly can't see why anyone would purposely stop at Palms; certainly not for the casino. The buffet was always blah, even under Maloof; I am going to venture out on a limb and say that's likely not changed either, or is worse than ever before. I guess if you see an over-priced concert at The Pearl you may visit Palms.It's just sad when you see a casino that was at the top of its game completely worn down to a pile of steaming blandness in a matter of years. Very sad, and I honestly don't see a return visit in the near future, if ever. You're better off going to Palace Station or Gold Coast for better casino action and food venues. That's pretty sad.
1	Beware of Rip-off Resort Fee $22.78-easily disputed with credit card.What a rip off, first Hotels.com should have warned about resort fee's at many hotels, but they only showed estimated room price and tax!  Very slimy way to entice us to book a room.  By the time I found out at check-in, about the resort fee, for amenities I didn't even use a single one of, it was too late to cancel my reservation.  So I will be disputing my Amex card, also got some unknown charge of $14.04 for who knows what?  Never again, Vegas is such a rip-off anyway, not into sin-city and all the tobacco smoke.Update: American Express fully refunded the Resort Fee that Palms Charged, without any dispute or question.  Apparently Palms has so many complaints and credit card disputes, that Amex said they don't even get to fight my dispute, it just gets credited back to me.  They probably don't care since most people won't fight or dispute it like I did.
3	1. Remodeled rooms look great, different, loved the "eyes" staring at you lol2. Towels in the room suck &  toilet paper is ruff!!!!!!3. Towels in the gym smell & need more weights and/or machines4. Not a fan of gambling here roulette is my thing and let's just say s u s p e c t 5. Food here is average at times maybe lower than that6. Easy parking, I like that!7. Playboy club is gone8. Feel like a degenerate here and not special lol (well I am a degenerate so maybe I shouldn't be offended ha) but people are average here nothing special IMHO9. Got a great internet deal so totally worth it any more than $100 I'd say add a few bucks and go elsewhere but for $40-$75 per night the new palms is worth it and is a good deal!10. 2 for 1 drinks and free buffet included with our deal not shabby at allJust a lil more effort and polish and this place would be a solid option to consider right now though 55% don't stay here/45% stay here or 95% stay here but only with a good deal...
4	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. We stayed in the newly renovated suite and had a very nice view of the strip and the mountains. The rooms were clean, and stocked. Room service also did a very nice job on cleaning up. The beds were clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and recommend it to a friend. Some things to consider:The casino is small and quiet. The Bistro Buffet is meh. Ghostbar is super cool. Hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. Before you buy a cab to the strip, remember that there is a shuttle from 11am-8pm that takes you to the strip every 30 minutes, and one of the drivers is a prick. You have to pay for a fridge in the room.
5	Before getting started, I'd like to point out that I am currently sitting in the Palms Casino, while watching my degenerate, gambleholic, asshole-of-a-friend Pete grab his ankles, as the craps table continues to sodomize his life savings. The Palms Casino may as well be a priest, and with each roll of the dice, my man Pete is looking more and more like an alter boy. An alter boy with an ugly hat. As I look at this hat, I noticed a consistent theme. This hat of his will soon be joined by his pockets, as they both prevent the world from seeing what lies beneath -- nothing. What was once there, is now missing, and it isn't pretty. Nor was it smart. With just seven strands of hair, Pete has a face incapable of pulling off the 7-Strand comb-over. So money, combined with the freedom offered in Vegas to dive head-first into a hooker, was Pete's only hope to hump. Don't get me wrong, P never planned on returning to Phoenix with any money, which was fine, because that meant he wasn't bringing back his virginity either. Well, unless you count being molested by this casino. Let me start over. When I began writing this review, I was writing it for the Palms Place resort. I was only using my 6am-and-still-in-the-casino story to explain my exhaustion, and use it as a warning before transitioning into my review of our actual suite. However, as I continued to ramble, I realized that this has enough gems to be a review of its own. So let's jump back in. With dick and pockets both dry, P refused to walk away from the action. But unlike his hair, my boredom started to grow, and soon left me balls deep in a conversation with some random Israeli gentleman who started our conversation by asking me if I gamble. It must have been the way I said, "Nope, never. Not at all," that convinced him I was interested in spending the next 30-minutes listening to him break down his formula for an 80% winning-percentage in roulette. Like all roulette conversations, this one also was followed up by literally dozens of questions on everything from Foreign Policy to soccer. I was pumped. Luckily, I was saved by irony. About midway through my optimistic response to the problem with America's public education system, I was interrupted by quite possibly the drunkest bitch I have ever seen. Clearly lacking intelligence, and a functioning metabolism, I couldn't deny her originality. Instead of some corny and cliche pickup line, this barefoot bitch thought outside of the box, and just spilled her drink on me. Luckily, it was about 7am, so of course she was double-fisting, enabling my shirt to get shit-faced. Before she could say a word, I stood, shook my man's hand, and announced that I had to go because I think my shirt had too much to drink and it needed to sober up. I think I confused her. Which made sense, because I don't even think she knew that she was carrying two drinks, let alone spilling them. I like to think that she stuck around and finished answering my new Israeli friend's question on education, which eventually led to her sitting on his trapper keeper (if you know what I'm saying), but who knows. Love is blind. As for me, I walked about twenty yards back to the table, just in time to see my buddy P go broke. It was perfect.
1	Worst Place Ever - The staff made me CRY on my vacation!HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service! Do not stay here! It is not worth your money to be treated like crap. I saw one of their staff take my blazer at Moon, and they refused to reimburse me a measly $40 or even accept responsibility. Even worse, one of their staff made me feel like I was at fault and literally brought me to tears in the Palms casino. Do not waste your time or money in an establishment that does not care about paying customers and patrons of their establishment!
4	i love the palms.  this is my new go to hotel when driving into vegas.  (i will still continue to stay at MGM when i fly in).  eventhough it is off the strip, they provide a shuttle for there guest to take them to and from the strip.  the parking is free which is a major plus in my book.  hotel guest can even use the spa at the new tower of the hotel.  everyone should try the eucalyptus steam room.  it is awesome and would be sure to cure any cough or hangover you may have.
1	MY LEAST favorite hotel resort in Las vegas, no NEVADA! This Resort has identity issues. Claiming to be luxury and hip. NOT! Customer service is the Worst EVER! Palms claims to have a new remodel BUT the rooms are STILL small, plain and very basic. The interior and exterior of this resort is dull, cheap and dirty. the Casino is uninviting and unorganzied while the service staff stays untrained/unprofessional. All the clubs here lost the reputation they once had.  NO good places to dine at, and being OFF the strip its a huge headache taking a taxi to eat dinner.  A security guard around the front desk made my 65 year old mother cry for talking on the phone in the wrong place. WTF?!? after that incident, I lost all respect and patience for this hotel. I vowed to BOYCOTT anything palms related. I feel the palms should just shut down with all the competition on the strip and at surrounding OFF-casino resorts like Green valley ranch and M Resort.  I feel like dirty 1 star trash sleeping,dining, and playing here. NO thanks. =[
5	Love this casino!  On the small side compared to the big guys on the strip - but it feels like old Vegas only updated!  Love the vibe!!!  I stayed in a renovated room - very nice.  Will come again.
2	This place is just a sea of slot machines. And $10/shot at the sports book bar is a little ridiculous for a basically glorified stations type local casino.
3	i've been to both Rain and Ghostbar here, many moons ago. good times that i probably wont repeat. never stayed at the hotel though. played poker here also. best part of this hotel as far i can tell. conveniently located across from our usual spots of Gold Coast and Rio. that's a plus. i seem to get room offers here so now that i know their poker room is pretty cool, i may just take them up on it.
4	Still a fun place to party and go clubbing or dining.  I used to love going to the playboy club and I was saddened to see it close. The buffet is terrible but their other venues especially the pearl brings the star rating up.  The food court is pretty good especially since they have the earl of sandwich now.  There are several bars throughout the casino area.  The new sports book is really nice.  And of course the views @ the palms pools are breathtaking.  The palms is good for 21-80 age range.  Something for everyone.  I recommend eating at the nine steakhouse or checking out the ghostbar
3	The Palms is a draw to many people especially the young ones. the place is always alive with activities, as guests, tourists, and celebrities alike marvel at the fanciful clubs and pools that the hotel offers. about more than half of the accommodations are in the newly built Palms Place, where the rooms are more fancy and more up to date as compared to the hotel in the casino itself.
4	I read mixed reviews after booking with the Palms and the hotel exceeded my expectations. We got upgraded twice at check-in and DJ hooked us up with a ton of coupons. This was our first time to Vegas so we didn't know what to expect but except the fact that it's off the strip it was a great hotel!
2	I remember the days when the Palms was one of the hot spots. My friend and I would play video poker, dine, drink and goto the clubs here on at least a twice weekly basis.  Now the casino just wreaks of smoke, body odor, fast food and desperation...and that was just at 9 AM on a Wednesday.  Many of the original places in the casino are closed down such as Little Buddha (which I loved) and Garduno's (pretty darn good Mexican food).  The night club Rain is closed and only open for special events.  The Ditch Fridays pool event is like swimming in a sea of filth (both in and out of the water).  The parking garage and elevator lobby's had trash and debris everywhere...again this was on a Wednesday morning!  This place went from happening to thugg central to boorrrrring real quick.  It does look like some changes are in the works; hopefully not too little too late.
5	We had a great stay here. We stayed at the newest tower. I liked the self parking.  Also, we were upgraded at an additional cost to a corner suite.  It was awesome. Full stainless steel kitchen and 2 bathrooms. We had great views of the strip. There was also a washer and dryer as well as a separate vanity area.  Only complaint is the sofa in the living room area.  It was dirty and grimy.  You would think they would take care of things like this. Overall, I would come back here since it is a great value though a little ways from the Strip which is ok if you have a car.
2	Resort fee intends on nickel and diming you with no warning. If you booked somewhere other than direct beware that, even you your room was paid for up front, that the Palms will charge you a Resort fee for every night you stay. While the room was nice I prefer to stay somewhere where integrity is more important.
4	We stayed at the Palms Hotel for the first time this past weekend. We came for the Joe Bonamassa concert in the Pearl Theatre and were extremely happy for the entire weekend. Customer service was outstanding, from check in to housekeeping to valet and including the buffet. Many places buffet service is average or lacking on good attention. We were taken care of by friendly and helpful staff each time we ate there. The buffet was very good, not gourmet, but great value. Food selection was very good and quality and taste as well. Again, if you want top end food with a price to match, go somewhere else but this was good enough for me to be willing to come back even if staying somewhere else in the future.Room in the Fantasy tower was awesome. Clean, spacious, comfortable with a fantastic view. We didn't request a corner room and got lucky. Will definitely request it in the future.Loved the Pearl Theatre. Excellent venue for concerts and shows. Looked like all seats are good. Pool area was smaller than expected for this type of hotel. We were lucky and got chairs on Saturday late morning and went early on Sunday to get our choice. Pool layout and ease was excellent but again needs more lounges/area. I can only imagine how crowded it must be in the summer.Oveall I am willing to return here when the rates are low. The resort fee is bogus but this isn't the only place doing it so I can't fault them. Even the Rio started it recently.Great place to party.
2	What hotel has a check in time printed on confirmations as 4pm...but when you arrive at 4pm to check in they state check in is "between 4pm and 6pm" and that you won't be able to check in until 6pm.  In addition, terrible customer service at the front desk that basically said that they were not in the wrong at all and that we should have somehow known (despite the email clearly saying check in at 4pm!) that check in times could be up to 6pm. As of 5:15pm, still no indication that we'll be let into our room anytime soon, just the promise that "we'll call when it's ready". Also, no apologies whatsoever for us waiting.
3	Sure it looks nice and the room is cool, but I was NOT  impressed with the 10 min wait time to get the front desk on the phone.  They tell you that you get free internet but actually you are charged $20/day for it.  Internet is super slow, too!!
2	As Chris Rock said; "There are two types of malls in every town... the one people go to... and the one people 'used' to go to."  The later is the Palms.What in the hell happened to this place?  It used to be "thee" place for a while, used to pull people off the strip.  This is more about the overall feel of the place... it turned super "ghetto".  I'm not talking in racial terms, I'm just talking the quality of people that are slumming through here is crazy.  I haven't been here since its peak but it changed - a LOT, from what I remember.  It used to be fairly high-end, fun, etc.  It's now just absolute gutter trash hanging out in the casino.  You can get that "caliber" of people at some back alley casino, honestly.  It just doesn't mesh.  I don't know why this place has been run into the ground.  It just lost the prestige it had, or something.  They really need to figure out how to re-market their brand or something because this is a sinking ship.
1	What a disappointment, as a local I use to love going to the Palms...not anymore! This resort has gone done from the gaming floor to the ridiculous prices in the new sports bar by the pool. We started at Simons but once we saw the condition of the booths peeling vinyl, raggedy seats we decided to go to another restaurant. The clientele at the palms is terrible and I felt like I was going to get a disease. BRING BACK GEORGE MALOOF!!! He was a classy owner and a knew how to run a business. Why on earth would they bring in a replacement who basically bankrupt another local property??? Someone at the top must not be thinking clearly. So glad we dumped our condo at Palms Place what a dive!!!
1	Went for lunch at the coffee shop after the movies.  The service was great, my food was not edible.  Ordered Eggs Benedict w/hash browns, hash browns had to be fried in a very old greasy pan as they just tasted like old oil.  The sauce(?) just set there more like a cheese blob than any sauce I have seen.  I returned the meal and did not order more why would I take a chance.  It was just awful.
5	The Glass Walled Shower.Enough said.
3	The Palms Casino used to be a really nice place to go. Now it is just okay. They seem to have removed a lot of the table games and replaced with all those silly machines.There was a lot of open space that seems to be wasted. This is a place for young people who want to party their faces off and are not serious gamblers. The only thing they have going for them in my eyes are the restaurants. They have some really great restaurants that can't be missed. I also love that it is really easy access to get in this place. The parking is great, you don't need to valet.They also have a pretty great movie theater. But that is about it for me. Basically the same crowd as the Hard Rock and that is really not my style.
3	I stayed at the Palms Hotel off the strip this past weekend. I have to say that my corner room in the Ivory Tower was fantastic. I Had a view of the Strip from one window and the mountains from the other window. The bottle of champagne was great; however the service was something to be desired. I didn't mind checking after 4:00 pm versus 3:00 pm on Thursday. But, what I did mind is the front desk taking 3 hours to give me a new remote control for the TV. I was locked out of my room 2 times because the key didn't work in the door. That Saturday there was a private wine tasting party at the pool and the guest weren't allowed in the pool area or to purchase ticket. What type of hotel does this on a weekend when it's busy with the regular hotel guest? I ask for a late checkout of 12:00 pm versus 11:00 am and was declined as well. The Van to take you to the Las Vegas Strip only runs from 8:00 AM-11:00 PM. The van should run at least until 3: 00AM Thursday-Sunday. I was glad that I rented a car because I went to Wal-Mart on Rainbow to buy bottled water and cheap snacks. Now if you don't want to rent a car stay on the strip. The room was great, and the service not some much! This was a Daily deal purchase so I guess you get what you pay for. Stayed 05/16/13-05/19/13.Room Tip: Corner room in the Ivory Tower. The views are breath taking See more room tips
2	Is it worth staying off the strip? nope!Me and my fiancee stayed at the Palms for a wedding and found a good deal on groupon or something like that. I read that they're trying to revamp their image and was hopeful that it was worth being off the strip. The check in was fast and friendly the hotel seems cool. We got free breakfast buffets with our deal too. Sweet! We found a box of cheezits behind our chair in our room. blegh. The shuttles to the strip don't start until 11am (too late!). The breakfast buffet was a joke. It's originally only $7 . wow thanks for the free meal? The turkey bacon wasn't cooked all the way and the only dessert they offered was bread pudding. C'MON!!  Not only was the food less than average the service was bad. The 24/7 cafe was pretty decent and had good service though and the hotel concierge was very friendly. I won't be staying here again. I mean it was awful but it's not worth being away from the life of vegas.
2	There wasn't anything wrong with the accommodations, but my 2 star rating is due to its distance from the Strip and its casino floor. The room was actually really well decorated and our double bed room even had TWO televisions. The pool is pretty cool, too. However, I just can't get over the inconvenience of being away from the other casinos (not in walking distance and the shuttle service offered isn't 24/7). The second issue is really a matter of preference - the focus at this hotel is about partying and less about gambling, so the floor isn't as good as other casinos. If I were a more of a party person, then I would give the Palms Casino a 3 (maybe even a 4).
5	I am from Las Vegas.I chose this hotel because..1. It has a theatre. So we can always go down to the Casino floor and watch the latest movie. saves us time from driving somewhere else.2. It is 10 minutes away from my Mom's house. Same Cross Street :)3. It has a food court that is open 24 hours!! Very convenient.As far as the room, we were given a 1 King at the Ivory Tower.Recently re-modeled so everything is clean and new.For 30$ after Memorial Day weekend, good rate for an average hotel :)
1	I used to have a great time here several years ago and was excited to be attending an event and stay here.  I will say the room is remodeled and very clean and that's where it stops.  Check-in was quick but was told the in addition to the $20 a night resort  fee which is common to all the casinos you have to leave $50 a night deposit in case of damages?  So if you use your ATM M/C you better be sure to have enough in your account.  I did but it would have been nice to know ahead of time.  The room - As I said it was very clean and nicely remodeled.  Problem?  Blackout curtains didn't really black out the room and I could see the purple light shining in my room.  Now the best part, I could hear the person in the room next to me.   I could hear his tv and I could hear him and the person he was talking to on the phone (he had it on speaker).  This was at midnight and at 5 a.m.  I was in the Ivory Tower and I could hear the cars below on the street.  It was so loud I wondered if the window was open.  Food court - Very expensive unless you want to eat McDonalds.  I was attening a conference there and not much time to eat.  Looked at Nathan's hot dogs, get ready for this, the deal was 2 hot dogs and fries (no drink) ...wait for it....$18 for a hot dog?  Casino floor was fine for me and I wasn't here to party in the night clubs.  I did go across the street to the Gold Coast for dinner at the Ping Pang Pong and the food there was incredible and they had way more to play on their casino floor.  I paid twice as much to stay across the street.  Next year when I come for the convention, that's where I'm staying for 1/2 the cost .  Very disappointed.  Sadly I have one more night here.
5	Fun place.  Lots to do from restaurants to clubs to movie theatre.
2	We stayed in the newly remodeled Ivory tower on the 9th floor. Beautiful room, gorgeous bathroom, very modern styling. My favorite part was the view--gorgeous. The pool party at this hotel is fun, featuring a warm shallow pool and rap/hip hop music, a central bar, and several private seating areas.Spend the time to get the player's club card from the palms club desk. You'll save a little money that way if you plan to eat at the buffet. But a warning. Avoid the buffet unless you absolutely must... the food was awful and the lingering cigar smell doesn't go away no matter how far in you go. The wait in the line for hotel guests and such was also very, very long, even though the buffet was empty and there weren't that many people waiting. If you go towards the cinemas/skytube exit, you'll see an entire food court on your left. You might fare better there if you don't want to leave the hotel for meals. If you do go out, Ricardo's is great local joint for good Mexican food.Also, the ventilation here is really bad, so if you're sensitive to smoke, I recommend a different hotel. We went to the Aria for the Sunday pool party and the difference in the air quality was very noticeable.
3	The reason I gave this place 3 stars is because I only came here to gamble. The tables start off kind of high the lowest I found was a 15 dollar black jack table. The bartender was cool usually you have to put twenty dollars into a machine to get free drinks but since I put in five dollars and was winning a lot he gave me free drinks which was awesome.
1	This hotel is ridiculously over priced! After charging 175.00 a night they then charge you to get into the pool, into the spa, and the buffet. Ridiculous! And the rooms are mediocre. I've stayed in bed and breakfast room with better amenities. They do not have a coffee pot or iron.
3	PROS1. Pool section is fun and well supervised but closes at 6:00 pm, even in the summer.2. Although gaming is slow in Vegas in general, the dealers there were friendly and did not offend newbies who were not experienced blackjack or roulette players.3. Tables have limits as low as $5 even on weekends, to satisfy every type of gambler.4. Moon Bar is packed on weekends and the view from the top is phenomenal.5. The sports room is spacious and draws a good crowd.6. Several eateries are open overnight.7. Check-in and check-out is relatively painless.8. Perfect for the 22-35 year old demographic who are looking for good clubs and are not big gamblers.CONS1. My room was not cleaned on one of the days. While the person at the front desk did apologize and offered to have the room service come immediately, it was time to hit the sack and wasn't worth the bother.  At that point, being comped would have been the right thing.2. When going to the Moon Bar, I was asked to pay a $25 cover charge and told that I missed the free midnight deadline by 10 minutes. I shouldn't have to go through the hassle of finding a supervisor to waive it when I'm paying good money as a guest there.3. When I told someone at the front desk that the 8:00 p.m. cut-off time is way too early for the shuttle service to the strip to stop, I was told "this is meant for people who shop at Caesars Palace and be happy for it since it's free". I explained that it wasn't free as it was part of the $22 daily "resort fee". Also, the shuttle service is only every half an hour, so if being on the strip is important to you, it's something to strongly consider as you're killing about an hour of your day for a one mile trip each way.4. The younger ladies in the sports betting room are not adequately trained and gave wrong information on how the odds, etc, worked in certain games.5. Ate twice at Heraeas and was not impressed. On my first night in, all I wanted was a burger since I was tired as the lower bun was so soggy, it was as if it was dumped in a bucket. Another night I had their Brick Chicken for $24 and it certainly tasted like a brick. Was told that it came with potatoes, which were the size of marbles. I asked to have bread with it, but the helpful bartender said they were all out! He did manage to find a pita-type bread which was stale.6. I did not eat at their buffet, but the long lines waiting outside looked like the newsclips of the unemployment lines of the 1970's.7. Wanted to get a souvenir for a relative who had asked for one and this had to be the poorest selection I've ever seen at any hotel in Vegas. The only attractive items were golf shirts with "Palms", but went for $75.8. The infamous $22 "resort fee" also includes a USA Today newspaper, which isn't delivered to your front door, is probably given to them for free and to be honest with you....I didn't even know they still existed.9. If you're pushing 40, you might not have a good time here as the focus is on clubs and the 20-something crowd. After hearing Dr. Dre's song with the lyrics "n-word and hoes" playing over the weekend at the pool, you may have an urge to look for your nonexistent AARP card.10. The bathroom is extremely dark as shaving is an adventure.11. The sharp toilet paper used is the equivalent of using a newspaper. Bring your own!Since I can't give it 2.5 stars, I settled on a "3" rating. If you go to the Palms, let me know how your experience was.
5	I decided to go to Vegas for EDC weekend this year totally last minute.. so of course most hotels are full or super expensive. I found a room online in the Fantasy Tower for pretty cheap and the room looked cool so I decided to book it. It kind of sucked since everyone always wants to stay on the strip where the party was but I didn't mind driving since we had a car there. When we went to check in I asked the lady if I could pay a little extra for a room with a view of the strip. She checked her computer and said that she didn't have anymore of those rooms available. I told her it was fine and she responded by telling me she was going to give me a free upgrade to the newly remodeled Ivory Tower. I remember checking out those rooms online and seeing they were quite a bit more expensive than the room I had book and super nice! You would think the oldest tower wouldn't be so nice but it really is. She gave us a free upgrade up on one of the top floors with a beautiful view of the entire strip from our GIANT window. I was so pleased that she had done that for us I wish I could have gotten her name. She looked like she might have been a manager, short brown hair and glasses. Anywho, the room was beautiful and very well kept. There was not one thing I could think of to complain about our room. I also ordered room service it came up within 25 minutes. I had the salmon and it was pretty yummy.A lot of people don't like the idea of not staying on the strip but I don't mind so I will for sure be staying here again. It's not much a party hotel but a half mile away is the strip and the party so it wasn't a big deal to me. They also gave us free drink coupons for the Rojo lounge in the next tower over.. they have some amazing specialty drinks!There's a $20 a night resort fee and a $50 deposit a night as well.and in the 24/7 Cafe downstairs the french onion soup is delicious!
2	The rooms aren't bad, but what the hell happened to the clientele here. Just to give you an example, one day at the pool with about an hour til close a group of six or seven people come in; one dude and his harem. Anyhow, they order two bottles of patron and then all of a sudden all "booty" shaking hell breaks loose. Mind you there are families here too. At any rate, to make a long story short, they were escorted out by security when the main honcho fell into the pool with jeans on. Never again Palms, never again.
4	- I like coming here as the clientele tends to skew a little younger/more chic/single than most people on the Strip, indoor/outdoor parking is convenient (not a long walk from the casino), there's a nice movie theatre and the food court is open 24/7.
3	Not as nice as some of the other casino, but it's off the strip and not nearly as crowded.  They also had suites available for us at a very decent price on a very busy weekend.  The pool was cool and the staff for the most part was friendly.  I did get some lip from a pit boss, but I was killing it on the black jack table and would have probably given me a little lip as well. ;)  You do have to catch a ride if you want to go to the strip which is probably the biggest negative.  I didn't notice any clubs inside the hotel either, but that doesn't mean they don't have any;
4	My wife and I were traveling home and decided to stop in Vegas for the night.  We had a good deal from Expedia for the Palms so decided we would try it out.  For the value, stay was very nice.  Room was clean, spacious, and up to date design.  Bathroom had plenty of space with large bathtub.  Staff was always friendly when checking in and asking for information.  That continued at the resturants we ate at, including chocolat.  Small space near west side that had large selection of crepes both savory and sweet, but was somewhat overpriced.  Overall though, stay was worth the price.
4	Nice room, new, clean and exactly as the photos in their website. Nice view to the strip and other Palms buildings.The wifi is included with the room charges.Cool pool parties, clean an odor free casino. Breakfast was included but not good enough.Housekeeping is not well performed.They have no idea of whatever your package includes if you get your reservations from a third party.
4	Rooms were clean, looked new, well maintained. And staff is great
2	Was just here this past weekend, as I took my cousin to Vegas for his 21st! Heard good things about the Palms, so decided to book my first stay here, as it seems to be one of the few hotels in Vegas I have not stayed at. For starters, the service sucked. We flew in on Friday night, pulled up in a limo (hey, I was trying to impress my cousin), and could not get a bell person to help us for several, several minutes. When I let the front desk know about it, her response was that there was only one man working for all of the people checking in. ARE YOU KIDDING?? THIS IS FRIDAY NIGHT IN VEGAS? This lady at the front desk didn't really seem to care, so I asked to see a manager. She let me know who the manager was and pointed her out, Stella was her name. Stella walked by several times and absolutely ignored me, to which the response I received was, "oh, well Stella is off the clock, and our other manager is busy". Furious was an understatement at this point. Finally I reached Theta(? I think  was her name?) and she actually gave a shit. She heard me out a lot. In fact, she is the only reason this place is getting more than 1 star. She upgraded my room to a suite and apologized, nice gesture, Still, every time I called room service, front desk, house-keeping, or concierge, the line was busy my ENTIRE stay. In our hotel room we had (I think) 9 TVs, which is cool, except NONE of them worked properly. This place has gone in the shitter. Vegas has so many options for great hotels, I would not stay here again.
3	My boyfriend and I are on a holiday in Vegas for a few days.. the first couple days we stayed at South Point Casino and Resort and were very happy with it.. We were given a booklet of coupons for most of the places in the resort which we got a good use of. Our room was comfortable and the prices within the resort were surprisingly cheap and worth it! We are now at Palms Casino and our room is beautiful! We got a really good deal online so it has been worth it, but remember that they charge over $20 a day resort fee. The service at the front desk was wonderful, we had some trouble with funds and had to wait a day for them to transfer but they worked out a deal for us to help us. The view from our room is spectacular at night. The pool is very nice.. But this resort is not cheap.. Drinks at the pool were way too expensive.. They say they include free Wifi but really they include free slow wifi for ONE computer per room and if you want faster or to use my computers it costs more (isn't this what this daily resort fee is for) The day beds by the pool are over $300 a day to reserve. I feel like for what people usually pay for rooms they should be getting more for their money.
5	We stayed at the Palms via a deal on TravelZoo ($59/night - score!). It's a mile off the strip, which was great for walking for exercise, and reasonable for a cab to dinner. Check-in: Smooth, quick. Our friends had a lengthier experience, but ours was top-notch. My husband asked if there was anything with a view, and the clerk kindly moved us to a corner room (bigger, view of the strip to one side and the mountains to the other). No charge.Room: Walking down the hallway we were curious to see an icebucket that had water dripping into it along with a caution sign. It looked like someone threw up, but it was drywall from the ceiling, which apparently had quite a leak (there was a hole sawn around what I assume was an AC component). They offered to move us, but we liked the room, and we really just wanted to unpack. The room was gorgeous. New, clean, bright, well-organized. AC worked great, linens were clean and soft, and pillows were yummy.Hallway: The leak never changed. In fact, we had to ask the front desk a couple of times to have someone empty the bucket because it was overflowing. They continued to offer a change of rooms. Instead, we leveraged our agreeability about not moving into a late checkout, so it balanced.Casino: Small, uncrowded (we were there on weeknights), pleasant. Didn't hurt that we hit a generous slot machine.Buffet: Included in our package for breakfast. Omelet station was fantastic, and if you wanted anything else, all the unhealthies were available.Shuttle:  To the Forum Shops at Caesar's:  The catch is that they only run 11am-8pm.Would stay again!Room Tip: Ask for a corner in the Ivory Tower - newly remodeled with great views!
5	I've recently been playing here for a short period of time.  In this short time they have sent me some decent comps.  For some ODD reason I reached All Star status faster than I thought.  I don't really win here, EVER. But as far as the promotions go they're pretty fair, interesting and keep you coming back. They give out moist towlettes, $5 dining credits, and car fresheners as gifts. I haven't gotten anything crazy good. But I enjoy the 24 Seven Cafe's Parmesan sandwhich. And Tuesday's at Fortune's Shrimp fried rice is 7.99 and it's great for the price.  I LOVE their Sweet and Sour Chicken it's pretty close to what we're used to back East.
4	Whoo hoo. Suite upgrade! The Ivory Suite was very modern and spacious. Love the pink couch in the living room. Bathroom was spacious but no tub. I did not like the glass doors. I thought I broke it several times because it always made a loud noise when I closed it. Bed room was spacey but a little empty. a master bathroom and a restroom. I really enjoyed staying off the strip and away from its madness.
3	The casino floor of this hotel is not very appealing, but the rooms are nice. The bar in the back by the poker tables has good bartenders, Fabian was very professional and concocted and array of drinks for us; we are not your normal "vodka cran" people.
3	This was our first visit to the Palms.  We were in Vegas for a family gathering, which was already set up for the hotel, so we really didn't shop around first.  Everyone wants to be on the Strip, so this is one of those places that tries to offer more value for the money.   For the most part it succeeds.  My biggest complaint is the "free wi-fi".  Imagine dial-up.  Now imagine 200 rooms using one dial-up connection.    I wanted to check my flight status and wasted about an hour doing so.  If I'm going to spend $32 for a drink in a plastic sipper by the pool or $1500 for a cabana (and no, I'm not that desperate for attention that I would do that), is it too much to ask, for at least medium connection speed?We stayed in the newly remodeled Ivory Tower on the 21'st floor,  Great view of the city and a really spacious room.  The bathroom was also large with a doorless shower.   In four nights, I never figured out how to turn on the shower without being doused with cold water, but then again, I don't have any advanced engineering degrees.  Beds were really comfortable- firm with a memory foam topper.  Great pillows- soft and scrunchy.  Nice quilted comforter.  They provide a kind of faux fur throw at the bottom of the bed, that's only a foot wide, so if you like to run the AC at night and want to stay warm, you'll be using towels, since they don't provide an extra blanket.  They also give you one bar of soap, so we kept moving it from the sink to the shower.  Yes, we could have called the front desk for a blanket or tracked down the maid for more soap, but we had better things to do.A friend's room had a large crack in the plasma tv screen and ours would periodically dim to almost black before coming back to life, but then we weren't there for the television.Rapper Neo performed a five-song set at the pool and as guests, we didn't have to pay the cover.  The place was surprisingly below capacity for a Friday afternoon.  Security was tight and although I understand why they wouldn't allow liquids or drugs into the pool area, I don't understand the ban on breath mints.  I mean, what could we have done to him with a pack of Tic Tacs?  They advertised his appearance would be between 1-5, so of course that really meant 4:00-4:30.  Those Tic Tacs would have gone a long way to help spend the time!The hotel has a cardio center with televisions and treadmills and stair steppers.  That wasn't bad, but we opted to pay the additional fee to use the spa.  That includes free weights, steam and jacuzzi and only costs $35 each, for a three day pass.  They also have fresh fruit and somebody thoughtfully stocks all of the machines with bottled water and towels.  It was kind of a trek to actually GET to the gym.  You walk down long corridors with traveling walkways, which seem reminiscent of an airport, then take an elevator and two flights of stairs.  But if a little walking is such an issue, why go to the gym at all?We went up to Moon nightclub, which is located on the roof of the same building and also spent an evening at Rain.  Moon was by far the more interesting venue, with spectacular views and an outdoor fireplace.  Rain was just a big room with a dance floor and some roped off VIP areas for those same people who rent cabanas.  Tip:  don't wear heels if you don't plan to pay for the VIP treatment, because there is otherwise no place to sit.Palms has a reasonably priced, very large buffet.  It's not the size of Rio's massive venue, but a close second, with everything from tacos, to sushi to spicy tofu.  Desserts are stale and small but that's just one less calorie inducing enticement I had to worry about.  I tried the creme brulet, but evidently they don't know the brown sugar on top is supposed to be caramelized with a torch.  Mine was liquid.The facility has a 14 theatre multiplex, including an Imax theater inside, which is spacious and has top notch projection and sound.  They also have weekly specials, like a movie, large popcorn and a drink for $11, on one day, and senior discounts on another.I would stay here again, but I'd bring a book instead of my laptop!
4	Decent hotel. I chose this location for the concert I was attending at The Pearl, but I would probably come back on my next Vegas trip. The staff was very friendly!
4	I am back in love with the Palms!!! We stayed here for my Girlfriend Diane's 50th Birthday. The deal I got was great. Our room was newly remodeled and perfectly designed for a wheelchair user. The Staff was friendly and helpful. Actually, the only reason I am not giving The Palms 5 Stars is that they didn't have their wheelchair height Blackjack table open enough for me.We had a great time at The Palms and will definitely be back...maybe for my Birthday!!!
4	The Palms has turned it around.  I had sworn off of this formerly uber hipster joint, but I had a great time there playing craps and table games.  The staff was really nice and seemed genuine in their interest to keep you happy.  The waitress was on top of her game and kept me with a drink...two most of the time.  Great ventilation system and a clean feel.  Also ran into a certain Gold Medalist swimmer from Baltimore at the Craps tables.  He was very nice and interacting with all, even took a pic with my kid.
2	Nice rooms. Beautiful pool but some of the bartenders were quite snooty (we were directed to the water fountain- ew- for water on a 105 degree day after buying $20 drinks- very tacky). DEAD during the week- will spend a lot of money on cabs to get to civilization. Also, had their main nightclubs closed when we went and we were given no warning when booking, and no comps even though free admission was part of our deal. Won't be staying there if I go back.
1	I loved the place but had to many issues with your hotel I doubt I would stay again. I stood at palms place on august 16-19 and had a horrible experience. Let me start off with the good. It has a nice pool, bufffet and cool clubs since I went to rain and moon on friday night and seen jazzy jeff. Now the bad. Our room at palms place was the studio. When we got in from the clubs are restroom door was shut closed and we couldn't open it.that seams to be a problem from what I hear. 2nd we find a dirty condom in between the sofa pull out bed. Whats worst it was used. So we call house keeping and they call maintenance to fix jam door. The maintenance guy was cool he called front desk and they moved us to a one bedroom room. Before all this drama happened we parked at palms and told valet guy to park our truck In a good spot or front since it has a matte paint job. When we get our car to drive to palms place it has a nasty stain on hood so we filed a claim. That wasn't the problem the female asian lady in charge of casino that late night early morning was very mean. I asked her can she do something nice for us to make our stay better and she said no. Very arragont person for someone in charge of the casino. I asked her can u comp me something for this nonsense while security took photos and right up claim and she ignored me like I was not even a guest. The security were great help and nice but u need a better night casino operations manager then that rude female. I could go on and on. When we check out monday August 19th it took 2 hrs for a bell man then he has the nerve to ask me to load the cart because he was sore.once I loaded cart it took him another 30 min to bring me my stuff because he said I need to grab 1 item for another couple who already tip me. Nice place and horrible customer service specially from palms manager. Sucks we paid more for nicer room and we got bad service. Thanks for reminder  maybe if i post here on yelp palms can do something for me to change my opinion.I didn't have time to complain since I was running late due to bell man at palms place and i had a drs. appt that afternoon in la. FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME POKERNUT9@HOTMAIL.COM
3	Rates are reasonable for a spacious 650 sq ft suite and Off The Strip. But thats about it.  Great for the Y Generation Partiers (pool parties, lounge etc),  Local lacks maturity / finise.  Thank God, the daily Buffet was free (promotional) - terrible.  It really is a pity.  I expected more.
5	Checked in late. Gave the clerk "The Sandwich" and asked if there was a badass upgrade available because it was my birthday. After some typing he says the best he could do was a studio in Palms Place. SCORE! The room was sweet! Two 42" LCD tv's. Jacuzzi tub. floor to ceiling windows and THE MOST COMFORTABLE BED I HAVE EVER SLEPT IN. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	My last visit at the PALMS was almost perfect , i do have the greatest hostess KIM and she always make me feel so special , i was pleased to meet Sara in the VIP room she is always so sweet and professional at her job makes me feel good and welcome , never lets me down . And than there's Robert totally wrong for this type of job , has no personality and a horrible attitude never seen him smile and always looks angry . This is what happened , i always take pic's and videos on my trips that's how i promote my trips and events that i attend and ther are many , they know me at the PALMS i get to go to special events and take my pic's , the host and security know who i am BUT when i toke some pic's in the VIP room Robert called security on me , never had this problem before , all he had to say to me was please don't take any pic's and i would of said no problem , when i talk to security and KIM they were shocked at his actions and yes i was upset , i have taken pic's at the LVH , PARIS , ENCOR, LUXOR , WYNN , all with my host's and in their VIP rooms and never had this problem . This is not something i want to deal with again . Hopefully this moron will not be there .
5	We loved this place!!!! And to think we only paid 36 bucks from groupon (Expedia)...this is a family oriented place. The room is gorgeous and already has all you need, including a stove, cutleries, and all.. The room is non smoking. Our baby girl loved the pool, there was the 2 ft section that she played in and slowly allows her to have that confidence to go to a deeper level! We will be back, great family hotel in Vegas: clean and best of all no casino and gambling, so no drunk people...
4	In my best Kool Aid accent, "Ohhh yeah!"I stayed here for Pole Expo and received a special weeknight rate.  I love this place as an off-the-strip option!  The rooms are spacious and modern.  I had stayed here once before about 9 years so I expected the rooms to be a little dumpy (maybe a lot dumpy)  but I was surprised at how maintained they were.  The beds were big and comfy.  The bathrooms were huge.Before, the room that I stayed in didn't even have a mini bar and it seemed like the hotels were going that route due to their guests ganking all the liquor and re-filling the bottles with water.The pool area is nice although I am not certain if I really like the fact that I can't bring a drink, that I bought IN the hotel, in there.  I do like that it is a 21 and over though.  The cocktail staff is plentiful so that you can stay liquored up by the pool.There aren't a ton of eating options here but their sports book restaurant, Heraea, is fantastic.  They serve a great buffalo wing plate with the option of spicy chili sauce all over the wings instead of the usual Tabasco-based sauce.  The staff was super nice and informative about things to do and places to go.I wished that the shuttle to Caesar's ran a little bit later.  Someone who needs a little more action around the tables might not want to stay here.  It was pretty sparse compared to the casinos just a shuttle ride away.I'd stay here again as there are just way too many people to deal with in the hotels ON the strip.  I didn't seem like the hotel was at max capacity and maybe that is why my check-in and check out experiences were so easy.  There were 2 events going on at the hotel, Pole Expo and Shedonism, though.  Anyway, it's close enough to the strip and I'm sure I will be back for future debaucherous occasions.
3	It's a casino, nothing good, nothing bad to say about the inside!But that club rain!  Not the club itself, but the set up is off the chain!
5	I'm specifically writing about The Palms Buffet.I go there about once per week and I really appreciate that (over the last year), the QUALITY of the buffet has vastly improved. Chef Wash (pardon the spelling) has done a marvelous job bringing a nice variety of items each day as well as a few standard favorites. There are certain items that I really like..recently, there was an item that I always like that was NOT on the buffet line. Do you know that the Chef whipped up that item just for me?!? WOW, talk about service!Just one little comment...The mustard colored uniforms are not only unflattering to the staff, the color is difficult to see when a host/hostess is flagging a diner to be seated. I'd like to see bright blue, red, or green uniforms so your helpful staff would be more noticeable. Yellow (on most people) is not a pretty tone to wear..especially the weird yellow these uniforms are. Keep up the good work!
1	If you are 21-29 this is a great place. if you are 1 day past your 29 birthday, you should seek a different hotel. The rooms are great, the pool after WAY TOO MUCH security is ok (it is more like a club). However security and executive staff is a joke and apparently outside guests (non-hotel) guests are allowed to roam the entire hotel, pool, elevator areas, etc. 9/14 at that hotel was a JOKE
5	Really loved this hotel. Mama and i were able to do a little mini-moon after our wedding. found a great deal for a monday overnighter here. our room was awesome. really modern and sophistacated. flatscreen, high thread count sheets, sitting couch, standup shower etc etc. the pool area was also very nice. clean and chic. chairs were pillow top unlike some of the plastic ones we'd been on before at other hotels. service was pretty good everywhere. oh, and they have THE best buffet for the BEST price! they also offer a shuttle every half hour to Caesar's palace. BAM! we'll definitely look into staying here again.
4	The remodel looks great! The gaming floor is laid out very well and there is plenty to do even if you are not a gambler. The new pool and club are amazing
3	I'm really torn on how to feel about the Palms.  My entire stay was up and down.  I booked through Hotwire and according to my reservation, I was supposed to be in Palms Place. When I went to check in, the guy at the desk told me my reservation was actually in the Palms Ivory Tower. I'm not sure if this was a Palms issue or a Hotwire issue, but I was not particularly impressed. Add to this that the front desk guy was not at all friendly, and that I was charged an early check-in fee of $30 to check-in about a half an hour early, we were not off to a good start.The room itself was really awesome.  Kind of funky, not like any other place that I had stayed, and very young and energetic feeling.  We had really fun dealers and good service when we were playing table games, but I played one "featured" slot machine for about 90 minutes and was never once offered a drink. It was not exactly busy at this time either for that matter.We were staying here the night of the Mayweather-Alvarez fight which also happened to be the night of a P. Diddy after-party. The line for the party was so substantial, that it completely blocked off the guest elevator. We had to get find a security guy to get us to our elevator so we could go to bed.  They were very helpful, but it struck me as odd that no one seemed to think that someone may need to get to their room in the middle of the night.  When we finally got to our room, the music from the pool party could not only be heard but felt.  All in all, I don't think anything about my experience was so egregious that I would go to the 1 or 2 star level, but on the other hand, I'd have a hard time recommending the Palms to anyone, and I have a hard time envisioning a scenario where I would stay here again myself.
5	Best Casino Ever! My husband and I go here every weekend to gamble and just get away from our kids for a couple of hours lol We almost win over $200 every time we go! We know exactly what machines to play and have so much fun! The cocktail waitresses know us and always are friendly and keep the drinks coming! Check this place out its awesome! You'll love it!
4	This is a great hotel for the price - you can get so cheap deals and good rates online, and for some of the nicest rooms I hear in Vegas. Only drawback is that it's not on main strip, so if you're ok with that, here is what you need to know, and I am going into explicit detail here because there website doesn't really explain the set up very well:I stayed in a room in the "ivory tower" I didn't hear any noise from the pool party so I think it's a good idea to ask to be placed there if possible to avoid noise/vibration from the parties. Room was great, comfortable bed, very large bathroom, huge wall hung flat screen TV and WIFI. Clean, modern and very hip.There is a $10 breakfast buffet every morning. Its pretty great-unless you care about eating healthy in which case you'll have to make due with an omelet, cereal and melon. If you want to fill up for the day though it's a pretty fabulous deal with bacon, sausages, eggs, omelets, every variety of hash browns imaginable,  Asian foods, and much more. On Sundays for $19 there is a champagne brunch which includes a huge and endless assortment of food from Mexican make your own tacos, to stir fries to a carving station along side the basic breakfast buffet options.There is a food court. It has a McDonald's, a Chinese place, a pizza place, a Nathan's hot dog place (best chicken strips and chips ever), a Mexican place, a coffee shop, a sandwich shop, a yogurt shop and a movie theater. Near the hotel lobby area is a gelato/coffee shop and a convenience store selling expensive water and KY jelly. You WILL end up shopping there and spending $18 on a bottle of sunscreen. Be prepared.There are two pools. One pool is the main "see and be seen" pool party pool, and one on the other side of the resort. This pool is small but nice and quiet in a very relaxed setting.  If you want to avoid the crowds and noise of the main pool it's worth checking out the smaller one across the way. Pack a little bag w/ sun block and water and head over! It will be an adventure. You have to walk through the casino and the food court and over on those people movers like in the airport to get to it. Then you take the elevator at the end of the people mover up to the 6th floor. It's a bit of a trek but once you do it and know where you're going it won't seem as bad. There you will find the quiet pool and the spa and a nice little restaurant. This pool has a bar and a serves food from the restaurant. I didn't get to eat there but the menu options looked a bit more interesting, reasonably priced and healthier than some of the other spots in the main hotel area. Pick up a towel and snag a lounge chair in the sunshine. If it's overcast go for a soak in the hot tub or...For a $15 day pass go to the spa next door. If you go, here is what you need to know, because this is going to be the best $15 you have very spent. You will get: A cozy snuggly bathrobe, slippers and a locker. Then you will get access to their dry sauna, steam room, a huge soaking hot tub, and a cold soaking tub as well as the hammam. The hamman I was told is not as hot as the smaller steam room so bring your towel and hang out for a while. It's a huge tiled circular room with built-in benches all around. In the middle is a very large sort of table/bench you can beach yourself on. When I went it was completely empty so I had whole table to myself. If you get too hot, in the corner is a little cove with a cold water shower. I was told to start off with the dry sauna then go to the hot tub, then the hammam then the super hot steam room and finish with the cold soak. I felt fabulous. There are plenty of lounge chairs all around the hot tub so come when you can spend some time just relaxing. There is also a separate lounge room with magazines, water and juices as well as fruit and trail mix too keep your energy up. (This is all FREE as part of your entrance fee!)Next to the steam room and hot tub is a cucumber water dispenser (heavenly) and a bucket of ice w/ rolled up face cloths for you to keep cool with. There are also plenty of bottles of water available everywhere as well as extra towels. The showers are fantastic. Your little shower room comes with YOUR OWN high quality disposable razor, shaving cream, and luscious smelling shower gel and shampoo and conditioner. When it's time to get dressed you can do your hair and make-up with complementary hair products and a really good blow dryer.They scrimp on nothing here and you get so much more than your money's worth.If you live in Vegas, this is a great way to pamper yourself and have a spa day on the cheap(if you're not staying at he hotel I believe the day pass is $30-still worth it.) and if you're just visiting I suggest going like I did on check out day -especially if you have a late flight, just check out but you can still take advantage of the pool and spa and still have a place to get to get showered and changed.
2	This casino used to be 5 stars but is in dire need for further renovations or other ways to drive traffic back to this casino.
2	Umm what happened here?  No more playboy bunnies either?Came for the Depeche Mode concert which was in a small intimate theater.  Great show by the way and I don't even listen to that type of genre normally.Played a few hands of cards prior to the show to kill time and I swear these dealers are the strip rejects.  No offense but it took forever for the guy to deal and he kept messing up in every way possible.  Unless there is another awesome concert going down, there would be no reason for me to venture to the Palms.  It's just not as hot as it used to be.  TIme to destroy and rebuild.
2	I recently stayed here, not even a week ago, and it was less than okay, and I'll explain why...1) This hotel is not located on the strip, initially I knew that, but my boyfriend was dying to stay here so I compromised, knowing that there'd be a shuttle plus he said we'd just take cabs seeing as though it was only a mile from the strip. Come to find out the shuttle ran every half hour which is horrible, & only sat 12 ppl so if you were the 13th you would have to wait until the next one came which was a whole half an hour later AND it stopped running at 8 so if you wanted to leave your hotel after 8 or come back from the strip to your hotel after 8 that's a 12 dollar cab with cash, 15 with a card (for a mile long ride!). You can see how hanging out after 8 outside of your hotel can add up in cab fees if there's only 2 of you like it was for me.2) When checking in there were only two receptionists and they moved pretty damn slow. We checked in, I want to say around 11pm, which is probably why there were only two staff but it's a hotel, it's Vegas, people are checking in all the time, so the wait for that was a little ridiculous.3) The wifi was Blahhh, it was very slow and I had to enter my name and room number constantly to keep connecting back to it... Annoying!4) The food wasn't cheap at all, it was 45 bucks for my boyfriend and I to eat at the buffet which I thought would have been fitting for two ppl that didn't stay in the hotel opposed to two ppl that did BUT I will say that they served endless champagne which diffused the situation for me, they did good with that (finally!)5) There was a $20 fee a night so when I was checking out that was $80 for me but they attempted to charge us for a Gatorade and some other item that we never used which hiked up the price. After we told them we hadn't used anything in the mini bar they did take those items off of the bill. Twenty dollars a night is still kind of ridiculous after paying hundreds of dollars for the hotel room already, don't you think?6) At this point I'm done talking about this place! There are already too many deterring points I've made about this hotel that I just do not feel like continuing. On the ups the room was nice and newly renovated and we had two beds when we only needed one, the bathroom was really nice and the tv had cable so good job on that I guess. We were able to do one party at the "Moon something" for free after putting ourselves on the guest list. The party itself was a little corny but the rooftop view was pretty cool.7) All in all if you MUST stay here it won't be your worst experience, especially if you're richer than me, lol, but I would recommend staying somewhere on the strip, it's much more convenient, some of the hotels are less expensive, and you won't have to worry about carfare after 8pm! I, however, would NEVER stay here again!
4	Stayed at Palms Casino while in Vegas to see DEPECHE MODEOur room was in the Fantasy Tower & it was huge - comfy bed w/ nice fluffy pillows.  Little sitting area & the bathroom was equally ginormous w/ a whirlpool tub & great-smelly productsEven though they're well off the Strip, they offer a complimentary shuttle that will take people to & from Caesars Palace & I thought that was a very nice touch.  We did not take advantage of this service but it is great to know for next time!Seems all hotels around here charge this ridiculous "Resort Fee" - which is really another way to gouge customers for more money.....we were told this included free wi-fi among other things but considering this Resort Fee is not optional, we're actually paying for the wi-fi.....but whateverPalms offers great restaurants, a world-class concert hall & free shuttles - what's not to love about this place?Only minor snafu was as we were leaving.......when we checked in, the concierge setup an airport shuttle for us for 4am the next morning but they never showed.  No big deal since there was a huge line of cabs just waiting to take us to the airport but when I went in to advise the Bellhop we couldn't wait for the shuttle any longer but were happy to take a cab, he said no way & took us to the airport HIMSELF b/c he felt so badly our shuttle service forgot usHow nice is that?!  With all these service perks & people who really care about customer service, we'd most definitely consider Palms for another Vegas stay
3	This is a decent hotel at a good price.  You're not on the strip, but I found a cab ride (after shuttle hours) to Ceasar's Palace (the closest point at the strip) to be about $10 with tip.My room in the Ivory Tower was spacious and had a partial view of the strip. The bathroom was clean and spacious as well. I was here for work and didn't use the tv except to check out (although it wasn't working so I had to go downstairs anyway).My main gripe is that I had a very chatty neighbor who woke me up at 4:30am.  I called the front desk and they said they'd send someone up to take care of it - but since they chatted loudly until 6:30am, I'd say that they either did not send security up or security knocked on their door but did not stand in the hall for even a few minutes after that to make sure that they piped down.Overall not bad for the price.
4	Love love love the palms! Clean, fresh rooms. The most comfy beds in Vegas! Great staff, food and atmosphere! Get a players card,great deals with it and LOVE the ghost bar!
1	Pre-paid room was not available, so we were DOWNGRADED?!?!!?...So a couple of months ago, I received a promo email from The Palm offering a 'premiere' room at a discounted rate, along with a $50 meal credit which could be used at any of their restaurants.  After making a reservation (and prepaying!) I followed up with a phone call explaining that this stay was part of my wedding anniversary trip and specifically requested a king bed.  I was told this would not be a problem.Upon check-in, was told no king beds were available, and was DOWNGRADED to a Superior room.  Really?  On a prepaid reservation for a wedding anniversary I get a downgrade?  After specifically contacting the hotel?  Wow, very disappointing.  Price differential between the rooms is approx. 25-33%, sure feels like a 'bait and switch.'In addition, there was a $50 dining credit with this reservation that proved to be much, much less than desired.  Nove Italian was closed, our backup choices opened at 6pm (which is not conducive to attending a concert at The Pearl), the credit was useless at 'Chocolat' for breakfast, ended up at the '24/7' which was NOT what I had in mind for a wedding anniversary dinner.Note, I've stayed at this hotel before and found it is a fine hotel that ordinary I have no problem with, when you get what you pay for.  However, when I go out of my way to contact the hotel in advance with a very reasonable special request regarding room type but get downgraded, AND get advance information on the dining credit that proves to be false (I was specifically informed that the dining credit was good at all restaurants except 'The Eatery' which is not true), they've taken away the two primary reasons driving my stay, which were a Premiere Room and dinner at Nove.Also, while I realize all the Vegas hotels add the dubious 'resort fee,' it really does border on insulting to claim standard amenities as a value-added that justifies an addition pricing point, particularly when no newspaper is outside my door, I don't use the gym, and in fact the ONLY item on this list I (briefly) used was the wireless internet access, but quickly went to an alternative method as it was painfully, mind-numbingly slow to the point of being utterly useless.  Bottom-line, I received no additional value whatsoever for the items being claimed under the resort fee. If you really want to be different, how about breaking from the herd and providing truth in pricing? Just a thought...Finally, spent over $500 at the sports book, only given a voucher for 2 complementary beverages, that's pretty cheap...These issues were emailed to the Palms, with no response. So I'm done with The Palms, beware their bait and switch policies.
4	We had a great 2 night getaway at the palms.  Our room was located in the fantasy tower.  Our room was wonderful, we really liked the comfortable bed, pillows and large jacuzzi tub!  This room was probably one of the best we stayed in, we really appreciated the thick drapes.  With a toddler we never get to sleep in but here we slept like babies!  This resort is on the smaller side and off the strip but we like that.  We always rent a car and valet so it makes it easy to get around.  As part of the famous resort fee they do offer a shuttle to Cesar's in case you don't have a car.  Also included is wifi which worked great.  We didn't eat anywhere in the hotel but they do have a food court as well as high end restaurants.  We also splurged and got massages at the spa at palms place, very nice relaxing experience.  We will definitely return, we are big fans now.
4	we had a great time staying at the palms for a week in the ivory tower. I requested a quiet room, since i read reviews about the noise from the parties at night, although it wasn't the king bed we requested, it was sufficient enough for our needs.  The hotel location was a little far from the strip, but it didn't matter anyway since we had a car rental to get us to places.  My only gripe was that it was dark in the rooms, it would be better if there was another lamp on the desk.  I didnt have too many encounters with the staff, but when i did it was always very pleasant.  We also had dinner at the hotel (Alize, Nine, and 24 seven cafe), which were all great! My husband enjoyed Nine the most.
4	I had never been to the Palms before - but stopped by last night to attend a premier screening at the movie theater.This place is nice. The casino is clean, doesn't reek of smoke and the staff seems really pleasant. I absolutely plan on coming back.
4	the bf and i stayed here over this past weekend for the life is beautiful festival in downtown vegas.  we wanted to be close to the strip but away from the craziness when we wanted to be.  it was perfect.  the valet attendants were quick and great, along with the bell hop we got.  check in was fast but i felt the front desk attendants could have been more personable.  the young lady checking us in was just eh and looked like she wanted her shift to end, asap. we stayed in one of the rooms in the ivory tower.  we contemplated on upgrading the room to a suite but it was quite spacious and had the amenities we were looking for. my only complaint would be that housekeeping took almost two hours to provide additional toiletries.  so not the bizzness when you're trying to shower and can't due to your bf selfishly killing the small bottles of shampoo and conditioner!!  other than that incident all went smoothly.  we also left both of our room keys due to rushing out of the room saturday afternoon to head to dt.  when we arrived back to the room, he called the front desk and a very kind security guard came up to open the door for us.  of course, after checking our ids.  he was such the opposite of most security/bouncers i encounter.  very personable and even thanked us for the change of duty, even if it was just to open our doors. megan from concierge was very helpful getting us a town car to the festival and walked with us to show us the vehicle. such great customer service.the bf made daily trips (three days) to earl of sandwich to satisfy his cravings.  the nearest one near us is in downtown disney so that's been impossible.  he smiled from ear to ear because of this.  we also ate at the 24/7 cafe.  the food is typical for your twenty four hour diner/cafe.  the servers were all very nice and attentive.  we will def stay here again but most likely get an ivory suite room or even stay at palms place and perhaps eat at their steakhouse cause this girl is all about a great steak and turf :) and hopefully be able to check out the bars and clubs as i once went to in my young twenties.
1	I went to the Palms Casino thru Bookit.com.  My stay Oct 18-21 originally and it was for my 40th birthday.  First of all I only gave it 1 star for the actual room it self.  The room was clean, spacious with  a nice view of the strip.  The cons:   After I first initial night they came to clean our room at 6pm  I mean really...  but the second night we call them to come clean and they came right away and the third day we were there and extended our check out time  due to our flight leaving at 11pm that night, they never came at all!  We called them & asked for trash removal, towels & toilet paper & a guy that didn't speak any english or at least acted like he didn't brought towels up and kinda said someone would bring toilet paper he tired to leave but we ran & got the trash out our room & gave it to him to take with him.  Needless to say no one ever came to bring toilet paper or clean we used the kleenex in the bathroom.  At  check in I asked about the 2for1 drink specials that came with book.it.com the girl checking me in said they no longer did that and did not offer to accommodate me in any other way.    She did say we got free admission to the clubs in the hotel & we could  each bring one guest for free, yet she neglected to tell me we had to get there before 12am to get in free.  We later found that out the hard way when we all showed up to get in the club and it was after 12 am.  WHy was this a problem considering it was $15 for girls and $20 for guys and the guest we invited had to take a cab ride there & pay that fee because unlike the bull they put on their WebSITE saying they are just minutes from the strip that is DEFINITELY not TRUE it is fall as hell from the strip & anything you might possibly wanna do in vegas! We had to take a cab ride ever where & the average amount $15 on way!  if you don't take a cab you have to stand in line for like 30 minutes outside to get on their shuttle that  SMELLS LIKE URINE,  and it drops you  off at Ceaser Palace Shoppes and you have to walk like miles through the shopes to get to the actual strip which lets you out of Cesar Palace across from Harrah's.   Just a pain & not close to strip at all.  I mean you can walk to the strips it like a two mile walk and over a busy bridge I mean really who does that no one because I dint see any one doing it the entire  time I was there everyone took cabs or that smelly shuttle. Now we were suppose to get free breakfast with our purchase from bookit.com at check in I ask for the vouchers  the lady said no reason to ask for voucher you can just go and charge my room number.  she never told us what time to go or gave any details other than pointing toward the restaurant saying "its over there".  Breakfast is over every day at 10 am so the first day we got there at 10:15 and they would not let us in to eat.  Second day we go eat we have pay about $15 per person because on Sundays its only a Champagne brunch and you have to pay more in order to even get in and eat even if your not drinking Why?  because they said the voucher was only worth so much in value and the breakfast that day cost more that what the supposed voucher would cover so we had to pay the difference.   OK anyway  I tell them my aunt and a friend is coming to meet us there  but they don't wanna eat can they still come on they say they can come in.  My aunt & my friend just came from breakfast at MGM Grand, & took another cab to my hotel.  My aunt grabs a crab leg off my plate and is eating it the waitress says do you want to get breakfast my aunt says oh no I am sorry we just hear talking & I didn't meant too I just ate.  We apologize and think it's over moments later the restaurant manger, Michelle Palmer, & her kitchen manager come over in the most intimidating way & demand we pay for my aunt since she ate the one crab leg I quickly pull out my credit card and without hesitation paid because the way they came to the  table for 4 ladies was threatening and embarrassing the issue didn't call for all that.  We later ask to speak to the manager and she comes back to the table with a borage of people again.  I never seen such a thing we just wanted to explain to her after we had already paid so it wasn't an issue of the money but that coming to the table the first time with someone else all rude and curt was just unprofessional and unpleasant for us and I was celebrating my birthday she didn't care at all she continued the same nasty attitude.  The manager came over again said we were too loud and the 3rd time we were escorted out by a team of security because they say my friend even though the 24 pack of beer she had was not open she couldn't have it in the restaurant. We had been there for an hour now you tell us this. The manager  could she have just asked us to remove the beer previously. I felted humiliated and targeted!  I have it all on Video and I will be down loading it to youtube! Michelle Palmer & the Plams lack customer service and honoring its promotion
2	This used to be a really cool swanky casino this looks like it's lost it's Flair, Glitz and Glam is gone it shows a lot of wear & lot of fade it's just not what it used to be I'm very disappointed and sad to say I probably will not be returning but again that's just my opinion maybe you still enjoy, I was stick with the Wynn  Resort Casino it's the only five-star stay, And never settle for less.
3	I am a very frequent Vegas visitor, 6-7  weekends a year or more. 10 years ago the Palms was one of the only places I would stay then it began to lose it luster. My visit last week was a last minute planned trip during the very big and busy SEMA cars show week, most of the town was sold out so I gave the Palms a call. I booked two rooms in the recently renovated Ivory Tower that they had been flooding my inbox with promo materials with. Upon arriving I was told that the Ivory tower was sold out even though my reservations said I was booked. The put me in the Fantasy Tower for the first night which at one point 7-8 years ago was the premier tower on the Palms property but now it is a little run down, not dirty or nasty but not as glitzty as it once was, let put it this way, they have a CD player in the room LOL, really? The new rooms in the Ivory tower are very nice but having to pack up and move rooms was enough to leave a bad tast inmy mouth.Even though this was a very busy week/weekend in Vegas the casino was pretty much a ghost town most of the time. I will most likely not return to the Palms unless there are no other options.
4	For a casino that's off the strip, I found this nice and enjoyable. While I have never been here on an overnight stay, I have seen the rooms at the fantasy towers and they are insane! I think the word fantasy is appropriate, considering that you can get decked out rooms with up to 5 showers in a suite, a perfect place to play out your fantasy with your mate with the room's wild decor. I have been here primaily to work special events and conferences and of all places, I like how easily accessible this place is from your parked car to the conference rooms not to mention how easy it is to go home during peak traffic time. Not the best ideal place if you''re a tourist who wants to be close to the action of the Strip. Nonetheless, the free shuttle is a great solution.
4	During my recent trip to Las Vegas I stayed at The Palms and I must say had a very positive experience.Check in went smoothly and my room was absolutely beautiful. Did I have the best view of Las Vegas at night? Not really since we weren't on the strip, but it was a nice view nonetheless. And if you really think about it... how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room when you're in LAS VEGAS?The hotel is split by towers, Fantasy and Ivory. I stayed in the Ivory tower and have no complaints whatsoever. Of course they have a ton of gaming machines on the first floor along with a diner/cafe, buffet, and several other eating establishments towards the opposite end. I would recommend you get the Palms card since you get to enjoy discounts at certain establishments at the Palms and it's free to get.Shuttles run every so often to Caesar's Palace. However, you should try to make the line for that early since the shuttle bus is tiny and fits 12 people, if that. There are also airport shuttles available for $7 and they drop you off at your terminal, regardless of the airline. Want to have a great time in Vegas & not spend a ton of money on hotels? Then the Palms is the place for you!
4	I love this hotel ! Beware that It's not close to the strip, but who cares if you got a rooftop nightclub, lounge, bar, and restaurants all in one place! We checked in around 430pm on a Friday and it was a breeze. Joshua was very helpful and welcoming. We stayed at the Fantasy tower and got a decent view of the strip on the 17th floor. I love how the room is setup... More space and more upscale looking compare to the ones in the strip for the same or even more price.Booked in a Premium 2 queen beed room. It comes with a mini bar, a nice jacuzzi tub, and also a 50inch Smart TV! They also have a tablet ready for you in case you need to do some searching ;)Parking is good and close to the tower we're in.. a lot of fast food and restaurants inside and pretty amount of slot machines if you wanna play. The smoke situation wasn't that bad compare to the rest of the Casinos in Vegas. (good ventilation!!) All in all, this is a decent hotel to stay in! I would like to stay at the Ivory Tower in the future! And also, they charge you $22.50 included tax for resort fee.. but that covers your complimentary WiFi, the Cardio Center, and etc.
3	It was ok. Quite a few fees I didn't expect but the scene was pretty live. Good food, rooms were newly done and trendy looking. Internet connection was spotty at best but will work if you need to shoot off a quick email or 2.
4	We've stayed here several times and I'm remiss to write a review. I can't say enough nice things about this hotel. The Palm's front desk is fast and efficient, and have never been held up there. The hotel lobby is very airy and lots of room, and they do a great job of keeping the smoke out of the casino. The general music filtering through the main casino is at a doable level, so you're not blasted out of there. The Palms has a great food court, with surprisingly good food, like the Chronic Taco's! That was one find! The rooms are very large, the beds super comfy. Lots of windows for a wonderful view of the strip. Good luck figuring out the TV system.  If you get a room with a spa tub, be careful not to conk your knee, like I did, trying to get into it to shower!  Customer service rocks. My WiFi wasn't working on this last trip, and they fixed it promptly. Also, the jets in our luxury tub weren't working, but housekeeping took care of it when I left them a note.  Most of the restaurants are yummy, but wasn't happy with Simon, which is located over by the "second pool," and too far a hike for the less than good service or food.  The 24-7 restaurant is delicious, especially for breakfast, but get the players card for deals. The slots are lose enough for me and they have some really fun ones. Don't forget the Pearl Theatre is there, and we've seen several bands, including Ringo. My husband was given a private tour on request and he enjoyed that so much. The hotel includes a shuttle service to Ceaser's Palace shops, but they only run until 8PM. I suppose they want the concert crowds to support taxis. For me, not having to hike miles for anything, like coffee, is the way to go, and I'm happy hanging and spending my money there. Modern, friendly, good air quality, good security, good valets and customer service. Highly recommend this for both young and old.  If I had to complain about anything--to be objective only, it would be summer time when they open their pools. Very loud--and nothing like back in the day where you can grab a snack and a beer and head to the pool. Now, it's a strip search, pat down, because they want you to buy their food and drinks, and uber super loud music that's anything but relaxing. Even on the 16th floor we could hear the music pounding in our room from around 3:00 PM until 7:00 PM, so if you're near the pools, forget about a quick nap to refresh for more gambling later in the night. Maybe they don't realize people need to get a nap before they spend lots of money, rather than cater to the youth, who probably don't gamble as much as mom and pop do!. But, you can avoid the noise by asking to be in a room far from pool action and their club--Ghost--another loud, loud place that can be heard through walls, and floors!  Their "second pool," supposedly for old duds like us, was just as loud and the water freezing in the summertime--and so far from the casino, that they include people movers to help--it doesn't--it's too far and not worth the trouble.  Pool mania is the new Vegas thing catering to youth, so... if you're young, you'll love it-but if older, and just want to sun bath and snooze, not so much. But can't hold it against them for wanting to be part of the new pool scenes in Vegas.  They don't have enough drink servers on the casino floor. This seems to be a problem whenever we're there. Some of their women servers are strapped into implement of destruction corsets that jack up their boobs to near exposure levels, and some wives might find it uncomfortable when their man's eyeballs get lost in them, but hey, this is Vegas. This hotel seems to hire younger women, unlike some of the fright factory's downtown, slinging cocktails with slanky old jello boobies. Still, I'm not sure why they always consider men's ego needs for tips, rather than women's, who spend a good fortune at those slots But whatever.
5	Great experience in this famous city!  Very attentive staff that was able to give me a complementary upgrade. Very clean and large rooms with an incredible view of the strip. Great food court if you're looking for good food at reasonable prices. $5 blackjack tables during the morning and afternoon. The complimentary shuttle to the strip was helpful. If you're looking for beautiful people and a place to people watch for celebrities, this might be your place.  Definitely a younger crowd!Tip:  Gold Coast Casino is across the street and has 24 hour $5 blackjack tables.  Great Chinese restaurant too.
4	Internet is slow but pool is rocking !  They have one of the most amazing party pools in Vegas.  We went early to the pool and were able to get free passes to the robin thicke show.   The set was only 15 minutes but the party itself was well worth the time.  The room was quite affordable on a weekday and the casino floor was packed with things to do.  I would stay at the palms again especially for the low price we got on a weekday.
4	I remember way back when they had MTV's Real World filmed here. I've always associated that show with STD's and stupid fights. But my my...things have changed and I now have a fresh view of Palms. For some reason, out of all the hotel/casinos on The Strip and around it - Palms feels like a semi-locals spot. They have bars, lounges, clubs, restaurants, cinema and a food court and the other usual hotel casino stuff.I come here for a few good reasons: watch a movie, eat at N9ne, have Amaretto gelato at Chocolat and host parties at the ballroom. By doing so, I land comped rooms. Score! They always treat us well here and I can't complain. The Hotel:I love the room I get. The modern rooms are quiet in the higher floors, bed is nice and comfy, flat-screen TV, view of The Strip and clean bathroom with everything I need. Free wi-fi in the rooms. Front desk agents are pleasant. Bellman was friendly and super helpful. 4/5The Ballroom:They have two ballrooms: Addison and Grand. Addison can hold up to 350 people and Grand can hold about 500. If you're hosting an event/party - you can use the ballroom, have food catered, have bartenders at your service anywhere from $9,000-20,000 depending on the size of your party. The catering/sales manager is easy to work with and the food is good. 5/5The Cinema:The movie theater is pretty clean. Your average movie theater. 3.5/5
3	I never stayed in this hotel, because apparently I don't gamble enough to get comped.  Maybe one day.  However, I do come to the casinos.  Off Strip casinos usually has cheaper table and this place delivers.  Their casino is large and nice.  New slot machines will keep one arm bandits happy.  Dealers are helpful and friendly.  It's clean and still has that new casino feel about it.  I'm never disappointed gambling here, but because it's not on the strip, I rarely come here.  Maybe if they could comp me?
1	Unless you just want to look at a nice view do NOT stay in the Ivory Suite at the Palms. The room is large and pretty, but totally non-functional.1. There are no outlets near the bed. The closest outlet is across the room and not practical for any electronical items. My husband had to wait a out an hour for someone to come and help. Although Jason was very nice he had to find a friend's extesion cord.2.The are no drawers any place in the room. The night stand is a counter only and there is no place to put your wallet, keys etc. The desk is also a counter without drawers.3. Not drawers for clothes. The closet is in the bathroom with open shelves only and sliding closet doors that prevent the stacked hanger rods from oulling out so you can get to your clothes.4. You might think a nice shower would be helpful BUt there is no door in the shower and there are no shelves for soap or shampoo and no hook or door to hang a towel on so you have to put it on the floor, it us freezing because you have to walk into the shower to turn it on, so you are walking through cold water and with no door it is freezing.5. I asked for foam pillows as I am allergic to feathers, just got back to the room ti get ready for bed and they brought more feather pillows but no fiam, ahhhhhhh.When Icalled the front desk the we nit that helpful. Very disappointed.
4	Just got back from a 4 night stay at The Palms.  I must say it was a very nice, clean hotel.  Too bad it isn't on the Strip. However, everything is under ONE roof.We stayed in the Ivory Tower and only have one complaint!  Pillows are only down and not very comfortable.  Good selection of mini bar items, large tv, spacious room.  We did have an issue with our neighbors.  Crying/yelling woke us up at 12:30 a.m.  Called the front desk and they sent security right up to handle it.  The sports/race book is VERY nice, however nobody comes through there asking for drink orders. They should work on that!I went to the gym, and found that it had all of the things/machines I regularly use.The cinema was nice and large, a little loud, though.  Prices were pretty normal $8.50/$10.The buffet was good and there was plenty of CRAB for everyone!  Mimosas at brunch and wine/beer with dinner.  The food court is very nice and has a little bit of everything.  The prices are very reasonable.  I must say the employees I encountered each time could use some personalities.  Not very friendly - no smiles.  They grunted and pointed when I asked for anything.  Weird. Only one store/gift shop in the entire casino, I thought that was odd for its size.The shuttle to the Strip doesn't leave until 11.  That was late for us, so we walked.  It's a good walk, but really cold when the wind picks up!BTW - No comped drinks when you play at the bar. WTH?  The bartender was NOT friendly at all.  I learned my lesson.  I'd rather play at a stand alone machine and tip to get a free drink! :)All in all, it was a good stay at The Palms.  I hope to be back!
1	This entire hotel needs a face lift. The hotel rooms are falling apart and need to be redone.In the room where we had made our reservation, the furniture was torn, room was filthy and smelled like someone had recently been cooking in there. The next room where we were moved was also falling apart. The big granite tiles around the bath tub were extremely loose and falling off, and the speakers wires were sticking out which looked extremely tacky. Everything was outdated and the rooms seemed like they were not well kept.
2	Boring hotel.  Gym closes at 8 pm, shuttle to strip closes at 8 pm, pool closes at 4 pm, nothing to walk to, Is thiis a retirement home?  No free coffee maker in the room!
1	Fuck the Palms. I've been staying at the Palms for the better part of ten years and I've had good experiences. I was a loyal customer for years even though they started to go downhill in quality and cool. Last time I was there, I found menstrual blood on the sheets! If I wanted to sleep in a biohazard I would have just stayed at The Quad. When I told the front desk, they were indifferent and told me they would change the sheets. Wow, does this happen so often that you weren't even fazed by this? Skip this poor excuse for a hotel and stay at an establishment that cares about their customers.
2	Stayed here the weekend before New Years.  The place is very modern.  It's close to the strip.  Room was clean, though I'd not pay $100 a night to stay here again.  Lots of restaurants onsite to try.  Feather pillows are uncomfortable with feathers poking out!  The $20 per night resort fee only includes nearly dial-up wifi speeds, you have to pay extra per day for normal speeds- ridiculous.  Addition: after another night... these feather pillows really suck!  They are not down, I left with a rash!!!!!!  I got a $25 dollar mini bar fee for picking something up and not even using it.
2	Ordinary place to be very honest. They pretend like to be 5 star hotel but rooms are alright no breakfast included in your daily charges coffee is about $14 for in room dining..I would recommend near by Hampton inn or comfort inn because rooms will be similar plus you get good breakfast..oh one more thing they charge $20 per day for resort fees..you should park at east garage that's close to Hotel rooms although no one bothers to tell you that..casino is alright nothing fancy about it
3	The service in the casino has downshifted abit as the years have passed. I used to make it a point to visit the Palms, although off strip, during my visits to Las Vegas. Now it feels as though some of the "Energy" is missing. It's not dramatically far off from where it used to be, but it could be better.
4	I booked on Priceline after requesting a 4-star hotel.My large family arrived the day after Christmas. We had an early flight so I was not looking forward to the 3 p.m. check-in time. However, the front desk staff let us check-in early at 1:00 and even upgraded us to rooms in the Ivory Tower, which was gorgeous! Of course, we tipped them every chance we got.PROS: Beautiful, modern, recently renovated rooms. Pretty good buffet with a good discount if you have a (free) Palms card. Great food court with many choices ranging from cheap to expensive. I recommend the Earl of Sandwich. Attentive front desk staff -- they will take care of almost every problem (but the concierge person is often absent), they will also check-in your flight for you and print out your boarding passes.CONS: Our shower drain was clogged and it took a while for them to fix it, but we weren't comped. Very inconvenient shuttle to the strip--it is way too small (only fits 15 people) and only comes by every half-hour in a ridiculously limited time frame (11 a.m. to 8 p.m.) There were long lines, and if you're not part of the lucky 15 first people, you have to wait at least another half hour. I saw many people in line just give up and take a taxi or walk to the Rio hotel and take their shuttle. They said the $20 resort fee comes with free Internet, but it is very slow unless you pay an extra fee to get faster Internet.In the end, I'm giving them 4-stars because the rooms were excellent for the price we paid.
4	I stayed here with my sister and my friend, we got a suite with a bed and a sofa bed for New Year's 2014.  I think it was a good room for the price of the room, very chic, the furniture was mid century and was very cool, they offered two TVs in the room, we had a kitchen, nice view.  It's a bit far from the strip, but they offer free shuttles to the strip. which is a good thing, but it's only until 8PM, after that you gotta take a cab.  Only downside is the shower, tho very cool looking, there was no shower curtain or glass doors or any type of divider to keep the water spraying or spilling into the rest of the bathroom, which it did, and there was water all over the restroom!!! We had to use all of our towels to dry it up!! BUT after we came back from the strip at night, voila, it was clean again, so kudos for the staff.  Also, the lounge bar at the lobby, "Rojo," has very good bloody marys with a great price od $5!!!! Great for chilling before the lady's get ready, which takes hours, and this place is great to chill before heading out.  The bartender lady was very nice and made our drinks very good (not too soft, but not too strong either, just about right)  Will definitely come back here again!!!
4	I prefer the off-strip younger resorts.  I typically choose to stay at Hard Rock, Rio, or Palms.  They are a bit more hip, not crowded with hover-rounds, and offer kick-ass pools.  The room was updated and nice.  The dealers were friendly, and the on-site food was ok.
4	Oh the Palms. I spent NYE here. The dinner was FABULOUS. Filet mignon, lobster tail, shrimp dumpling appetizer and absolutely incredible desserts. I'm talking extravagant, beautiful chocolates in a chocolate boat. They went all out. And let's not forget the free-flowing champagne and wine. The live band, the celebration...everything at that party was incredible. The Ghost Bar lounge was fun afterwards, too. I gambled in the Sports Book place on my college team and won, so that's always a plus. The employees were friendly, the suite was amazing and clean with a great view. I really enjoyed my stay here. The reason it lost a star is because two of my friends got banned for 6 months. Honestly, the whole thing was hilarious and made for a great story, and we're not mad. Condensed version of the story: Friend #1 threw a plastic cup off the ceiling at Ghost Bar. Not cool, I get it. Friend #2 was twirling his blinky necklace that they gave out at the dinner. It went flying backwards and over the roof. Whoops again. Friend #2 high fives Friend #3. Friend #4 is lecturing Friend #1 about throwing things off the roof. Did I mention everyone's pretty tipsy? Let's not forget that part. Security guards come and grab Friends #3 and 4 (if you've been keeping up, neither of those people actually contributed to the overboard items), took them away, roughed them up a bit and made them sign paperwork that they wouldn't come back for at least 6 months. Hilarious? Abso-freakin-lutely. The only thing that made me mad and caused them to lose a star is because they really didn't need to treat the guys that way. They kept them for about an hour and we were worried about our friends. Lecture them, send them back to their rooms, and go about your business. Not cool, Palms, not cool. You're not loan sharks, no need to beat on drunk people for pretty harmless actions. I mean, I don't know...maybe the plastic cup and blinky necklace did some serious damage to the bush they landed on, but c'mon.
3	I'm huge on customer service, in case you haven't read any of my other reviews, they sucked! We had 5 rooms booked and I was the first to get there and check in and everyone else came over the next 1-2 hours, so why did I have to wait two hours before I got my room and everyone else got there's immediately??? I checked in with the front desk 3 times in that time frame and each time was told we have no rooms available you are next. Finally on my 4th check in I went to a different worker and she said oh we have it available for awhile do you want to check in now. WTF really??? And our free breakfast that came with our package, that I double checked it was free with the front desk, nope it cost $22 on Sundays and that was not told or written anywhere so that sucked. So poor customer service but beautiful room good restaurants and food court.
4	My wife and I stayed here for a quick weekend away.  We booked through Priceline and when we arrived, I asked for a room with a jacuzzi/whirlpool tub.  They advised us that those rooms were in the "older" section, which to me wasn't a big deal.  No fee to upgrade.Nice room.   Had a great view and saw the strip from our room.  It was raining, so we didn't really leave the hotel.  They had a good selection of places to eat that were decent priced.  No coffee in the room, but inexpensive coffee downstairs.  The Palms offers a free shuttle to Caesar's Palace.
3	you get what you pay for, everyone complaining on here has some questionable antics on what they dislike about the Palms. For the money, this is the best bang for your buck... I could book a 3 night stay last minute here for usually $150-200 and get a huge room with a great view. I wouldn't stay here by choice unless I was on a budget. The pool is amazing here and the casino is so-so. Ultimately it isn't the worst hotel but far from the best.
1	Shit hotel with shit employees. Go get a badge douche bags. Security here is a joke. This place is for the mtv croud, not a stoner.
5	I've been to the hardwood suite and it's everything I ever wanted in life lol. $25,000 a night to stay in every basketball players dream room. I'm glad I got to party here twice in my life and hopefully more to come! It has billiards, big screens, basketball court and even team lockers! jacuzzi too in the living area. the casino itself is a party connoisseurs playground. Pick your poison ( fantasy suites ).
4	Free valet parking, off the strip, but not too far off, and clean modern rooms, what more can you ask for?I work in Vegas somewhat regularly and have always poked around a bit to see what the cheapest, but still respectable, place is on the strip on a particular weekend but on my latest trip, I asked myself if I wanted all the bullshit that goes along with being on the strip (traffic, shitty parking, noise) or if I wanted someplace that was actually easy to get into but still sufficiently Vegassy. I made the right choice this time. So yeah, free valet parking, though I really wish they wouldn't give keys to drivers who are obviously shitfaced, no line to check in, comfortable beds and clean rooms that are recently updated and aren't completely worn out. Also there's a Sonic right across the street so you can drink all the cherry limeaid your pancreas can handle.A star off for room service providing me the worst mac and cheese I've ever eaten. Fortunately I expensed it.
4	Come, child.  Come lay your weary body on the soft bed, wash away the filth you accumulated from walking around Las Vegas in the glorious bathroom, and relinquish the money you have to the deceitful blackjack tables.  The Palms Casino will take care of you while you sell your soul in Las Vegas.Located off the Strip, the Palms is a good hotel-- it has the right amount of modern living that'll fit your budget.As we entered our room, we were greeted with the feeling that we never left home.  There was a spacious kitchen to cook our meth...I meant cook and store our food, a colossal bathroom, and an enormous living room that held a couch and a queen size bed.  2 television sets graced the walls, so we were able to watch different pornos!  Also, the couch turned into a futon, which felt decent enough to sleep on.The bathroom was pretty cool.  There was a tub, a shower, a t.v., and a toilet.  It was great watching Friends while taking a shower.  Also, the bathroom is walled in by some type of smoked glass.  So, if you're in the living room you can see the person's silhouette in the bathroom.  While my friends enjoyed talking about politics in the living room, I decided to show them my baked hams by pressing them against the glass.  Ah, it was a sight to see!Can you go wrong with the Palms?  I don't think so.  When thinking about a place to stay in Vegas, consider renting a room at the Palms.  The up-to-date looks of the rooms and resort makes the Palms an inviting hotel for everyone on a budget.
5	Wow I must say I was blown away, figuratively speaking. I was recently there for Philthy Rich's birthday bash. Admirable accommodations, I must say! The high ceilings permit a spacious vibe.
5	I have always been treated like a celebrity when staying at Palms and Palms Place. The staff is incredibly friendly and the accommodations are top notch. The casino area of Palms has lost a bit of it's luster (I swear they just need a Britney or someone huge residency to get the glitz and younger people back here!) but the rooms are amazing. Came for the Britney concert this weekend and the front desk was able to upgrade me to a sky villa at an amazing rate. I've never stayed anywhere so spectacular. I've stayed at MGM skylofts, but the 20 foot pool on the 1000 foot balcony at the sky villa really edges out the skyloft. I can't say enough about how much the sky villa made our weekend. We never wanted to leave. I only wish the waterfall, which apparently is disabled, was still functioning.Shout out to Stephanie at the Palms Place front desk, who always helped me with every need on previous stays, to Jeremy in Guest Services for helping out, big shout out to Carly in the sales office, and most of all, for this last trip, to Shaun (Sean?) for everything on this past trip.  If you want to know just how spectacular it was, check out my video of the trip (yes, I had all of my friends read lines from scraps of paper and assembled this without them knowing what the heck they were doing!)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akXzFdeI6YA
4	The rooms were pretty clean.The service was a bit slow, but the staff were friendly.It is off the strip - 5 minutes (roughly $12) cab ride. It was not that bad.Don't touch the minibar if you don't want to pay for it. The minibar has electronic sensor installed, so any movement means charges on your bill.p.s. we asked multiple time if you could connect a video game system to the TV in the room. The receptionist was not very helpful and she clearly stated that there was no way to connect anything to the TV in the room. After entering our room, it was clear there are both RCA and HDMI connections.
4	Very clean and newly renovated Palms is an affordable choice. Room is filled with thoughtful touches such as iron, hair dryer, mini bar.... Money saving tip: There's Panda express, McDonald, coffee bean and leafs.... In the lobby!
1	Would be 4 stars if it were smoke free casino and hotel. The new tower has great rooms.  Don't bring your newborn here. Short walks through the casino from the hotel towers to the exit are terribly smokey.
3	I have never stayed here, but I have visited the place numerous times.  Nowadays, there is no more Playboy Club.  So right away, that is a minus 1 star.Another negative is the buffet.  It is on the bottom 5 of all the buffets I've tried in Vegas with only Circus Circus being worse.  The price wasn't bad, but everything tasted barely mediocre to very poor and that made this buffet so disappointing.Positives:1. Awesome nightlife at the bars and clubs2.  Pretty good food court (even have a Earl of Sandwich)3.  Nice movie theatre4.  Casino machines and table games have been good to meOverall, 3 stars though.  Just can't quite get over there being no more Playboy club.  They had the best decorated men's room there.  Oh well.
5	Stopped by the 24 Seven Cafe for their player's club prime rib special. With the players club, it's $9, can't beat that. Don't let the price fool you, it's a very good prime rib. Don't forget to get a players club card first.
3	Walked through here a couple of times when I was in Vegas.The nightlife in here was pretty cool. Everything else looked okay, including the food court and slot machines. Should you wish to go off the strip to check out some of the other casino resorts, then this would be an okay place to stop by.
5	Best hotel resort in Las Vegas located off the strip hands down!!  I LOVE the Palms!! The staff was excellent and the whole stay there was beyond fantastic!! The rooms are gorgeous and feature some of the best off strip views in Vegas. The casino floor was always packed and the bookies were always informative for first timers. The Bistro Buffet was also a treat. This place was great too for the price and the food selection was plenty and various! They really have quite an amazing selection. From international to domestic, you can't lose here. They even have a Mongolian station!! Does it get better than that?
3	Great room and view. The room was modern and chic.The bed and pillows were so comfortable, we slept like rocks. Also, for the first time ever in a hotel, did the sheets and bed linens not smell like that typical hotel smell/ cheap detergent smell which was extremely pleasant... Buffets are excellent, cheaply priced compared to other hotels and plenty to choose from. However, I was not happy with the dumb resort fees ($25-30/night) that we were unaware of until we checked in. We already paid $100 bucks to upgrade to a suite but apparently that wasn't enough to pay.  Just be aware of the hidden fees people. Not sure we will return after talking to kristina who was rude and took no accountability and had no apology for her employee at reception who failed to mention the resort and security fees were per night, not a one time fee. Can't stand people like that. Just say sorry for fu*king up and be done with it. Geez! Other than her and the dumb fees, everyone was helpful and friendly.
3	The trip didn't start off so great as their newer spot - Palms Place overbooked and we had to stay in the Ivory Tower.  Where is that? Can I walk? The rep looked at my ID, then me and said something like, well unlike CA, you can walk most places here. I didn't know if I wanted to punch him or not.  I went with not.After reparking and finding our room, we called the front desk as our TV kept shutting off every 60 secs.  A nice Filipino man tried to change our Cox modem, but that didn't help as a code didn't work.  So then he got another box.  That was a fail, so he called his boss on the walky talky and guess what? Our room was supposed to be out of order due to this same issue!  I guess since we checked in at Palms Place they didn't see the room notes.  Well we got a much bigger corner room at a higher floor, so all was OK by me. (Luckily we weren't next to any partiers b/c my boring ass could enjoy the peace and was asleep by midnight which is late for me). The room was spacious, our bathroom was clean and the whole floor was darn quiet.  Though the one thing they can change is their lotion and body wash which smells like men's deodorant. Unpleasant. $25 resort fee is so standard in LV, but the cardio room wasn't too crowded.  I didn't have any problems with the wifi which worked well during the stay, but jesus the interactive TV system was one of the worst I have ever seen.  It prompted, press 7 for more channels and tried to show a large preview of the show that was currently on, but it took too long to load. Best part is convenient parking that leads into the casino, a lack of Forever 21 dressed up crowds and easy access to the 15.
3	This resort is A-OK.  I was there for a convention - the conference rooms are a bit dated.  I got placed in the Palms Place tower, which was a bit of a hike from the main casino.  In it, the rooms were nice (three TVs!) and it had a solid fitness center.  But it was far enough that you wouldn't go into the main entrance and say "hey I gotta run back to my room for a minute" unless you REALLY needed to run back to your room for a minute.I lost the typical $40 on a slot machine in about 5 minutes.  While the casino is not super big, the games were pretty accessible and the waitresses were hot.Classy move - my colleague ordered a drink at the main bar that she didn't care for (too sweet).  To save the day, I asked the bartender to top it off with some bubbly which he kindly did for free and made her super happy (more delicious).  The sports book was a bit dated (seating) and I couldn't get service.  But I was able to watch SU Orange/Notre Dame basketball in blazing LED glory.
3	I didn't stay here, so I can't speak for the hotel, but I did spend time in the casino & restaurants.  I am truly *stunned* that this was the Palms -- I had the idea that this was a pretty chic hotel and I can assure you, it is not.  It felt the most basic, barely a step above the Rio Hotel (maybe the Rio was even nicer??).   I'm giving it 3 stars, because the staff seemed nice enough.If you're thinking it's a hot spot, you're wrong.  Just fyi.
4	Just got back from a two-night stay and must say it's one of the better stays I've had in Vegas. We had originally booked a "Superior" room in the newer Fantasy tower, but got upgraded to the newly renovated "Premier" in the older Ivory tower thanks to us finding out about the "20 dollar sandwich" trick(Have no clue? Google it!). To top things off, we had a corner room that was slightly bigger than other rooms of its type and had an additional window! We had a great view of the strip out one window (might even be better than a view of it from a strip hotel!), and then a view of the Fantasy tower out of the other window(close your windows people, at night we had an "interesting view").It was a pretty slow weekend with some rain, so it didn't seem that crowded at all. The Ivory tower is much smaller than most of the bigger hotels in Vegas, so it was nice to not have to walk an endless hallway, even with a corner room. Everything in general wasn't really that far of a walk. The entire hotel and casino didn't really have that big of a footprint, but it had everything you needed including nightclubs in your hotel towers, a food court with a decent selection, and even a movie theatre.It might not be the partying hotspot it was once known to be, but the Palms is a place that is definitely worth trying at least once. I would definitely come back for it's clean rooms, friendly staff and affordable options.
2	This place wasn't for me - not because it wasn't nice (we got upgraded to a beautiful room), but simply because of the location. I'm in my twenties and was looking to party and be where the action is - and I was really upset because we were so far away from anything fun. I actually wanted to switch hotels but it was too late. We spent a fourtune taxi-ing to center strip, because waiting an hour for a shuttle to take us there never really worked out (especially if you go at nighttime, the shuttles don't run late.) We could have used our taxi money to stay center strip at somewhere equally as nice - and we probably would have got more exercise walking everywhere rather than cabbing (I also love walking.) Also, I didn't like any of the restaurants available - there was low-quality cheap fast food or high-quality super fancy expensive restaurants - nothing in the middle. I wanted great food, plenty of exercise, and to be in the heart of the action - so the palms wasn't for me. However - If you're looking for somewhere nice that you can totally relax or gamble off strip at affordable prices, then this is it. I just wasn't in it to relax (or gamble.)
4	I have lived down the street from the Palms Casino for years it is  a great local spot where you can eat gamble drink stay or even attend night clubs.   If you're going here to gamble they have a wide variety everything from movie games to video poker to keno to everyone's favorite slots they have lots of table games from blackjack to poker they also have cocktail waitresses that visit quite often they have two or three bars that make some exceptional cocktails as well. If you're going here to eat they have the cafe that has 24 hour specials and it has some amazing Chinese food they also have a buffett that gives you complimentary wine or beer with your meal and has a wide variety from American food to Mexican food to Italian food to a carving station that has sometimes prime rib sometimes tri tip sometimes  chicken they also have crab legs and seafood nitght!!  they also have a food court full of everyone's favorites and maybe some you haven't tried but you really need to!!!  For dessert places they have a chocolate bristo. They make homemade chocolate desserts that are some of the best chocolate I've ever had in my whole life they also make hand made gellato that are some of the most intense flavors it's like a orgasm in your mouth.  I can even compliment on how  amazing the stay is!  They have three towers Palms Place which is a completely smoke free tower full of  suites. They have a completely re renovated ivory tower and the fantasy suite tower
1	Horrible customer service. Would not allow a late check out. The cafe service just was horrible. The Palms has gone way down hill. Won't stay there anymore nor should you.
4	For my first trip to Vegas, I booked a hotel through Groupon at Palms Casino Resort thinking that it was directly on The Las Vegas Strip. But unfortunately I found out several days before our trip that it actually was about a mile west of The Strip on W. Flamingo Rd. Now this had me a bit bummed and concerned that this would  take away from my first Vegas experience. But boy my worries were for nothing because this hotel was everything I could want for my first trip. My wife and I checked in Palms Casino Resort not realizing that actually our hotel room was in Palms Place. Palms Casino Resort is quite an expansive resort and actually Palms Place is about a 5 to 8 minute walk from the main part of the hotel. But overall the hotel is absolutely beautiful. The staff were all very helpful and they really do a great job taking care of their guest. Their is a 10 person shuttle that runs to and from The Strip from 11 AM to 8 PM. Also their is a shuttle that will take you to the airport for $8 per person. Even if you cant catch either shuttle, their are taxis constantly available and I must say that a taxi to and from The Strip cost just as much as being right on The Strip. So you don't really spend more money in cab fare being off the strip.The greatest part of my experience at The Palms Casino Resort was the elegant and expansive rooms and the surprisingly delicious food. Our room was located on the 32nd floor of  Palms Place and the first thing you notice is the spectacular view of not only the entire hotel complex but also of the entire Las Vegas Strip. We could see the entire spans of The Strip from our room and at night the view was immaculate. You could literally see from Mandalay Bay, which is on the southern part of the Vegas Strip to The Palazzo on the Northern part of The Strip. On top of that you could see much of Las Vegas from the room. The view alone made this room great. But luckily the wonders of this room didn't stop at the fantastic view. The room itself was pretty amazing. First of all it is large and it had more amenities than my first college apartment. There was a microwave, stove, refrigerator, and even silverware in the room. The room had a very sleek modern style and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The bathroom was huge and it included a walk-in shower and Jacuzzi. Also the shower had a ceiling shower head which even made your showers awesome. So although you may spend most of the time outside of your room getting into some sort of trouble while in Vegas, this room definitely provides quite a comfortable spot to pass out from all the Vegas fun.Lastly and probably most surprising was the quality of the food at the Palms Casino Resort. When we first arrived to the hotel my wife and I were starving and we decided to give the hotel buffet a shot. Plus a friend had strongly recommended that we give this buffet a try. Now I must say that we were starving at the time but nearly everything we had on this buffet was delicious. The ribs and Lechon (Filipino Pork Belly) were a must try and also the Hawaiian Pork ribs were awesome. The Italian food and Chinese food were also pretty decent. But the biggest surprise was the Creamy Tomato Basil Soup. Yes. I will say it again. The Creamy Tomato Basil Soup. Almost every person eating in the buffet had a bowl of this soup and it is probably the best Creamy Tomato Basil Soup that I have ever had. This buffet is definitely not the absolute best in Vegas but it is definitely affordable and delicious. Also there is a 24 hour McDonald's in The Palms and you must have a breakfast taco from Chronic Taco in the food court. Best breakfast taco I have had in a while. Plus the African-American guy working behind the counter is AWESOME! He is a bit intense, especially when your hung over. But he definitely hooks you up on the toppings and makes you feel full of life which is what Vegas is all about. So go and see the Chronic Taco guy. He is HILARIOUS!!!So in conclusion I would absolutely stay at Palms Casino Resort and Palms Place on my next visit to Vegas. This is an awesome and chill hotel that allows you at least for a second to escape the hustle and bustle of the Vegas Strip. And its cheaper than staying on The Strip. All the amenities make you feel right at home and all the staff take good care of you. This is now my official Las Vegas hotel.
1	This place sucks really bad where to star first off I found they were not to nice to black people I make a fair share of money and was told to leave the casino still don't know why they said they caught me cheating really I was just sitting there watching my 70yr old mom play the penny slots then they said I was not cheating I was to drunk to be in there but last time I checked you can't get drunk off water then they just came out and said we don't want your kind here whatever that means so please watch out if you go there they may not want your kind there
5	We absolutely loved the Palms!  We got an upgraded room in the Ivory tower with an amazing view, and loved every minute of it there.  I've stayed just about everywhere up and down the strip, and the Palms (just off the strip) might be my new favorite spot!  Things (rooms, food, etc) are priced much better here than on strip hotels.The slots and table games areas were great, and the drink service was pretty good.  There were times when they could have been more attentive, but overall it was good.  Also, the housekeeping was great.  Our room was spotless every time we walked back into it.  I'll definitely be staying here again.
4	If you have a car, the sneaky side parking structure closest to the strip is clutch. Easy access to the fantasy tower. Room could use an upgrade though.  Staff is solid.  I like staying here for work because its pretty low key mid-week and doesnt smell like a overused underkept ashtray. bonus!The food court is unimpressive, and where tf is the sundries store? Water, toiletries, snacks?  If there is one, i havent located it yet.  Ill keep looking. The buffet is well priced as a guest and youre a regular eater person.   The 24 hr cafe seems a bit random w the tv's and limited menu.  Beds comfy but the in-room lotion smells gross to me. For a desert property, nice moisturizer is a must.
4	I absolutely had the best stay at this hotel. Their beds were perfect and I never wanted to get out of them. They have the best eateries inside the hotel as well. This has been one of the cleanest I have ever seen. Yes it is off the strip but so what? Quality is everything!
4	I like the Palms. It is somewhere between a locals casino and a Strip resort. With three towers, several restaurants, a hand full of night clubs and great concert venue the Palms has a lot to offer. There is also a good food court with some options that most casinos don't have like Chronic Taco. Located just past the food court is Brenden Theaters. For a place off the Strip that has a relatively small casino the Palms is pretty cool.
3	We weren't given the room type we reserved, though our reservations were made weeks in advance. They did give us an "upgraded" room with newer finishes, but with two smaller beds, no coffee pot and no refrigerator to use.  The gym has minimal equipment.  From Vegas and having visited The Palms many times before, this is not the place that I remembered.
4	Vegas is my second home away from home! Always great experiences at the Palms Penthouse the Sky Villa or used to be Hugh Hefner Suite-Playboy Suite with the best private pool and greatest view in Vegas!!! If you can afford the Sky Villa  go for it!!! You only live once, this penthouse is the coolest in Vegas! The casino is just okay and hotel is off the strip. Great place to have a party or go to one! If those walls could talk.....lol...what happens in Vegas does stay in Vegas!!    I do like going to the bathroom looking at Pamela Anderson in her birthday suit! :D The round bed and mirrored ceiling are fun and sexxxy too. Best Private Pool and View in all of Vegas!!!! Thought I'd find Elvis in a closet or somewhere? Viva Las Vegas!!
4	We usually try to make it over to the Palms to gamble while in Vegas. It is an off strip hotel/casino that is fairly low key. I was told that this is a place the locals go. It's pretty nice, not super fancy like the mega casinos on the strip but good enough. I would recommend the casino, as the cocktail waitresses are very attentive and friendly.
2	Rude! Mostly everyone who works here is rude. It seems like they think they are better then everyone. The hotel rooms are nice but the front desk was rude when we checked in and when I called up with a question. There are way too many choices to stay at for them to be giving bad quality service. Over priced. Over rated. Over it.
4	Of most of the resorts I have stayed in Vegas, this place is one of my favorites as i feel like a VIP. If you were a hotel guest most of the time you should get into the clubs there for free (which we did) and get to club/lounge hop. They should  have a separate hotel guest line as well (which was the shortest) or let you cut the line. When checking in, we even each got one free drink pass at the bar for each day we stayed there.This sure made my day already.In terms of rooms: I have stayed here on multiple occasions in the same rooms and it is great! Although there was one time, we got an upgrade (not sure why) and this room was amazing! I will never forget dimming my bathroom lights, opening my automatic blinds overlooking the whole city while lying in the jacuzzi tub filled with bubbles soap I added into it. SO RELAXING! This room was sooo much nicer than the Wynn we stayed at which was much more costly, the room sucks and no passes to the clubs there even as a hotel guest! When my husband and I get bored, there is a movie theater there and its only $5 on Mondays! If your there still on a weekday.Buffet: Not your largest selection but quality of each cultural food choice is pretty genuine. My husband and I call it the mini M buffet (for smaller selection and also less of the cost). If you don't want to eat too much and keep it simple yet still satisfy the taste bud enough, the buffet is a go.
2	Yawner.The staff are helpless and unhelpful. Couldn't answer the most basic of questions about the resort.  They had their hands or for a tip at every turn.  I'm happy to tip and tip will when deserved,  but $20 to help me with luggage is asinine. The help I got from them could have been beret done by a kiosk. The room was decent.  Big deal. I can find that anywhere, this is Vegas... right?Late check in. 4:00. Had to wander around till check in time. I sure wish the Sands was still around.
3	More of a soft 4 star, I stayed at the condo portion of the Palm at $200 a night for the one night of my trip when the Wynn wanted $800 and Vdara was sold out. The room was OK and actually had a balcony that overlooked the Strip and the mountains. It had a kitchenette and a frosted glass walled bathroom with separate tub and shower/jacuzzi. Not terrible.But the wi-fi included in the $25 resort fee is 1 megabyte. One. Megabyte. That's not enough to stream one MP3, let alone browse the web. Otherwise, good price, good room, nice hotel, good people. At least in the condo part.
1	Horrendous customer service! A friend of mine was hit by a car in the valet in front of a bunch of people and the security took the insurance info of the driver and said they would give it to her the next morning as she was being attended to by paramedics and had to go to the hospital. Not only did they LIE and not give her the information as promised, they said she had to get a subpoena for the info! They were beyond awful, she got hit by a car! She in no way wanted any of the Palm's info, just the insurance info as promised from the driver and they WOULD NOT GIVE IT TO HER! Their word is nothing. They are a bunch of bullies with horrible customer service. I have never heard such an awful story of terrible treatment! Everyone I know will NEVER spend another penny at the Palms! We had all been staying there for YEARS! I can't BELIEVE the disgusting business ethics. I heard with my own ears the condescending way she was spoken to by the risk management department! They may not care and think a group of people not spending money there anymore may not matter much, but I guarantee if they treat enough people the way this panned out, they are going to end up with lawsuits galore! AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!
1	We came in on a Thursday night as DJs in a suite.  Pulled in to valet and we were unloading our equipment.  Valet gave us a ticket and bellhop came over and asked if we need help up to a room.  We accepted and gave him a $10 tip for helping us out.  He responded by saying "I charge $20".  We have performed DJ services in almost every casino on the strip and utilized this service and never once did a bellhop say "I charge $20" as they work on tips.  After we are done in the suite the bellhop comes back and WE LOAD our equipment and he (different bellhop) says "I charge $20".  At that point we are beyond livid.  I go down to the front desk and ask to talk to a manager.  The guy behind the counter asks if there is anything he can help me with and I asked again to speak with a manager.  He said he needed to know what it was pertaining to in order to fulfill that request so I told him.  I also let him know that neither bellhop would provide me with a receipt.  He left the counter came back in 3 minutes and explained that it is their policy to charge $20.  I asked him for a receipt and again to talk to a manager.  He was unable to give me a receipt and he would not go back and grab the manager.  At that time another bellhop came over and the man behind the desk told him the situation.  He asked the bellhop to give me a receipt and the bellhop said that they couldn't.  At that point I wanted to go home, it was late.  We left and as we were waiting for valet I decided to try again and ask the bellhop for a receipt.  He said he could write something down on a piece of paper but that was the best they could do.  SERIOUSLY???  If this is a legitimate charge then it would be in your system and you could give me a receipt.  What if I used a credit or debit card?  How would you charge it?  I called the next day to speak to a manager.  Again, I get a girl at the front desk and I had to provide all the information AGAIN before she would let me speak to a manager.  She then puts me on hold and comes back on and said it was infact their policy.  STILL NO MANAGER!!!!!  I direct message the Palms on their facebook asking why I am unable to speak to a manager.  3 days later....THEY HAVEN'T ANSWERED ME, I STILL HAVE NOT SPOKE TO A MANAGER AND WE STILL HAVE NO RECEIPT.  Outcome is simple, we were hustled and the customer service was horrific.  I will never step foot in this place again or spend another dollar there.  No wonder all your clubs are closing and your casino was empty.  Poor customer service from your staff, no acknowledgment from management but your bellhops are $40 richer.
4	I didn't go to any of the clubs or bars, so this review is without any opinion on those other than the decor looked cool as I walked by. Number one negative I want to say straight up: Why in the heck does the pool close at 6? In summer, the sun isn't even down yet by 6! It's hot! I want to relax in the pool of my hotel I am paying to stay in at the end of my day of going out and about. Oh, no, sorry, it's CLOSED. I find the hours of the pool to be ridiculous, considering Vegas is a city that thrives on nightlife.  Also, the wifi is spotty.I give it 4 stars because the remodel is pretty nice. I was surprised at how swanky a room we got for under $100 a night over a weekend (though we did have event special pricing). Even still, I was impressed with the digs. However, the practicality of the bathroom remodel was more cosmetic than functional. I really don't like how the towel bar goes right across the middle of the counter, so you have to lean against it with your thighs to use the mirror. The mirror is already far away because the counter is very deep, like two feet. I had to hyperextend me knees practically in order to get close enough to the mirror to apply make-up (this would not have been much of a problem if the purpose of my trip did not involve getting dolled up every day for Viva Las Vegas). Also, the lighting is more for mood than real use in seeing one's face. And the glass divider for the shower isn't quite long enough to keep water from getting on the floor. The shower is so long there could have been a bench in there! Consider it, Palms decorators.As far as the food, there are a few options that aren't so bad. I learned that the prices are high in Vegas but usually the portions are pretty big to go with it, so I was okay with the $13 nachos we got at the 24 Seven restaurant when I saw they were on a platter. Can we please get more options with vegetables other than boring iceberg salad? I swear, Vegas only has bread and meat and salt everywhere as the basis of every restaurant in an average price range. The room service we got for breakfast one day was very good, and the staff are very accommodating and friendly. I would probably stay here again for next year's Viva because it wasn't an awful experience, but I would also easily be swayed to stay somewhere else if the deal was there.
4	This review is based solely on the casino area. I had never set foot into this casino up until I came for a concert at the Pearl. Amazingly, I managed to miss the big ass sign that said "Pearl Concert Theater" and lost my way. The staff was very nice in leading me towards the theater, and I was expecting the staff supervising the line to be a bunch of power-tripping jerks. On the contrary, they were very nice. After the show, I decided to hit up the machines. There's a decent selection, but alas, the slots were not in a giving mood that night :(You CAN'T argue about their food court though. Any place that has the Earl of Sandwich is fine by me!
4	Had a great time here.  Rooms are comfortable, plenty of space and I did not have any issues with the bed.  Sleep like a rock, maybe because we stayed up till 5 am most days, but I woke up refreshed and ready to do it all over again for several days.The cost was good for the stay and I was fine sharing a bed to keep cost down.  Well worth it and we enjoyed the Casino and the rest of Vegas.  I would stay here again anytime.
1	Booked a room for three nights a month ahead and got charged twice. I was not notified of the duplicate charge for my reservation and second charge posted my account. Seems like they didn't even care and just wanted my money. That's Vegas for you! I called customer service/reservations and "RAUL" was a delight. *cough cough! Their system is flawed and didn't pick up the duplicate charge for the same dates. Update or upgrade your system!!
4	I was shocked by this place and how great it was. The rooms are amazing. The shower is something I still talk about. The casino is small but not crowded either. The price of the room was super reasonable. We ate dinner at an Italian place there and it was great. Only negative is that it is off the strip.  Never seen the pool, but I would recommend this hotel.
5	I have always loved this place.Most beautiful waitresses in the area.The food is excellent.Good music and packed crowd of people.Come back here again.Recommendation of the club on the top floor .
1	This review is based on the lack of venues open inside the palms. The new owners closed everything!!! There is nowhere to go inside the palms except ghost bar. They stopped playing hip-hop and even stopped having people come perform. I'm at the pool right now and they took out the blackjack tables and replaced then with chairs and fooze ball tables ( who the hell plays that) id rather be gambling right about now. I considered the palms to be my second home but after the new owner made all these stupid changes I won't be able to stay here anymore. The palms has been known to cater to a younger hip crowd that wants to hear hip-hop. The new owners have no idea what their doing and trying to the flip the palms into one of the clubs on the strip is a big no no. The palms has a reputation and they should uphold that. This is really sad what this hotel has become.
3	A nice hotel, stayed in the ivory towers, nice and clean and modern. The breakfast buffet is good, but nothing spectacular. If you're looking for a young party vibe, this is the place to be.
2	I don't get the good reviews.  We stayed in one of the "updated" rooms.  I forget the name of the tower.  Anyway...  The bathroom was filthy.  The floor was covered in someone's hair.  There was, what I hope was, shower gel all over the shower drain/floor.  I'm not sure I understand this "updated" decor.  There's nowhere to sit other than the bed.  There is no where to hang (towels etc) anything in the bathroom.  There was no shower door on the shower!  So, while your showering, the water that splashes off your body just lands all over the filthy floor.  There is also no exhaust fan in the bathroom.We ate at the buffet on the casino floor and it was so horrible my boyfriend gave up on the food and just filled up on ice cream from the machine.  I braved the horrible food and ended up in bed and the bathroom for the rest of the night and part of the next day. The video poker isn't that great either.  Only a few 9/6 machines and it's impossible to get a drink off of a cocktail waitress.  It just occurred to me, maybe they don't have them there?? I don't get the per person resort fee either.  You're charged a rate for the room per night, AND a resort fee per person.  If there's a resort fee I feel like it should be per reservation not per person.Next time we go to Las Vegas, we'll stay somewhere else...
5	I spent the weekend at the Palms with some friends and had a fantastic time.  My friend got us two one-bedroom suites from Travelzoo, along with free breakfast vouchers.  I've stayed at many nice hotels, but my room was beyond AMAZING!  My room had a Jacuzzi tub in the bedroom, sub-zero refrigerator, gas fire place, a full kitchen, dish washer, an awesome rain shower, and television in the bathroom.  It also had a full bathroom and a guest bathroom.  I could definitely live there!  The brunch and breakfast buffets at the hotel were pretty good too, with nice selection of international foods and CRAB LEGS (my favorite) - at a much cheaper price than the buffets on the Strip.  Also, when we checked in, the lady at the front desk who checked us in gave us some free passes to the hotel spa, which we used to our full advantage.  It was sooooo peaceful and relaxing there.  Thank you, Palms, for making my weekend wonderful!  I will definitely come back again.  Loved it!
2	I got a promotion in the mail for ridiculously low rates so I had to take them up on the offer. I kind of wish I hadn't. The hotel, or at least my room has seen better days. It was really worn down. Everything was just good enough nothing more nothing less. The towels were a little rough and the bed was a bit lumpy. The casino is actually kind of small and limited, it seems this place lives off more from its nightlife. I don't think I would stay at the Palms again. There are so many other places in Vegas that you can get a whatever experience.
3	Eh, I'm not really a fan.This is the stinkiest place I've stayed in Vegas.  Seriously smells more like cigarettes than other places.  Room was cheap but other prices made you feel like you're on the Strip...but you're not!  You're a $10 cab ride from the Strip.My bed was comfortable and the room was nice.  Staff seemed friendly.   My one big gripe was that I wanted a receipt for my stay so I had to check out in person.  You can check out on the TV in your room but to get a receipt, you have to enter an email address.  Only the TV remote doesn't allow for alphanumeric entry so there's no way to enter one!The lady at the front desk confirmed that (after I had to wait in line 15 min to check out).  Is it 2014 or 1914? Come on, Palms.  Get with it.Also, the free Wi-Fi is worse than old AOL dial up, so be prepared to spend money on top of the required resort fee to have access to actual useable internet.I would not stay here again.  But I'm probably not the target audience so I recommend you check it out for yourself.
5	Best place I have stayed in Vegas so far. Great staff- they upgraded us to a Penthouse villa for free. It was gorgeous inside! Smelled great, looked great, went beyond what we expected- not to mention had a fantastic view! They also had great maid service and restaurants inside. I loved the food court and theater. They made our experience in Vegas that much better!
4	I stayed here for business for 2 nights.I was upgraded to a very nice suite without cost to me by hotel staff.Everyone was very friendly.My only complaint is that it is very hard to get around with paying for an outrageous taxi!Food was good, room very clean, not many choices for gambling.I don't think I would stay there again.
1	Expected more.  Checking in the "manager" never even looked me in the eye.  Head down typing away.  So unfriendly.  I was wanting to upgrade our room but he was so busy I din't want to ask him.  Pfft   The lobby was a carnival of drunk punks and wanna be gangsters.  The staff here looked bored and unengaged.  My wife and I love to gamble.  We usually go to a regular place and when we are treated well, we go four or five times a year.  We wont be going back to the palms.  Its a nice place but not our cup of tea.  The dealers were nice.
2	Got discount rate online for palmplace. Wish i'd have stayed elsewhere. Ice maker didn't work took 2.5 hrs, 3 phone calls & a trip to front desk for ice since there's no ice machines. Minibar is weighted so don't touch anything! Room was worn out & dirty, there was hair in bathtub had to borrow cleaner from maid & plug didn't work to tub. Glass on patio & patio floor was filthy!! Ipod dock didn't work had to use cord! All clubs were closed down except Ghostbar which was really boring!! You can only stare at strip lights for so long. Won't stay here again. Pools close at 5pm!! & were closed for a wedding one day we were there.
3	My first impression entering the hotel was that the multiple staff members didn't care enough to open the door for hotel guests with baggage because they were too busy socializing... The guy who checked us in seemed friendly enough... The lobby REEKS of stale and fresh cigarette smoke. Our room in the Ivory Tower looks updated, but I find the eyes staring at you to be kind of creepy. The toiletries look good, but don't smell good. (NOTE TO MANAGEMENT: try something in a citrus or lavender... Not so manly) I liked the food court and movie theater since I don't gamble, there's a really good Chinese place in the casino across the street!
2	I think I finally have The Palms figured out! It actually is just like Vegas itself. Everything's a Gamble. Last visit we hit the Jackpot (see previous 4 Star review). This visit we Crapped Out!Things started out well enough. I got a great email offer for an early booking in October 2013. I knew I wanted to visit Vegas in April of 2014, so it worked out perfectly. I got the best deal and was even assured that we could have the same room we had last visit or at least one like it. When we got there, the price had increased and we were given a different room in a different tower. The room we were given was nowhere near as nice as our last one and more importantly was not setup as well for a wheelchair user. It was accessible by law, but still had several flaws that made it difficult for me to use and would have made it impossible if I was alone (a different shower setup and one of those annoying Pillow top beds that is like 7 feet off the ground) . I went back down to the front desk and explained the situation and the clerk just said there was nothing she could do. no apology...no nothing. I would have pressed the issue further if I was alone, but since I was with Diane I just decided to make it work and start enjoying our vacation.My biggest issue with The Palms is a lack of consistency. For every visit I've had where the Staff has bent over backwards to make sure my visit was enjoyable, I've had one where they have treated me very poorly. I visit Vegas to gamble at the tables, not with my Room. I'll still visit N9ne, The Lounge, Scarlet, Simon and the Casino, but I can't see staying at The Palms again. The odds just aren't good enough.
1	I have never seen trashier clientele.  Reeks of cigarette smoke and staff is bored. No bellmen to open the door. Many tables and even slots sit empty.  I have stayed at several different hotels in Vegas and this is the worst.  Inconvenient and frankly just a party place for kids in their early twenties. Room was ok, nothing special.  There is a reason it's less expensive.  I would never stay here again.
3	This was the first time I stayed at a hotel so far away from the strip as that's where I usually go when I'm in Vegas. This was for a work event and the check in and out process was very quick. The rooms were nice and some of the suites were amazing. There is a nice aurora to each room as I was able to check out the standard King size 1 Bedroom, 2 Bedroom, the Bungalows by the pool as well as the Real World Suite. All are amazing and can't go wrong with any of the rooms they have to offer.The Casino could be a little bigger as they have limited table games, but the dealers were all very friendly and entertaining. This may be a little biased as they helped me win the money that Rio took from the night before lol.I was also able to try their Surf and Turf from their restaurant on the top floor called The View and as you can imagine The View was amazing. Had a great time overall.
5	Cool place to hang out whether local working folks or international high roller this place treats everyone right
4	I'm in love with my suite!!!! The bath tub is to die for :)
3	Room was great and the French Restaurant Fantastic so I am giving it 3 stars. Also, Ghost Bar was very nice!  Rooftop Bar/Club with great DJ! However...  I try to go to the pool and they say I can't wear my long kaki shorts.  I am wearing underwear and they say it has to have a net.  OMG.  Really?  I guess I was dressed too well.  Then, I sit down and watch the people they let in. Ghetto city.  If you are an African American Dred-head, Thug or Jock you might fit in.  If you have something to hold up your pants properly, you probably will not fit in. DJ was pretty good but was catering to the Gangsta Thug Element.  The casino was very nice, clean and classy.  But...At the craps table I did not feel safe.  Gold teeth, grills, tattoos and dreds.  Aggressive and negative.  No happy dice here.  At some point, I realized how uncomfortable it was so went to an awesome craps table game.  "push the button...".  Better but still some thugs commenting on my bets and making me feel uncomfortable.
1	Worst place to ever stay at! My friend booked this place for my bday! I wish I would have done the planning myself! Don't stay here! Worst service and overpriced!
3	I paid the Palms a visit only once a few years back, mainly just to see what all the hubbub was about.Everything seemed really nice and modern, almost over the top in some areas.  Not really my style.  I remember hitting a $300 jackpot on one of the Playboy dollar slots, but that was about it.  Comps and points in the players club seemed really hard to accumulate, and drink service wasn't very rapid.  I can't seem to recall if the casino was only one level or had others, but I remember walking around the perimeter of it took a really long time.OK to check out if you're a first time visitor to Vegas, or maybe if you're staying at the Gold Coast or Rio, but not so thrilling for a repeat visit.
1	I stayed here over EDC weekend and had a horrible, I mean HORRIBLE experience. First, I was checked in and given keys to what was supposed to be my room, ended up walking in to someone's else's luggage in "my" room. How very unprofessional for a hotel to give out two sets of keys to two different people. I went and got new room keys to a different room only to have someone else try to get into my room with their set of keys that they had been given when they checked in. It seems they double booked this room as well. This is a horrible security issue and needs to be fixed. I have never felt so unsafe in a hotel, scared that my belongings would be stolen. Next, I tried to go down to the pool only to find out I have to pay $30 for my boyfriend and I to get in. What kind of hotel charges their guests go get in to the pool? Especially with the prices of their hotel rooms already. Last but not least, I purchased some chicken nuggets at the mc Donald's in the palms food court and they were all dry and burned. As someone who always orders chicken nuggets, I know they are not supposed to be brown and burned and disgusting. I took them to the woman at the cash register who happened to be the manager and she told the cook that they were burned. I literally watched the cook take three chicken nuggets off the top and place three new freshly burned and disgusting new ones on top. I took them back again and was yelled at by the manager in front of the whole line telling me to stop complaining and that they were not burned. I guess I will never ever be staying here again. It's not even on the strip anyways, I'm sure there is better deals closer.
2	While the room is clean myself and my family were constantly asked to produce proof of our residency while 'other' patrons were not. And when I called the front desk to complain I was told that I was not telling the truth and placed on hold, After about 10 mins on hold I just hung up. I will not recommend this hotel to any of my family, friends or business acquaintences.
5	I love this place. I've stayed here over ten times and have never had any complaints. Plus if you play $100 at palms w a players card logged in they HOOK YOU Up with free rooms. The most recent stay for July 4th weekend I booked a studio suite w my players card discounted rates and it was 49.00 a night, but at check in the lovely lady hooked me up for free w a one bedroom suite! Omg I love when I'm in this room. I've always had to pay the extra 100-200 a night if I want it. So I was beyond happy  thank you Joan!
4	First time staying here. Love the rooms. Very roomy and comfortable! Big enough you don't really need to upgrade! I like this casino because it is quieter. You don't have to walk through the masses every time you get somewhere. Service has been really great.But the smell in the casino is strange! It smells like a combination of bad perfume and smoke! It is quite gross actually. You get used to it until you walk out and come back again.They have a shuttle from 11-8pm daily that takes you to the Cesar Shops!Would stay here again.
4	Pretty nice room corner view to see strip. Great price nice bed included was mini bar. Beer could be a dollar less but hey you pay for service. Love seat and chair included. Nice shower and sink. Overall nice room better then MGM. Nice casino layout. Easy to navigate and get out. Will repeat in future.
4	A few visits back I found a great deal on a room here.  While it's a little bit of a walk to the Strip, there is a shuttle you can take to one of their sister properties which is a big help.  We didn't spend much time at the hotel itself (gambling or at any restaurants) and the view was kind of whatever but it was quiet, the room was large & comfortable, the bed was comfortable, & it had a great bathroom.
3	I was originally booked for a Palms Place room, but got moved to a Fantasy tower suite with 30$ food coupon, because they overbooked the hotel a night before the independence day weekend.The suite was nice and pretty big, two rooms, two TVs, tablet device, big bathroom with Jacuzzi and view on southern end of the strip. I didn't like that the spa areas are not included. The pool is rather small and the gym is just a room with a few cardio machines. Resort fee is 28.
1	Wow!! Very disappointed in the customer service at palms casino. James Simons treated me like a number. My partner in business has 2 condos in the palms place and I still had no respect. They booked me and my business partner in a one bed place. When I asked for a refund they rejected me and later locked me out of our room to get our bags back. I could miss my flight due to all of this. I have 45 min to get to my flight thanks to palms. Spend your money else where
5	Another great experience - started off rough (thank you Southwest Airlines), however, the customer experience at this hotel was fantastic with accommodating our needs.  Led by Jeremy Brooks (believe he is a manager), they were able to resolve our issues to ensure our weekend went great. What we appreciated most is he went over and beyond, listened to our concerns and addressed them with professionalism.Great job Palms!-Maurice
4	$59 bucks a night with a free breakfast buffet when mentioning the Travel Zoo promotion? Yes please. (Well plus the daily resort fee that all these places have but still a deal!) So 4 stars for the place as it is because of course there are fancier and schmancier places on the strip. Ok so it's not on the strip and it doesn't have some iconic show playing in it's theater but the recent renovations make this an excellent place for a nice but affordable vegas trip. A cab to the strip is literally like 5ish mins (depending on traffic) and there's a free shuttle from the resort to Caesar's. But do know that it only runs from 11am-8pm. Goes about every half hour. Service was awesome! My flight arrived in the morning and the rest of the fam was getting there in the late afternoon. I explained my story and they let me check in at 1030am with no early checkin fee! The rooms have been recently redone and are complete with huge comfy beds and modern colorful decor. The big eyes on the wall are a bit much though lol it's like they are watching you sleep! I think some yelpers have posted pictures.Buffet is so-so but cheaper than most. Tues/Saturdays are seafood nights I think. People go nuts over the crab legs so go early for better pickings. If you want a great, but pricey, Vegas buffet experience, shuttle over to Caesar's Bachannal Buffet. So so good. The pool is huge and is perfect for lounging, not too crowded. The place is more family oriented so there's a few kiddos running around but it was still very relaxing. You also have access to the palms place pool (an adult only) via the sky tunnel. It is a more relaxed setting for a more calm and quiet lounging experience. Pool side drinks are ridiculously expensive but it's vegas so that's expected. POOL TIP: Buy your booze from the little burger joint that has a patio extending to the pool area. It's cheaper and you can bring the drinks pool side.
1	First, let me say that others may not have the same experience as I did.  I can see how the Palms could be great place to stay.  Unfortunately, I was not as lucky.The good - the base level room is really quite nice and the bathroom is gorgeous.  There is a movie theater on premises and lots of food options.   The bad - Things were amiss the moment I tried to check in.  *On my reservation confirmation there was a price listed - price of the room plus taxes.  Simple, right?  No.  The booking amount did not include the mandatory 25.00 "resort fee" that is a complete rip off and is one of the most expensive in Vegas (they range from 10-25 from what I've seen).  They say it gets you "complimentary" internet (1mb speed - you can pay extra though for faster internet, HAH!), "complimentary" access to the gym, etc.  Complimentary?  You don't call something complimentary unless it is included in a price or is a free upgrade.  Charging someone a fee and then saying something included in that fee is complimentary is complete b.s.  Second, there are 50.00 a night damage deposits they require which are not indicated on the reservation form.  I did not break anything, but I was a bit pissed having my card initially authorized for 200.00 extra than the room rate (not to mention an extra 100.00 in resort fees above and beyond the reservation rate that was listed when I reserved the room and on my confirmation).  Deposits are returned upon checkout, but still, the need to preauthorize the card for them was not disclosed to me when I made the reservation.  Give me one total price before I give you my credit card for a reservation next time, and I won't be so pissed.  *When I checked out, I forgot my ipad charger and cord.  I got home and tore my suitcase apart.  I remember charging this morning before I left, so I had it this morning at the hotel, and did not have it this afternoon when I got home.  I called security, and the lady was very nice, but she said that nothing had been turned in.  She even sent someone up to check, and well, what do you know, nothing is in the room.  I won't say that housekeeping stole it - I don't have conclusive proof of that.  I will say, however, that it is not in my suitcase or backpack, and that I had it in my room this morning.  Assume what you will from that.  I had the do not disturb light on my entire stay.  I'm glad that I didn't let the room get cleaned while all my belongings were in there.  It is technically a possibility that security didn't see it when they looked after I had checked out, or that, somehow, it fell out of my zipped suitcase as I was walking from the hotel to the parking garage. I absolutely will not be staying at the Palms again.  It's a shame, because the facilities are very nice and well kept.
5	It was amazing the best.
5	We just had an awesome weekend at The Palms!!! We had booked a great deal way back in April and when we arrived, Matthew at the check in desk, spent at least 25 minutes getting us a suite we could afford, instead of 2 rooms. It was so AMAZING for the four of us girls to stay together.... It made the trip! Matthew was super friendly, helpful, and professional. When I told him I'd write a nice YELP review about him he asked me to add "GO RAYS!!!" ....so I am! BTW, the pool was great and Ghostbar was FUN!!
4	I have stayed at Palms several times now. This is definitely one of my top places to stay in Vegas for a few reasons... First, the casino resort is very well taken care of. It is clean and modern looking with great prices to stay. If you are a gambler, you will get comped here plenty!The rooms are very modernly decorated, which I love. I love playing craps and they have several tables there. The customer service is tip-top. I've never had an issue with check-in or check-out. As a matter of fact, I usually get offered comped buffets (very yummy) and comped pool/club party entrances. My last stay, I was with 4 of my best friends, we were comped all of our buffets and pool/club entrances. They removed any extra charges we had on our room. Ditch Friday is their signature pool party. I always, always have a great time there. They play a variety of music, which makes it even better. Two huge pools and really nice bungalows makes your partying  extra fun with tons of sexy people. The drinks are pricey, but of course us ladies rarely pay. hehe.. So, I obviously love the place, but it is missing that last star because, of course, it is off the strip, so a little inconvenient if you want to venture out. It's great that they have a free shuttle that takes you to Caesar's Palace, but after 8pm it stops running. You end up paying cabs. However, I find myself getting cabs even if I'm staying on the strip. Who the heck wants to walk around in 5inch heels!? Also, in my most recent visit, I was pretty pissed they didn't clean our room or bring us new sheets/towels either!
4	Great casino caters to players!  We spent some time here before/after concert (Kenny Wayne Shephard) in the awesome Pearl Theatre.  So, overnight stay review is in THE FUTURE.Mighty impressed with the guest amenities - a full movie theatre, a real food court with brand-name fast food joints.Most impressive, the casino with 9/6 Jacks or Better on Video Poker, 'real' 3/2 blackjack (not the ridiculous 6/5 crap being dispensed on several strip properties), good ol' craps, and did i mention 9/6 JoB?  That tells me right there that the casino is willing to spread a fair game.  My wife & I got our players cards in a jiffy and had a good time.Looking forward to coming back to stay and really wring out the casino (lol), and slink off to the movies with a bucket of popcorn when it doesn turn out that way.
1	Stayed here twice in 3 months. First time, awoke to no hot water. This last time, when wanting to go out to pool area, the pat-down of my purse was so offensive!! Apparently, there's a lot of drug activity there because they asked if my mint container had drugs in it. Another "drug" related incident was the confiscation of eye drops in the nightclub, because apparently there's drug usage there too. Seems to be a lot of drug use going on there???Got stuck in an elevator, rang emergency bell many times, no response. The lights and a/c were not working, luckily my iPhone has a flashlight!! Very frightening experience! When brought to the attention of the front desk, no one knew anything about it. They had us fill out an incident report. To date no one from management has contacted me regarding this experience!
1	The suite that I thought was booked, was not available upon check in so I was given a mediocre room. I had planned on staying at the palms for my entire vacation. Unfortunately this was a terrible experience. Long story short, cancelled my 2nd night and booked the rest of my 4day vacation at the vdara who welcomed me with 5star service and very clean spacious rooms. I am bringing some of my friends back to Vegas next month and we have already booked 6 suites at vdara.
2	What happened Palms?  I stayed here with friend a few years ago and it was the place to be!  I even ran into a pretty famous rapper and former child actor in the casino (it's a small casino so easy to find people).  Two years ago it was still a cool hotel to be at with.  That kind of fancy clientele is no more.  I was really surprised about how far downhill the hotel has gone.The good:The room is gorgeous and comfortable!  I really liked the decor and style - but the eyes on the wall were kinda creepy.  The bed is great and comfy - you don't want to get out!  The food court is also awesome - Earl of Sandwich and Chronic Taco are amaze.  Ghostbar has a gorgeous view and we got in free, thank god, because i wouldn't pay to go there!The bad:The clubs are closed and so are some of the great restaurants.  What happened?? At other hotels if you want to relax at the pool, it's not hard to get a chair, here it was impossible because all the chairs were gone.  The resort fee ($28/night) is a joke - I wouldn't voluntary pay for wifi bc my phone has internet. We booked a king non smoking and were given two queens.  They were reluctant to upgrade us.  It's off strip so expect to spend some money on cabs ($15 in high traffic, $10 in normal traffic).Overall, unless they are able to attract good clients and more exciting activities in the future, I won't stay here again and cannot recommend it to anyone.  Not surprised that the Maloofs no longer own it.
3	Our first room that we were in was spacious and modern, a pretty neat view of the pool but the floor was soaking wet that a murder scene could of happened and not know it. The Tv also didn't work so we decided to call front desk..they switch us to a floor below with a much smaller space and reeked of cigarettes ! i think the most disturbing thing of our experience was that the day of our check out, as we were packing a bigger man opened our door, trying to come in..assuming he was just checking into our room. That could of been a very terrible situation as they could of seen us naked or worse if the guy was a creep! They did comp us the resort fee but it was pretty traumatizing!
1	Where do I start?  They closed poker to focus on stealing from their guests.  They have charged our credit card now for over 4000 total and for "damages" to the room. We did break one lamp but they took it upon themselves to go shopping with our card and remodel their piece of u know what rooms.  It's so ran down that I'd rather a motel six.  That's why they closed down poker and the rain.  This place should be demolished.  After two days of calling and promised returned calls, not one person can explain why my card is getting nailed.  Lowsy staff also.  Only one person in that place is awesome.  Her name is Stacy and she is actually a room service manager.  If you ever read this Stacy, get the hell out if that hell hole and go somewhere classy because you have class.  Everyone else just keep working at the palms and u can go down with it
5	4.5 stars. Palms hotel is one of the best off the strip hotels, it doesn't take you 15 minutes to get across the lobby like the Rio, so it's a good size. Friendly, helpful, laid back staff. Fun vibes. Young crowd with a mix of some elders haha but mostly young. Good prices. Pros: shuttle to Cesaer's Palace is free, but stops at 8pm. Lots of good places to eat in the hotel. Gym is basic, and quiet and overlooks the main pool. Opens at 7am. Main pool is a fun place, opens at 9am. Casino is on the smaller side. Places to eat: N9ne Steakhouse- beautiful staff, upscale, young crowd, great food. Simon-on the 6th floor, next to Palm's Place pool. Good menu for both breakfast and dinner, fun location, friendly staff, but slow service, more relaxing atmosphere.The rooms are nice, you'll most likely have a great view of the strip, or if not then the mountains, which are beautiful. The only cons would be that the hotel is a bit older (built 2008 I think), and if your anal about cleanliness it's not quite up to par but by no means dirty(like the Luxor ew). Overall, for your money it's worth it and it has an overall great atmosphere!
1	The last time I was there, the casino was filled with immature kids being loud and pushy. It's simply not a classy or pleasant casino, at all.  I get a West Coast bratty atmosphere that seemed like the crowd lacks life experience and is childish (they're trying too hard to be with the in-crowd).  The waitress seemed to dislike her job. The front desk staff are unapproachable and should you ask them "where can I buy cigarettes?" They give you the short pause and look at you as if you're bothering them, and then reluctantly tell you, "you can get them over there" (not being very helpful).  And last, but not least - Hotel Security. They come across as bullies - not there to help you, but to pounce on you if something occurs.  Overall, it's a hostile place best left to the kids that have JUST TURNED 21!
1	Where do I begin?Last year we stayed at palms place and it was magical. This trip was the complete opposite.1.the room i paid for was not available even though i called the day before letting them know i was arriving late. The front desk tried to upgrade me to their ivory tower but the reason i wanted the room was for the amazing bath tub. Instead i got a two queen bed and was told i could change rooms the next day.ok fine no problem.2.what they failed to mention is that there was a party three rooms down. If you know there is a party please give your other guests the option of a different room before you put them*that room.tell them there is a party.be honest. I heard guests screaming,yelling all hours of the night and i was not here to party.my best friend graduated from the police academy and i had to be up early to see her graduation ceremony.3. I called I  to management and spoke with James. He said he'd be happy to move me then go palms place but i was in Pjs and was too tired to deal with the track over there. (2 back surgeries will do that to you) he said he'd pit in notes and had a room on hold for me so i could move that next morning.4.called the next morning and was told there was nothing in notes and no room on hold for me. I had to explain everything to another manager who then agreed to move me like James promised.5. The new room was great or so i thought.6.the one thing i really wanted was a stupid bath. It was the whole reason i picked that original room and was then moved to the palms place. Guess what didn't work??? The bath!!!! The drain stopper was broken and while i had planned on taking a bath figured I'd call in to get if fixed after a shower.7.while finishing getting ready i pulled back the sheets i slept in the night before.....only to find dirty stains all on the corner which leads me to believe i slept in someone's dirty nasty unwashed sheets with body fluids on them.At that point i was done. (Also should note, phones didn't work, no plates or utensils in kitchenette and the room looked like it was the spare they used when too full.just not taken care of.)I decided to call living social who booked my hotel. I planned on leaving early and getting a different hotel since I'd just slept in someone else's filth. Living social was wonderful and called the hotel to try and get this resolved. The hotel and manager Chris Glen flat out refused any sort of solution to fixing any of this and my unhappiness. Living social apologized and have me 200.00 living social bucks. I packed my stuff and my car and tried to speak too the front desk manager. (Viktoria) i explained the full situation and asked for a refund for the nights i was leaving early.age said she could not do that but did refund my hotel resort fee and minibar item i purchased. She also said she had to speak to Chris since he put in notes and she was not able to over ride any of his decisions.She said she would call me though once she was able to get this resolved.I've not been called and was supposed to hear from her later last night.I was so impressed with their rooms and service last year but i will never stay at the palms or palms place again.I've booked the cosmopolitan for the last two nights I'm here and am so happy with their service and rooms.Any errors and mistypes are due to my phone.thanks!
4	I have too much fun here. Location is great for avoiding strip traffic and the food court is really convenient. Service at the restaurants is also good and ya gotta love the pool. Staff also is friendly.
1	I'm a local and I always stay here, why I'm not too sure. Probably because I really like the pool and spa and the rooms are off the strip. But everytime I come there seems to be a problem with checking in and the deposit that's left. 9/10 times when I come I upgrade my room. For some odd reason, it's a different amount everytime. 1st it was $50, then $100 then jumped to $200. Also, the last time I was here I was checked into a dirty room. The "hotel manager" had the nerve to leave me outside to call someone for 15 minutes !!! Then came back to tell me he thinks I did it. Of course if was infuriated! I went to the room saw it was sorry, called them to tell them, waited in line again for 10 min and was bit with this. Palms has really gone down the drain. It's a great hotel I just wish the customer service was better and more consistent
5	They just deserve a 5 star.
4	Venue: Palms Casino ResortDecor:  Casino Like Service:  Pretty good Environment:  For the Younger Vegas in You, youthful, fun crowd Food: Food Court, multiple restaurants Prices: Pretty good in relation to the competition Debbie Downers:  You pay for what you get....lot of people didn't seem to pleased with the CS Conclusion:  I like it. I'm a fan.  It just feels it is more for the twenty something crowd and that's fine.  There is something for everyone.  Clean inside, nice gaming areas, sportsbook area was nice.  Decent entertainment  area.  Rooftop, pool.  it really is a fun place to visit or even stay if you don't mind being off the strip.  If you choose to leave the car, you can request the shuttle to Caesar's Palace. Overall: B+
2	Even though I've already written a review about this place via their in-house review, I'll draft one here as well.Initially, I had a host that helped me with my hotel booking via email.  Everything went well up until the last week before my trip for Labor Day get-away.  My last two emails with vital requests on my reservation go return for some reason.  This cause a 2-3 day delay which forced me to contact the front desk directly.  Some confusion was drummed up on both the Palms side and my side in terms of planning.  I ended up requesting a second room just to meet my traveling needs.  I also did not like how the host stated that I will have passes to the day clubs but failed to inform me on the hours that I had to be there prior to the cutoff time.  Same goes with the nightlife activities.  He stated that all I have to do is show them my room key.  The bouncer laughed and told me to get a VIP host to walk me in.  So I continued on this pointless journey and the front desk clerk did what they are paid to do.  Look into my records and of course I'm not a big player at the tables enough for them to have someone address my frustration.  No biggie.  Not getting into Ghostbar and going through the hassle that I've experience really turned me off of the idea in general.  Palms lost me on this account.  If I could award zero stars, I would really be tempted to do so.In the hotel, one of the outlets does not operate.  Minor.  Blowdryer did not work.  They sent a new one up.  Found a chip bag on the top shelf in the closet... This was a upgraded suite!  Even normal rooms should be held with certain standards of cleanliness.However, in light of the bad experience that I've been through, there were also good ones.  Drift Spa was simply amazing!  The staff was courteous and friendly.  We were a little late but they made our time their worthwhile.  My 3 friends loved the amenities within the spa and raved so much about it.  For that, I suppose the one star is warranted.  I also like to mention an individual that helped me out during check in, Preston Harger (VIP/Front Desk).  He helped me despite the closing hours of VIP services.  He spelled everything out and left no rocks unturned.  If I ever, I mean ever, decided to stay here in the future, I would request Mr. Harger to assist me with the process. For exceptional service by Mr. Harger, a second star was earned.Overall, my experience here was nothing short of disappointment.  A year ago, a gaming supervisor exceeded my expectations and convinced me to start a rewards program with them.  Normally, I would turn it down but his demeanor and professionalism was truly amazing.  Now, I have doubts and second thoughts about this establishment.  Base on the standards I have for known establishments, the Palms Casino is awarded 2 stars.  You can always make a place look nice, but the staff and customer experience truly defines you from the rest.
4	I hate that Palms is not on the strip! The rooms are so modern and sleek, but a little narrow. Very sexy! Very clean. It did seem like it took awhile to get to the room. We had to take a couple elevators and a moving walkway to get there. Probably not good for drunken nights. I could totally see people getting lost!! Good selection in their food court. I would consider staying here again if the price was right, but I prefer the strip.
5	One of the best hotels. Why does it seem like the ones off the strip are the ones that offer great service? We checked in late after 8 hours of grueling labor to set up our booth at the convention center.  All I wanted to do was check in fast and get some rest before tackling on the next day of labor. Check in was fast and very friendly.  The room was amazing (corner view) with amazing view of the strip.  Opening the windows in the morning was beautiful.  The room was big, the bed comfy,  the bathroom was a blessing! It's a Jacuzzi tub.  1st night took a hot bath to sooth my tired muscles.  The shower was great to bad the settings didn't work. Only one did.  The was a sitting area and a table with 2 chairs.  Flat screen TV was great. I wish they had an iPod docking station but the radio clock they had was Ok it does connect to your phone.  The shampoo,  soap, and conditioner smelled amazing.  I left a tip and a note the next day for housekeeping because they left conditioner instead of lotion.  When I came back to the room not only was there lotion but double everything!  There was a special surprise for me., cake pops and champagne courtesy of room sales!  Courtney is amazing and blocking rooms for groups.  I will consider staying here again for business or pleasure.  I love it!  The air conditioner was Ok not the best but kept the room cool enough.  P.s. a couple of tips. #1 leave a tip for housekeeping.  A dollar or two goes a long way.  #2 if you can ask for a corner room,  they seem to bigger and definitely more better than the other rooms.
1	Pulp Fiction- they should change the name of the hotel to pulp fiction because I felt like I was in the movie. I have been at this hotel several times and it has done hill tremendously.  I was patted down at every entrance and my purse was rummaged through and personal items taken out and questioned. I felt very violated. We even had to get out of the car and walk into the hotel to get a valet to come to the car. There were 10 of them standing around doing nothing. After dealing with other guest next door up partying all night and doing drugs and swearing up a storm, I know why the security was so tough. The walls are so thin I could hear everything next door. I felt very unsafe and I was worried we were going to get shot in our sleep. We left the hotel the next morning at 6 am and checked into another hotel. We were in an newly remodeled room with big eyes on the wall and pink and turquoise decorations. It was not appealing at all. I am not sure who they are trying to get there but it would be a young crowd who are ok with the ghetto atmosphere. I would never go there again. Do not go!!!
3	I stayed at this hotel on a business trip. The room was about $60 a night, which is pretty cheap. The hotel reeks of smoke - from the elevators to the casinos and front lobby. This is a problem endemic to Vegas, but it's especially acute here. Inconveniences: Palms's location off the strip; the pool is about from about 9-6, and gym hours are restrictive as well. Overall, this isn't a luxury resort, but for the price, it's a decent place to rest your head for a night - if you can get over the ever-present smokey smell.
1	Deanna Brooks booked the king pin penthouse for me a couple months ago.  She gave me horrible service. She was rude and short.  She tried pressuring me to sign a contract.  OMG thank god I read .. She tried to turn a pizza and bowling party into a catered event at $200 a person.  I was told over 6 times that I am not allowed to bring alcohol.  Yet as I was checking into roomMan next to us had case of Budweiser at $7 plus top tax and service a beer was close to $10.  Thank god I found them in gift shop for $5.  First 3 hours in king pin bowling suite alleys were broken.  The front desk and cashiers were not friendly.  I will never go back.   Worst nightmare of a hotel ., I could go on forever but won't.
4	Could have been a five star but due to a customer service error it's a four. Pro: Room was so cool and sleek! What you see in the picture is exactly what you get. Loved it! It's easy to get in and out. Within the resort, everything is close so you don't have to eat or work out or take a swim. The Ghost bar was fantastic (except the second hand smoke) and fun!  The buffet was yummy and more affordable than what you get at the strip. There is free printing in case you need to print your boarding pass. There is a shuttle every 30 minutes to go to the strip but you can take the 202 bus every 15 minutes and its right in front of the resort. Beds were very clean and comfortable. Down pillows are the best! Warning: There is a resort fee of $28 (including tax) EACH night and this normally shocks people, so add this to your total bill. All activities are for adults  (21+) so I don't recommend anyone under 21. CONS: You can only use one device for their free wi-fi. We booked a "premium" (basic/cheaper room) because of the jacuzzi in the fantasy tower but since they were booked and we got "upgraded" to a Superior Room in the Ivory tower. I don't know how that was an upgrade. The room was nice but wanted the Jacuzzi and we never got a call back from customer service to apologize or something to make up for their error. Oh! And if you are in the Ivory Tower and they say you have a view of the strip, it's not. Those windows only face north and south and the strip is east. Just saying.
4	I think this place had the best room for the price. It was definitely worth $20 extra for the first upgrade. They're still less expensive than standard rooms at many other hotels in the area.The gaming looked the same as any other Casino.There wasn't much of a young crowd, this hotel attracted more of a middle aged population. That being said, I'm here on business and don't party, so it's possible the clubs here had different demographics than the game floor.I give a 4 star rating exclusively on the hotel stay.
3	This hotel is a little off the strip so it may not be for everyone. It seems quiet enough, which I appreciate because I'm such a light sleeper. There's a shuttle that departs every half hour to The Strip from 11 am - 8 pm daily. I ended up with a king bed in the Fantasy Tower on the 35th floor (very top floor) so that's probably why I didn't hear anything. The pillows here stink and the bed isn't the most comfortable, but for the price, you really can't complain. I thought it was my beau at first, but it was the pillows! Haha. I asked housekeeping for two more and go figure, only one didn't stink...Over it. I think it might be time for them to replace them though because that grosses me out! There's a small food court with a decent selection for your cravings like McDonald's, Chronic Tacos, Earl of Sandwich (open 24/7!), etc. You also have the option of ordering room service if you'd like to stay in instead. There's a good selection to choose from for gambling. It seems like a pretty mellow place, even on the weekends. Oh yeah, the tv sucks. I was stuck inside for the most part during my trip and relied heavily on the tv for entertainment. The voices kept cutting in and out and the channels would freeze when you watch. Yikes!
2	Place use to be awesome but its going downhill fast. Best part of palms was Little Buddha, Rain, Moon, Playboy club which is all gone now.  Example of how poor mgmt can mess up something really good.
2	The Palms is alright, I guess. I've stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas including Planet Hollywood and Treasure Island. In terms of being modern and recently renovated, Palms doesn't seem to be able to hold its own compared to its competition.My friends and I stayed in the residences at Palms Place. I was disappointed by the cleanliness of the room. There were weird gooey puddles in the freezer, the floor in the kitchen area was sticky when we arrived and there were several places where there was either visible chipped paint or broken furniture around the suite.Our suite, which included a stove top and fridge, had no pots and pans, cups, silverware or cutlery. Total bummer since we brought food with us and didn't expect we should have brought our entire kitchen too.Also, no free wi-fi... What?? It's 2014! Get with the program, Palms. We had trouble changing the television channels and turning the tv on in general. I'm assuming there's some kind of connectivity issue that could be fixed with a technology upgrade.All in all, for the price it seems you could stay somewhere else and get all the bells and whistles of Vegas. Don't waste your money here.
4	Perfect local ish friendly casino right off the strip. Brendan Theater - can never go wrong with a movie theater located inside a casino. Makes it very convenient to enjoy a movie and eat right after.From buffet to a bunch of different varieties of restaurants there is just so many to choose from. You can never go wrong. If you don't want to sit in and eat for something quick they also have a food court.Cocktail servers are great here. It's not a huge casino so it's pretty easy to wave one down. They tend to come back to check on you too so that's a plus.
1	The new owners have raised the price of the buffet taking away what was once one of the best deals in Las Vegas.They now require 1,000 points to get a players club discount which they did not do before so they have effectively raised the price. Goodbye Palm Buffet.
4	The Palms is always my go to whenever I want to go to Vegas to relax, sit by the pool and enjoy what the city has to offer. Its usually a bargain  and there is lots to do on the property itself as well as a shuttle to the strip.The rooms are clean, large and comfortable with spa bathtubs and pillowtop beds. Its usually pretty quiet, not too too crowded and the staff is friendly and helpful. The casino is nice, plenty of gaming tables and entertaining dealers who are always more than willing to teach you a new game. I've learned how to play almost all my table games from the dealers at The Palms! Its always a good time if your not looking to party too hard. So, if you don't mind the parking lot crowded with locals here to see bargain movies, and droves of senior citizens everywhere you look, The Palms may be the place for you :)
4	We loved the room, the bed was very comfortable, we won a LOT in the casino. Very nice cafe 24/7 and coffee shop for a quick bite right near the elevators.One star short because we had to wait over an hour after check in time for our room and when we checked out the Bellmen wouldn't answer the phones for over 20 minutes, we finally had to go down and bring him up to the room to get our luggage. This hotel is expensive and they charge an additional $25 a day resort fee, service should be better.
4	Stayed for three nights and enjoyed it all. This is an off strip location but most of vegas is about cabs anyway. Nice remodeled room was very clean and comfortable. There is something to be said about smaller resorts. Hotel staff very friendly and took our large group all onto the same floor. Thank you. Our room custodian was the nicest ever. The infamous swimming pool was fun and so accessible to be staying in the hotel. The Ghost Bar is roof top dancing and there r lines to get in. Which means something's right. Play the mechanical craps machine- it worked for us! Can't wait to get back!
1	WORST customer service. Even complained over the phone and ended up hanging up on the guy because his attitude was "if you don't like it then don't stay here" and this as i was still staying there! I was so put off. I come to Vegas at least 3x a year. I refused to use my players card. And when making my reservations I asked twice about resort fees which was to be waived. Checking in was a nightmare and the girl said she would reverse my resort fees as if that was doing me a favor! They were already waived when I made my reservations two months ago! And after getting to my room, chambermaisa were vacuuming at 11:30 PM... NEVER again. I have family who play and stay here and already told them dont bother anymore. The Rio has yet to disappoint so i will continue to stay there. I was just trying to switch it up. Ugh.
3	Man.  Used to be the place to go in Vegas.  It's for blue hair locals now.  Clubs are mostly closed. Pool events are a shade of what they used to be.  This place used to have great concerts.  They are looking for a older crowd.  Its sad.  It could still be fun for all.   The rooms are new and nice and Simon restaurant is about the best eattery along with 9 steak house.
2	Very low quality room off the strip. If your looking to stay at a party hotel with people passed out in the hall  ways and benches out front this is your place. We stayed at the place and it was terrible and the room was half way cleaned checking in.
1	Aweful place and even worse place to see a concert.  Save your cash and go elsewhere. Rude and dying on the vine. Over priced and fascist management.  We will never be back. Thanks for running the last night in Vegas...jerk store!!!!!!
1	I'm writing about the sport book area. There's absolutely no form of Smoking in the betting or watching  area. Even Vapor Pens are not allowed since as stated, "They can't tell the difference and have to verify if it's not from a cigar or cigarette" My question is, "Ain't your job to make everyone feel welcome and not worry about having to verify if something or someone is breaking your touchy policy's?"If you plan to CHILL and RELAX, I don't recommend such nonsense PALM Casino with rules in a Las Vegas Casino simply because of laziness and lack of knowledge to an item!! There is NO BARTENDING in the betting area... This place needs to get a new policy for the world is listening!!I will bring my enjoyment and betting somewhere else.
1	The Gaming Manager David on the 4:30 AM shift is extremely impolite.  I was shocked about this given I was a regular there.  This is place is sort of a fallen from grace hotel/casino that used to be the hot spot before the City Center project was opened.  However, now it maintains one decent restaurant Nine and the remaining scene is that of a mix between oblivious families who don't realize they are standing next to a hooker soliciting the father and Real World rejects from Ohio.  It remains a quiet place but with a seedy element, including the staff.
4	Stayed here for a few nights after attending EDC 2014. Was only planning to stay one night but our car was stolen. I actually enjoyed staying here. The bed was amazing. It wasn't expensive at all and the room was nicely decorated. I especially liked this large frame of a beautiful eye. The view outside was also very enjoyable. The staff was nice and caring about our situation. We asked for late checkout twice and they let us stay long enough to wait for our ride. I would definitely stay here again.
5	We stayed at the Palms several times!! We loved!! Next time we definitely come back!! I loved the buffet, room and pool party!
5	KeKe at reservations was awesome!!! I called to check on reservations and she had the most enthusiastic voice and was extremely helpful!! Thank you KeKe!!!
5	Great time Halloween 2014! Boo!Saw Erasure at the Pearl Theater insane show!This is a great hotel been coming here for years the suite are always great, the hotel is nice and the clubs at this location are great! Really enjoy the concert theater located here at the hotel called the Pearl, I really find Vegas kinda old these days but I keep coming back for The Palms Casino,great hotel and amenities all at one location in the dessert pit that is Vegas.
2	Terrible customer service. Hotel over booked and told me I had to go to another hotel after I declined a room upgrade for a couple hundred more for one night. I explained we had bought five rooms and making me go elsewhere was unacceptable. I suggested they give me the upgrade they tried to sell me. I was advised the upgrade was much more and they refused to accommodate me. They. checked in the other members of our party earlier but told me to go down town. I am sitting in that room now and it is nowhere near acceptable. Palms could care less and I witnessed others being treated the same way. Palms employee lied to Manger about the original quote for upgrade even though 2 of us were standing right there. Manager acted as though we lied. They should both be fired. Stay away !!!
4	This was our first time staying here, and we chose to stay here for Halloween and the evening after because we attended the Erasure concert at the Pearl Concert Theater they have here on site.  Great venue by the way, we were on the main floor with GA tickets, and the view was great! Very clean venue with great staff.The hotel has a lot to offer as far as activities and gambling, but without the crazy hustle and bustle of staying on the strip.  We stayed in a Superior room in the newly renovated Ivory tower, and we were happy we did! The room was clean and decorated very nicely, and had everything we could want in a room.  The hallways, elevators, front lobby, everywhere was clean and didn't feel "dirty" or trashy at all. We've stayed in Vegas a number of times and even though hotels were "newly renovated" they still felt like dumps..but not the Palms! The reception desk staff was more than helpful about explaining where things were in the hotel, and explained the events for the weekend at ghostbar, which is the hotel's popular dayclub/nightclub. We received coupons with our room keys for drinks that were 2 for 1, and discounts to some of the restaurants on site, which helps financially. We do want to mention, however, that Halloween night we had a bit of an issue at the social bar with a brand new cocktail waitress who didn't exactly adhere to hotel policies, but we spoke with Susan who is the Food and Beverage Manager and she resolved everything for us with no issue. She was more than helpful and understanding, and wanted to do whatever she could to make it right so we didn't have a sour taste in our mouths on our first visit.We visited ghost bar's GBDC on Saturday, since hotel guests got in for free.  They were having their costume contest which was quite entertaining. The club itself was nice, it had a nice crowd but not too overwhelming.  The DJ played a great mix of music and everyone seemed to just be having a good time and relaxing - no awkward trouble or drama like some of the other bigger clubs on the strip. Nice atmosphere inside, they have tables and couches for those who reserve bottle service. We would definitely stay here again, we had a great time and felt very relaxed.  We weren't bored staying in the hotel at all and the staff made the whole experience very pleasant.  Compared to other hotels off and on the strip, we think you get the best bang for your buck here.
4	Off the strip as you probably know already. BUT, Early check in at 11am for free! $5 minimum black jack tables.  Nice rooms and comfy beds. Would come back for sure.
4	I enjoy The Palms. Even when the Maloof brothers doesn't own it anymore. I've always experienced a good time here- whether I'm here to party or racking up points from the free play I'm issued every month.A lot would say it's gone downhill since The Real World days which drew a lot of attention from being publicized on national television but the energy's still there for me. Sure, the crowd is different and the demographic for the casino has changed but I think people need to look past that to see what it can truly offer.Brendan Theaters is old, yes; but their IMAX and 3D movie options are wide, along with their late-night showings just for being inside a casino that's close to The Strip. The food court is decent considering they now added an Earl of Sandwich and their layout on the casino floor is easily navigable from slots and table games to the restaurants and clubs. Ditch Fridays are also fun too. Never experienced a dull time there or at any club in this casino. I do miss the Rain days though. That's something they should revamp and bring back for old Vegas' sake. I'm glad The Palms is still standing and alive despite many changes. It really still is a casino for the locals (and tourists of course).
4	Great place to gamble! I've had luck here pretty often. They have a lot of the newest slot machines available. The food court has a nice selection if you want to eat cheap (try the pizza place,I highly recommend it). The movie theater here is also nice. The rooms here range from ok to awesome. If you want something very nice I'd suggest upgrading from the base room.
2	Booked well in advance for the LIB festival, asking all of my qualifying questions up-front, inclusive of, "How many beds does this room have?" and "Does the couch pull out?" The answer to the latter was "Yes" with no mention of a limit on occupants. Arrived to find that the couch indeed does not pull out, and therefore my cohorts would need to book a separate room on day-of pricing - no discount of any sort. Fortunately, they had friends in town that they were able to stay with some 35min off the strip. Aside from this mishap, the hotel was okay, with all the usual amenities you expect from a mid-range Vegas hotel. No surprises or thrills beyond that. This was my first stay here, and I had the impression that the hotel was a shadow of its former self. Bang for the buck is key here, unless you factor the exorbitant price you are surprised with on day of check-in for a spare room.
3	Beds are comfortable, hotel staff is OK, food here is sub par, except for their fancy steakhouse. The Casino hosts are ok, the casino is ok, the sports betting area is ok, they used to be THE place to go in Vegas, but since that has changed- so have they. Less customer focused... I have been here 9 or 10 times to stay, but might try something else out next time, as I feel they are drifting from my standards of hospitality.
2	Scored a pretty sweet deal and got a "premium" for $50. Granted, it was a random Tuesday evening when I stayed at the Palms, but still, king size bed, decent views, wi-fi included...now that's a pretty good deal.It was maintained well, keeping with the modern decor. It's not like the Tropicana with the old 70's style carpet with actual 70's carpet.I wasn't impressed with the casino. From behind the scenes, it looks like the busy workers were keeping the slot machines all nice and maintained by cording off sections while they were working on it.But in reality, it was just a way for them to manipulate the machines to their favor. How do I know this? I was playing some slot machines nearby and overheard one of the floor managers telling the maintenance folks who was working on some of the machines, "Hey, I noticed a lot of winners on those machines." And the maintenance guy replies back, "Yah, we're here to fix that!!"Although I enjoyed my room with all the amenities, I probably wouldn't come back to play in their casino.
1	Just awful. From overpriced food to cold water shower im done. This was supposed to be me and my spouces honeymoon! We just had a dreadful time. I dont like to complain but this really was over the top. All i can think is Palms Las Vegas is going thru a tough time. I have gotten better service and amenities from a Motel 6. If you live in Las Vegas AND want a amazing staycation. Stay at Bellagio or Wynn. Im extremely heart broken. The cold water was the last straw.
3	The hotel is in a good location, and the public spaces are great - beautiful lobby and trendy rooftop bar. No complaints about check-in or out, but housekeeping staff was pushy. I had to repeatedly ask them to go away as I had decided to work from my room one morning, despite the do not disturb sign I'd hung. The rooms are very small and old. There's no bureau or any drawer space, the room and bathroom are cramped. Room seemed clean, although the bathroom was a little moldy. Plumbing is pretty weak and there was no tub, only a small shower.
4	Me & my wire stay here often, the beds are the best, food is good, staff is always great. Also the tubs are jetted.....
4	Old school Las Vegas hotel that has been restored to its original grandeur. Entrance and reception area have been fabulously restored. Guest room was clean, comfortable, well appointed, and quiet. All common areas are immaculately maintained. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Palms Casino Resort is convenient to times square and other central manhattan tourist attractions. Is very reasonably priced for the area.
5	I do not like the freaking Las Vegas Blvd aka The Strip. I do love off of the main properties such as Palm. I really do. Great smelling lobby, nice restaurants, nice rooms, fantastic staff, awesome night with my wife, and I win here. Win, win and win some more. Prices are good. When I think about my experience, I am left with only one thing to ponder: What more can you possibly want?
3	The Palms... It's a place for the faux hip to party with trendy Hollywood types.  If you're in your 20s this is the place for you in Las Vegas.The restaurants are delicious.  The sushi is AMAZING.  The buffet is sub par.  The pool is smaller than some of the Strip resorts, but the eye candy at the pool is quite stunning.All in all its a good place to experience but Aria and Cosmopolitan have stolen some thunder from The Palms.
5	This was a comfortable room when i did sleep in it.   No problems with check- in.  The refrigerator display was very tempting but not that tempting based on those prices.  This room had a few bright colors which is very tasteful.  Television was nice and view ok
2	Not as nice as I hoped. Tight slots, rude service.
4	We stayed at the Palms in Las Vegas. We had a terrible check in experience and it took almost 30 minuted plus to get the room. So I am taking a star off. We were in the Director's Suite - if you are in the Adult Entertainment industry or in Vegas for a bachelors party this is the place to stay. The suite was huge - a well sized living room with a velvet couch, a kitchenette, a huge bedroom, 3 bathrooms, 2 showers - with one of them being a steam shower and another shower had a stripper pole and controlled colored lighting. There was also a jacuzzi in the bathroom. In addition, the suite came with 7 flat screen televisions. The rooms are getting a little dated, since the Palms was built in the early 2000s. It is slightly off the strip, but still a cool place to stay in Vegas. I am divided between 3 or 4 stars. Please see the pictures.
4	We got a great deal on a sweet suite we booked on a Friday for the following Monday.  It was $79 but I think it's normally over twice that amount.This casino is very Vegas.  It's not technically on "the strip" but it's not too far off.It's got a great selection of slots and table games.  It might be my favorite floor layout (along with the Cosmo) because its just a long narrow floor with easy to walk pathways through the slots so you won't get lost.We did a "staycation" for my birthday.  Hit up the N9NE steakhouse then watched a flick at Brenden Theater and then hit up the slots and Blackjack.The Hotel room we stayed in was the "Salon Suite", it had a jacuzzi and a TV in every room.  It was very big and had a fully stocked mini bar.  It was a great deal.
1	I've stayed at MGM, The Hard Rock and at Palms and if you are going to stay off the strip, stay at the Hard Rock. Boy was the Palms hotel a mistake! Shuttle sucks, customer service at the front desk sucks. THE PALMS CASINO RESORT operates like it is bankrupt. THE PALMS DOESN'T DESERVE TO BE LOCATED IN LAS VEGAS. THE PALMS IS WORSE THAN THE STRATOSPHERE.     Twenty Four Seven restaurant in the hotel is the worst food and service ever. All they do is seat people and then you all wait 20 minutes for a glass of water. They under-staff their servers and the manager has hired a bubbly customer service lady who basically is there to smooth things over when the customer has finally had enough. When I asked the manager if he was a manager (big white guy in a suit), he pretty passively said, "one of them..." Um, good, because I ONLY need ONE. When I began to tell him how long I'd been waiting, the bubbly lady runs over to intercept. Of course that is when I notice my waiter has finally arrived. Steak and eggs were 16.50 and rare. Canolly was bitter and sour. I actually went to the Mc Donalds inside the hotel instead. I have a meme that says, I came to Vegas and ate mall food. I looked at the food in the buffet and everything looked like cafeteria food.      I'm completely disgusted with the Palms Casino and Resort, and it almost ruined Vegas for me.
5	i stayed in one of the suites and i can only say good things about my stay! housekeeping was amazing and attentive! concierge actually picked up the phone. i did have a little problem with the valet attendant though, he was extremely rude but i was living in luxury that weekend for me to really let it get to me.
3	But the hotel motel rather but compensated with a luscious breakfast by American standards. This is indeed built carelessly in the lobby, but you can eat here's fill. The rooms are, as always, American standard. The hotel has its best days behind it. Nevertheless, it has a pool and therefore some charm. You can visit the city and relax a little here a few days. However, the noise from Sunset Boulevard is hardly bearable depending on the room. Therefore look that you get a room at the back also has. There is much quieter.
5	This hotel is not good at alll DO NOT STAY HERE. we came to check in at around 12pm and they said we cant check in until 3pm til all the rooms were clean! we had to wait for 2 hrs. in that little lobby with all the rude employees that did not understand that we had to an appointment at 12:30! I was sooooo upset that they made us wait they never told us that we had to wait when we made reservations over ther phone. Then they charged us more that what they told us it was going to be over the phone. never ever stay here i promise you Melissa
3	I think there's still a lot that needs to be improved. However, they have a fair price compared to the surrounding hotels.
4	Sheraton hotel at Las Vegas downtown is really good, I like it, yes bathroom style looks good but hotel is clean, the staff are so fern salty and helpfully, the wifi connection inside the room is not strong therefore hotel offered me free wifi travel hotspotThanks to them
4	Big fan of the new rooms, they look great.  My questions is:  if check out is at 11:00, and I have a do not disturb sign on the door, why would house keeping start knocking on my door at 9:45?  A little irritating yet comical at the same time.  Other than that good stay.While checking out the front desk tell me the only charge on my room is a long distance call that was made while I was waiting in line to check out.  Luckily, I waited to check out otherwise I would have paid for the maid to call home for the holiday.
4	Me and the beau booked a room at the Palms for a night on a Thursday which was pretty decently priced and relatively close to the strip. Our room was newly renovated-ish, but you could tell they didn't necessarily buy the highest quality furniture as some of it seemed a little shaky. The bed was cozy and large and overall the room itself was very clean. The staff checked us in fairly quickly and was as nice as any of the other mid-tier strip hotels. The Casino of course isn't as large as one of the bigger hotels, but it suited our needs just fine. We were able to sip on 'complimentary' vodka soda's and play a couple of slots and sat for a couple hands of black jack as well. The food court area was small but had enough options to keep us fed for breakfast which was the only time we ate in the hotel. If I wanted to stay off the strip again and had my own car for transportation, I'd probably choose the Palms just because it's a more modern yet budget friendly option in Vegas.
4	Who doesn't like this resort...stayed in a suite and the views of LV were amazing...staff was professional and the pools were awesome
4	Friday all you can eat seafood at their buffet with unlimited drinks--.. don't miss out
5	We stayed at the Palms Place the day after New Years.  Beautiful room with an amazing view from our window.  Super chic room.  Comfortable with all the modern amenities.  I love the fact that it's away from the strip and a bit quieter.  The casino is clean smelling and not smokey.  The food in Simon's was delicious and not overpriced as some of the strip restaurants.   Check in girl, Miriah was an absolute doll.  We will definitely return to the Palms.
2	This was my first time at The Palms Hotel.  Stayed for work.  It's very dated, very far away from everything.   Checked into room to find a 27" television, very dark room with one hall light and a desk lamp.  Brown carpet, walls and curtains.  Nothing in this room or hotel screams high end or luxury.  When asked if they could change my tv from a computer monitor to a real flat screen, they said no.  They said since they are in the process of the upgrading the monitors my floor hasn't been upgraded yet. I left my room at 9am and when i returned at 430, it still had not been cleaned.  When I called housecleaning they said they are 24 hours so they will get to it within 24 hours.  REALLY???  The customer service is horrible and not helpful.  The restaurants are none that I've ever heard of, which equals BAD FOOD.  The furniture is in really bad shape almost falling apart.  Don't bother with booking The Palms, it is not the Vegas experience you want
1	Worst service possible. Found empty beers in room and when complained to the front desk I was asked if I knew how they got here. Front desk was rude and implied that I drank beers and left themIn the room. I get its vegas and people get crazy, but I didn't I was sober and found cans in my room and the front desk could care less. I don't recommend staying here because I don't think they clean their rooms.
1	Poor customer service.  Checked in at 11 pm, room wasn't even ready.
3	I stayed in the fantasy tower.  The room was updated, but really it was just average.  I visited in the winter but the room was stil stuffy, and the AC simply wouldn't kick on... the fan blew but the air wasn't cool.  The bed was comfortable but the heavy down was suffocating due to the lack of AC.  The casino itself is fine.  It's not too big like some of the on-strip resorts.  It's easy to do your own thing but be able to find others in your group if you wanted to check in.  I was able to get onto the tables without a problem... and am happy to report that I left with plenty of the casino's money.Due to it's location, if you get a chance, head to one of the upstairs bars or suites (if you can) for an outstanding view of the city.
