2	When you are going to be spending the week at the Las Vegas Convention Center, why not stay on Convention Center Drive?While it is close to the Las Convention Center, It is also walking distance from the strip. So if you have work to do or a serious gambling problem, the Clarion can be a decent and inexpensive hotel option. My room was long and had enough square footage to fit 3 to 4 beds. So if you and your buddies want to visit the Vegas on the cheap, you can fit 6 to 8 people here comfortably. It can be a party pad. Also, it is conveniently located near a few restaurants, Walgreens, and Ross just in case you get hungry, need Bumble & Bumble hair product, or forgot your belt at home. So why the two star rating?Well, every single time I walked into this lobby it smelled like an ashtray. I don't smoke and the slight smell of it bothers me. Fortunately, I can usually handle it in Vegas since they try their best to filter the carcinogenic air. But the Clarion smelled awful. Upon first entering, it made me expect the front desk clerk to hold a robotic sounding voice box up to hole in his throat and ask, "Good. Morning. How. Can. I. Help. You. Sir?"I am also forced to lower the rating because the Clarion does not offer complimentary conditioner. Are you freaking kidding me? Are you aware of who I am?  Do you not what the humidity and desert air does to my hair? For whatever reason, all they offer is complimentary shampoo, soap, and hand lotion. I can definitely do without the hand lotion. Who uses it? Seriously, if they gave me an option, I'd choose to the conditioner over the hand lotion. Believe it or not, on business trips, I spend more time working and lathering conditioner on to my head than working and lathering lotion on to my...And with that potentially disturbing mental image, I will end this review.
3	My experience at the Clarion wasn't perfect, but I do feel a little bit loyal because their Groupon was the main reason I managed to convince my friends to come to Vegas.Not too long ago, they featured rooms with a king size bed for $20 per night, probably to drum up business after the rebranding from the original Greek Isles styling. You can easily fit 4 or more people in each room, thanks to the ample floor space. You do the math -- it's harder to complain when your share of the hotel room is less than your Starbucks drink.Pros:-Cheap rooms-Friendly service at the front desk (they still have that Mom & Pop shop feel)-Video blackjack in the tiny casino-Near the Las Vegas Convention Center monorail stop-Near the Wynn / Encore for a taxi standCons:-Smoky-smelling lobby-Feels a little removed from the tourist lifeIf you don't have a good deal for your group at a bigger hotel, or you're traveling alone, I'd definitely recommend considering this place. Just don't expect all the frills that come with staying directly on the Strip.
3	This is a review for the Star Theatre in the Clarion Hotel.  The showroom was once used by Debbie Reynolds when she owned the casino .  SInce that time, there have been a number of ownership changes, but the theatre has remained. Who would guess this gem of a venue would be at the opposite end of the property from the front desk?  Tonight I went to see Russell Thompkins Jr. and the New Stylistics.  The show was great, and this theatre is a wonderful place for a small show like this - a 10 piece band and 3 singers.There are a number of shows in the Clarion that rotate use of the theatre.  There's also a second, smaller theatre, that I believe was once a meeting room.The property has a very small casino - about 30 machines (?) and it's a bit run down, but then, I don't go there for the slots.
2	meh. its cheap- but so are other hotels on the strip. the room was okay sized. the bed was super uncomfortable and the hotel lobby only ever had 1 person at a time so asking for something simple like a parking permit for your car takes 20 minutes. The casino is the size of a mini kids arcade and the bar is about the same. also, there was no bath mat provided! what the hell- isnt that a basic hotel essential. overall, it was cheap- but i wouldnt return.
3	Was the Debbie Reynolds and others prior to becoming the Greek Isles then Clarion.  The exterior is a little shabby, but the rooms are quite nice.  No king bed?  Mine had one, and every room has a small fridge, microwave and LCD tv.  I had to spend some time acrosss the street at the Hilton and, for a lot less money, I thought the room at the Clarion was nicer.Had dinner tonight (Sunday) in the Bistro Restaurant and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service.  The ribeye steak was nicely done, the scampi style shrimp and asparagus perfect.  Although the chef's idea of medium was somewhat different than mine, it did not justify sending the good sized steak back.  However, I am not sure I would partake of the buffet breakfast again.  Ten bucks gets you your choice of scrambled eggs, some kind of wierd looking quiche thing, dry pancakes, sausage patties, bacon, fruit and juice or coffee.  Micky D's a few blocks north on Paradise is where I will be going tomorrow.  I don't understand the comment about the parking permit and lack of front desk staff.  I was never told a permit was necessary, there is plenty of parking, both covered and uncovered and you may park wherever you want.  My room was on the south side, so at night I parked my car on the upper level so I could keep an eye on it.  During the day it stayed cool in the shade of the first and second levels.  When I checked in Friday afternoon there were two clerks staffing the front desk and there was no wait.One of the things I really liked about the Clarion was not having to navigate through miles of smoke filled casino to get to the front desk and elevators.  Sure, there might be a little smoke from a person in the lobby or casino, but, unlike Circus Circus where I last stayed in Vegas this was, you should pardon the pun, a breath of fresh air.Is the Clarion where you want to stay to impress your new hot girlfriend on your first trip to Vegas?  Maybe not.  But, if you are there on business and need a clean, comfortable room at a reasonable price, I would recommend it.
3	I purchased a bunch of Groupons (yup, I'm a cheapie, NOT, just resourceful), and currently staying here for my business trip.The hotel is nothing like the Bellagio or Wynn (which I stayed during previous trips to Las Vegas), but I'm not a hater, but not a lover either of this hotel.  If it wasn't for business or the awesome Groupons, I probably would never have considered this place.There's an awful smell of smoke as you enter the lobby, probably because the "casino" is adjacent.But let's talk about what I have.  The King room is big with a mini-fridge (great), microwave, single person couch, work table and chair, large windows and fair amount of space.  The bathroom is clean, sink is outside of the bathroom.  I like that idea.  Large flat screen TV.  FREE wireless internet, great so I can login and work at no charge to me or my company.There's a little fitness room on the 2nd floor, I couldn't find it initially and asked for hotel staff help.  They are friendly I should say.  There are a couple of bikes, an elliptical that doesn't work, a stairmaster, 2 treadmills and some free weights and nautilus type equipment.  The equipment is not the high end precor or lifestyle type, but it works, and I can get a little sweat, not to say that Las Vegas isn't steaming at 105-110 during my stay!  It's HOT.There's a pool, but haven't checked that out yet.  I'll do that this weekend, get some rays and tan.Parking is self-park by the way, no valet.Will I come back?  Yes, because I have Groupons to use!
2	I stayed here this last weekend, and based on some of the previous reviews was anticipating a nice, remodeled room. Well we got there the room hadn't been remodeled anytime recently. Maybe they started to remodel on certain floors, but stayed on the 12th and my room was scary, everything really old, stains on the carpet, felt like i had to wear shoes around and holes in the wall ("did someone get shot in here" was what I was thinking). The only reason I put up with how gross the room was, was because I purchased a groupon and it made it only $37. Tried to spend the least amount of time in there as possible. It was a place to sleep but that's about it.
4	The Clarion is really only a short walk off the strip.  Okay, it's a bit of a walk, but even if you get pretty hammered (and you probably will) getting back to a safe bed is easy enough to do.  Through a Groupon, it only ended up being something like 40 bucks a night with tax.  That's a hell of a deal.  That also factors into my review quite a bit because a lot of their glaring problems were easily overlooked given that I paid such a low rate.  Most nights I understand it's a good deal more expensive and had I paid full price I'd be fucking pissed.At one point my girlfriend, my sister, my friend and I all got trapped in the elevator with the front desk employee.  He remained calm, so I remained calm, too.  I also had me a tallie of beer so I got good and toasted beforehand so I was pretty relaxed, all in all.  We were in there about 8 minutes, he called for help, the elevator went up, then all the way down and I went swimming.At the pool, which is open 24 hours a fucking day, by the way, there's a strict "no glass" rule.  So I shrugged and brought glass in, anyway.  A security guard came out and told us there was no glass allowed at the pool.  He brought with him plastic cups for our booze, threw away our glass bottles and told us about the drink specials they had inside.  THAT'S service!The next morning, check out day, we got a call from the front desk telling us to check the fuck out or they'd charge us for another day.  Now, we thought checkout time was noon.  Generally it's 11 at most hotels, we for some reason thought this one was special.  It wasn't.  They wanted us gone and with the deposit they held on my card, I could not financially afford a one night's ding on there so I told my friends to chill, I'd go talk to the front desk and get this all smoothed over.Well, I got stuck in the motherfucking elevator again.  I tried running down the stairs, at first, but then realized that I drank and smoked too much the night before.  I heard the elevator so I squeezed in and scared a cleaning lady half to goddamned death.  She screamed.  I screamed.  No ice-cream was involved.  The elevator went UP, then down, one floor at a time, stopping at each floor.  By the time I got down to "Smoothe things over" my girlfriend already talked to the front desk lady and got shit all figured out.  No charge.  No fuss, no muss.If I could pay the same rate again, I'd definitely be back.
3	Decent hotel for the cost. Service was good and the room was clean. I liked the fact they have a mini fridge and microwave in the room. I disliked that two of the three ice machines were "out of order". Also, the pool and the jaccuzzi were dirty. The pool was filled with leaves and possibly little bugs and the hot tub's water looked green and was also filled with debris from the trees...would stay again if it was last minute.
1	Yikes. Well, the plus side of this place is that it is dog friendly, right next to the convention center, and only a block from the strip. We paid $50 for one night stay here while driving through. So I guess for $50, it is what it is. It is NOT a casino. They have a few slot machines in a run down lobby, and that is it. The rooms have not been renovated in about 20 years. It was so shady I actually pulled the sheets off to check for bedbugs before we laid down. For $50 a night you can stay at Circus, Circus! right on the strip, and you probably won't be as worried for your safety. We couldn't even get a cab, because they don't even drive by here. If you are a young boy, who is just looking to crash your head so you can party like a rockstar then fine...if you're anyone else...book somewhere else!
2	This review is actually from a friends stay. He had us up in the room for a little drinking party. Now he had got a groupon deal for this place. Without basically getting these rooms at half price, I would definitely stay elsewhere. To me everything just seemed a bit old and smelly. The room itself wasn't to bad but at room rates what they are in Vegas right now, you could stay in a place more modern. For a few extra bucks you could stay on the strip, or just off at nice places like the Rio. This place might be good for high occupancy nights in Vegas when everywhere is charging twice as much but you got a groupon deal. Other than that I wouldn't bother
4	This place is a great hotel for what it is. Here is what it is not:The Clarion is NOT:-A luxury hotel-A hotel right on the strip-A place with a huge nightlife scene-A hotel with many amenities-A large place to gambleHere is what the Clarion IS:-A nice, affordable hotel-A hotel close to the strip (but probably not walking distance)-A place with decently size rooms-A great, cheap place to crash on your first night in Vegas after you arrive later than you expected and have no energy to go outWe stayed there on a Friday night because we had the Groupon deal ($40 for a night) and we knew we would be too tired after the drive to want to go out. Therefore, we did not want to drop $200+ on a hotel room on the strip (that would be saved for Saturday night). We found parking to be very easy and found the receptionist to be nice as well. She directed us to our room and we were pleasantly surprised at the size of it. For the Groupon price, we expected the room to be rather small but it was a nice size. It had two queen beds, a sitting area and a pull-out couch. Instead of going out, we decided to explore the hotel a bit. There is a pool and jacuzzi outside which is a nice touch as well as a small gambling room. No tables but plenty of slot machines to keep you busy if you can't sleep. We also found a small chapel (made for great picture taking), a cafe that was closed and a stage area where I suppose shows are held. Although none of these things were open during our exploration, we had a lot of fun just checking it out.The Clarion is not a place to stay if you are looking for luxurious accommodations in Vegas. However, if you're looking for an affordable place to stay, I'd definitely recommend it if you can get a good deal. They're advertised prices are around $130 a night (although Expedia reports a lot cheaper) - I wouldn't spend that (hello Motel 6) but I would spend about $60 to stay here.
3	I would really give this hotel a 2 star but since they allowed dogs, I will give them an extra one. The rooms are FILTHY here. The floors have a bunch of stains. When we first got into the room the door couldn't even close because the hinges were screwed up. You would assume that housekeeping would have caught it..most of the staff was friendly although there was 1 that seemed like she just HATED being there. Overall the stay wasn't that great: I definetly won't be staying here again
4	You get what you pay for, save your money for food, shopping and gambling and save on the hotel. Sure, it's a little shabby but if you're broke and looking for a good time on the strip, then you shouldn't burn a hole in your pocket at one of the nicer hotels because you probably won't be spending too much time in your room anyway. This hotel is pet friendly!
4	This review is pretty much solely based on the karaoke experience. SO. MUCH. FUN. This is pretty much what I would imagine a night of karaoke in a senior citizen center to be like. Lots of much older folks getting down on the dance floor and singing their favorite grooves. Hilarious and awesome!The space itself (for the karaoke) is old and right on the casino floor. Frankly, there is nothing even slightly nice about it. But that just adds to the overall awesomeness and experience. (Overall, when you walk into this property, the lobby area isn't so bad. In fact, I kinda like it.)The best part was convincing my date to get up and sing "Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy)". Despite assuming that the crowd would not be into it, and being prepared for the karaoke hosts to forbid it, everyone loved it. LOVED. IT. The one old-timer, cowboy host even commented about how much he loved the song. So funny and so much fun!This is definitely, officially my fav karaoke spot in all of Vegas. You've got to come see this for yourself!
5	This place is legit. If you like the Huntridge tavern or any dive, this is the casino/hotel version. A shangri la of dives this place as a web juke box, 3 dollar shots anytime, double drinks on happy hour, one dollar beers any time, 5dollar menu + full kitchen, 1 dollar hot dogs, pool table.
1	It is amazing to me the effect that one person can have on your experience.  This one star goes to you, Steve Dennis.  You earned it.  All I can say is thank goodness for Yelp.  You don't have to make the same mistake as me.  STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!  There are hundreds and hundreds of hotels in Las Vegas.  Don't waste your time here.  Trust me, they don't care about you or your experience...or repeat business either!  Hotel manager Steve Dennis doesnt know the first thing about hospitality.  I will never stay here again.  Save your bucks for a place that cares about its customers enough to treat them with respect.
2	I came here to see Jan Rouven and that's about it. I can't say too much about the hotel other than it just reeks of smoke and I had a major coughing fit. I'm not too sure I'd stay here. Honestly, it kind of looks like a dump...not to be mean. It looks a bit old school and nothing super fancy. Staff who work here are super nice (2* for staff).
5	As soon as I learned that this was once the 'Debbie Reynolds Hotel and Casino', I could not hit the 'book' button fast enough! (I guess you would have to either be demented or be a HST fan to understand this, ideally both).  Seriously, there is just something remarkably charming in the classy with a 'K' appeal of old Las Vegas, and this is one of the few places away from downtown to capture it. For one thing, this is one of the few places in town that still has coin slots (even 3 credit nickel machines!).  It is very easy to get comp'd drinks, since there are so few people in the casino, and they have the old school, $5 steak and eggs diner that has disappeared from the strip.  The formerly Debbie Reynolds theater is now home to a magic show which I would have gladly paid the low price to see, if I had the time.  I actually booked this for a last minute weekend getaway from LA. The rooms were super cheap, and the location is an easy walk to Circus Circus/Wynn/ or the monorail/Hilton.  It is definitely not the Ritz or the Wynn, but it is a cheap and safe place to crash when you cannot walk anymore, or when you need to recover before the grueling drive back to LA.  Also, none of that 'resort fee' or 'extra person charge' BS that the strip hotels tack on to double the room rate.
3	This review is for the casino and theater only.  Did not stay at the hotel.Came here to see Illusions by Jan Rouven in the hotel theater.  Apparently this is where Debbie Reynolds once performed.  We arrived earlier, so played a few slots and video blackjack.  The casino is small, but clean and well maintained.  The few employees we interacted with were friendly.  It is kind of a quaint place.  My only real complaint about the casino is that it is setup to handpay, so there can be some delay in cashing out.The theater was fine and the Illusions show was awesome.  The show is moving to another theater, but be sure to check it out. Also, we would have stayed at this hotel, but its rates were above average for the days we were staying.  While the going rate at other hotels was around $50 per night, the Clarion was around $100.
1	This is where dreams go to die. Filled with smoke and old, depressed people. The restaurant is filthy and the food sucks. At least the waitress was really, really friendly. I felt bad for her that she ended up in this craptastic place.
3	The Hotel is not attractive at all, and also located away from the strip. It is convenient if you had to stay to attend the convention. The elevators are so filthy dirty and smelled. My room is clean, and looked like one that was just got renovated, especially the bathroom, vanity area are very clean. There is refrigerator, regular TV, and coffee maker. The view was OK, I can see my car from above. :) So the view is the parking lot and some constructions section of the hotel.. Obviously no WI-FI ... We got 2 complimentary breakfast worth $5.00 which is pretty good, because you can choose anything from the menu and they just take the $5.00 off the bill. Come to my surprise that the French toast is really good. And their coffee is fresh (a coffee drinker), and they use the bold roasted coffee. * * *The service is pleasant and friendly. All in all I can give only three stars for the Great breakfast. Yummy...
3	I stayed here for 4 days while attending a convention that was over on the strip.  I would stay here again if I wanted a cheap place.  But I would prefer to stay on the strip if possible.  Positives:*Room was clean, comfortable and quiet.*Housekeeping staff were attentive and friendly.  *Free WiFi.  Not the fastest, but good enough. *The restaurant in the casino is cheap.  But stick to simple stuff that is hard to mess up.  Anything I got that was fried was fine.  Anything requiring fresh vegetables was not very good.  Don't order a salad here.  If you're on an expense account, I would eat elsewhere.  There is a Marriott next door that has better food at higher prices.  Negatives:*The front desk is understaffed, so service there is slow.*No guest laundry.*The hotel is run down and the decor is very dated.  The hotel once had a Greek Isles theme, and some of this old decor is still around.  The outside of the hotel is done in a '70s gold and glitz style.  So the decor is very inconsistent.   *Cabs do not wait here, so if you need a cab to get you over to the strip, call the front desk before you head downstairs and ask them to call one for you.  Cabs usually take about 5 minutes to get here.  A ride to the strip is 10-20 minutes depending on traffic and your destination. *The casino is deserted much of the time.  Don't expect to head down to the bar at the end of the day and find people to chat with.
3	Hotel is a good value for the money. Rooms are always clean and staff is friendly. However, if you ever visit the bar and are Erin is behind it, may want to visit another place. I mentioned her service (or lack of) to John, the hotel manager and he was very polite and understanding. I have stayed there numerous times and outside of this, I do recommend this hotel.
4	After reading some of the Yelp reviews before staying at the Clarion via Groupon's Deal I went with low low expectations.  To my surprise the place was not so bad.  Our room was on the 4th floor and was very very spacious!  It had a very cool couture feel to it and was clean and comfortable.  I guess as I'm getting older I don't enjoy being in the heart of the strip (well, I never really liked Vegas in general to begin with) the Clarion Hotel was a perfect location.  Just off the strip, and just north of all the action, it was a great location to get in and around Las Vegas with ease via car.  The staff was great as well.  I had a couple shirts dry cleaned and they were awesome handling it.
1	I know people say this stuff and it's never true, but I honestly think that there were bed bugs in my bed. I woke up with bites all up and down my legs and on the back of my neck. I'm disgusted and itchy... Other than that it was OK...
1	This place does not even deserve a single star, but I have no choice if I want to give fair warning to others smart enough to look at Yelp before booking.First of all, this hotel is completely outdated, ghetto,  and dirty.  So dirty, in fact, that my friend refused to stay there after we had already paid (booked on Orbitz).  The girl at the front desk said it would be an additional $25 to check in early, which I was fine with.  I wasn't thrilled with the condition of this hotel, but our 1am flight was cancelled and we had already been stuck at the airport for 4 hrs, so I was essentially willing to sleep just about anywhere at that point.  My friend said "No, do not give her the extra money.  It's filthy.  We are not staying here!"  She saw a large bug crawling on the floor of the hotel lobby and just when we thought it couldn't get worse, we overheard another guest speaking to a hotel employee about some issue that occurred at the hotel which prompted him to call the police.  Great!  Safety issues on top of it all!The manager, Katie (who is snide, immature, and unprofessional) refused to refund us, stating that we had not cancelled within 48 hrs of our intended stay, so she would not issue a refund. Guess what Katie?  The hotel you manage is FILTHY, BUG-RIDDEN, GHETTO, and has blatantly RUDE and unaccommodating staff!  The advertisement of this hotel on Orbitz is fraudulent, misrepresentative, and misleading.By the way, Clarion Hotels are each privately owned, so I suggest not booking with them since they have no real motivation to keep them or their standards in line. To recap, this hotel is: GHETTO, FILTHY, POTENTIALLY UNSAFE, BUG-RIDDEN, and STAFFED WITH UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE PEOPLE**Stay at your own risk, but don't say I didn't warn you!
3	I have been staying here on and off since I'm in a transition phase while in Las Vegas. My experiences here have been preety good. Most days during the week you can stay for between $30-$40 and there is no resort fees and the internet access is free (kinda rare in Vegas for both of those to occur). Plus if your a Choice Priviledges member, you can rack up some points. Granted, the hotel has been around awhile (used to be owned by Debbie Reynolds in the 70's) and the housekeepers do a pretty average job. There are usually a few black hairs on the bathroom floor, but the towels are good, the location is easily walkable to the Wynn or anything on the North end of the strip and my interaction with the staff has been minimal, so no incidents there. Some rooms are better than others (eight floor is pretty good) and having a mini-fridge in the room is a bonus too. Skip the restaurant and steer away from in-room coffemakers, but if you like to drink, it's $3 Jack daniels drinks 24/7 and cheap beers. You can do worse.
2	Holy mackeral - the hotel has no cooling system only a water tank or something like that in which the engineer explained. Owners are apparently too cheap to put some the new system in. This leaves the rooms at oven like temperatures when its gets near 100 in Vegas - which is hello every day for 4 months. The engineer said the AC was at 69 degrees, but my room temp was 79. Blashphemy. I already paid for three more days, so I had to borrow a fan from housekeeping which is helping a bit and live in the dark during the day. Oh people will get fooled because the lobby and casino have the precious cooler and it seems ok until you start to boil over in your $30 room. Debbie Reynolds would be turning over in her grave if she knew about this. Never staying here again.   Oh a positive note - Glenda at the front desk is really sweet and helped me switch rooms with no problem. Still, she can only do so much to save this relic from the 70's.
1	I've stayed at some pretty horrid hotels in my time, but I think this place took the cake in being one of the worst hotels ever.  From the lobby, to the "casino" to the elevators to the rooms, everything was pretty dirty.  Their whole deal was that they had just updated their rooms and were trying to revamp themselves, but I really think they should just close down for a while a scrub that place from top to bottom, paint and maybe do a few cosmetic updates and shampoo that nasty carpet they have in the rooms.I would even go as far as saying that Circus Circus was probably a step up from this place.  Even if you see a Groupon or any other deal- it's not even worth it.  We ended up leaving earlier than planned because we disliked our room that much.
4	I just got back to New York after having stayed in Vegas for a week, and wanted to immediately post my review, not only to state what a nice place this is, but also to respond to all the haters out there. First of all, this hotel is very reasonably priced, it IS within walking distance to the strip ( I walked to a convenience store right next to the Encore to get the NYTimes every morning, and it took 6 minutes at most), if you don't have a car (we did) you can walk to the Convention Center (5 minutes?) and take the monorail to the main part of the Strip ( we took the trip one night for fun, and it was pretty cool), and the view from our 12th floor room was stupendous: it overlooked SteveWynn's golf course and offered a knockout view of the strip(especially at night). The room was clean, and the cleaning staff were attentive and solicitous. I didn't have much interaction with the hotel staff, but what I did have was pleasant and satisfactory. The pool area was a welcome refuge from the tumult of the city, and it was quiet and refreshing (especially with drinks delivered from the bar!) I used the hotel's workout room everyday, and was pleasantly surprised at how well it was equipped: it's not Equinox, but with free weights, cable machines, treadmills, stair masters, and bikes, it's all one needs when on vacation. Could the place use an upgrade? Sure! Could they improve the bar and small casino by banning smoking( good luck with THAT in Vegas)? You bet! But for the price and the amenities I used, this place was great.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed here over the summer and on our last night there we started breaking out in what I thought were hives, then we realized that we were covered in painful itchy red welts from BED BUGS. Ugh disgusting. We had to throw away our luggage and scrub everything we brought with us down before we went home. I mean everything- toiletries, my SHOES- everything. My dry cleaning bill was bigger than the cost of our stay. Not to mention being covered with bites for the rest of the week...DO NOT STAY HERE.
4	Okay I don't want to over- or under-sell ths place. Let me just hit you with the pros and cons. Pros: Price, ammenities for the dollar, proximity to services such as lower-priced food options on the Strip, a Ross, and  Budget rent-a and Encore/Wynn. Comfortable, clean bed with quality sheets. Helpful staff. Cons: The carpet is not in the greatest condition. It seems to me like they had a flood and didn't dry out the carpets fast enough. First floor hallway smells pretty foul so avoid it. Business center is there, thats how I discovered it. Overall down-at-heel, but not disgusting like some European or New York hotels can be. They accept pets. (I consider that a negative since it meant barky-whiney sounds next door.) I would stay here again, mostly for the overall value.
1	Came here because this was the cheapest place to stay for CSHP Seminar.  This place is really far from most of the center strip hotels, so if you stay here -- get a car otherwise you'll be stuck going to just the Riviera or Circus Circus.  Parking here is free -- covered and uncovered.  Just make sure to ask for a temporary parking pass from the front desk to put on your dashboard.  Hotel rooms are pretty big --that's about the only perk of this hotel.  Stayed in a 2 king room with 2 friends and it was enough space for the 3 of us.  The carpet was kind of dirty, the room smelled a bit like mold, and the air conditioning/heating unit didn't really work.  It was really cold in the room, so we tried to turning off the air conditioning but it wouldn't turn off... and we tried turning on the heat but it wouldn't turn on.  I had to call housekeeping to get extra blankets because the blankets provided on the bed were really thin.  II highly recommend asking for 2 extra blankets because I'm pretty sure you're going to be cold in your room.The hotel front desk staff are nice.  They sell various products too, such as Motrin, Advil, condoms and lube.  I was sick and had a sore throat and I had pretty much maxed out on my daily intake of ibuprofen.  I didn't have the energy to go to Walgreens which was a long block's walk away from the hotel, so I asked if they had any acetaminophen (Tylenol) but they did not... instead they had 3 different brands of ibuprofen, condoms, and lube... I was pretty much out of luck at that point. What did I do instead?  I didn't take any medication that night and just gargled with salt water.  I really wish they sold some Tylenol!A lot of the people who come here loiter around in the casino or the bar.  Many of them are suspicious looking and a bit seedy.  I guess this is what you get when you stay off the Strip.  Never again will I want to stay off the strip -- well unless the hotel is reputable -- but definitely not at a janky motel like this place.  This place gets 1 star, for the friendly hotel staff.  Other than that, this hotel has nothing going on.  Clarion is part of the Choice Hotel chain.  When I come back to Las Vegas, I definitely have a 'choice' of where to stay... I definitely will choose NOT to stay here again!
4	Let me begin by saying the difference on some of the reviews is your reason for being in Vegas and where you come from.  If you are a New Yorker like me, the walk to the strip is fine. (dont be dramatic people.) Now if you spend most of your life in a car, then it may seem far but everything will then seem far in Vegas since all the hotels on the strip are massive. Now if you are coming to party on the strip, then this hotel was a stupid decision on your part.However, if you are in town for a convention, this hotel makes great sense.  Let's face it, there are no "great" hotels except for the Encore and Wynn near the convention center but who cares.  You are spending no time in your hotel.  This place was quick, courteous and the gym had weights which is really all I need since I run outside. I was a 5 minute walk to the convention center and a quick cab ride to the airport.  All I ask for when I am in Vegas for work.  As a side note, for those upset you cannot cancel your hotel rooms on the day you walk in to check in, this is common practice in every hotel in the world.  That is why they all come with cancellation policies when you book.  I will continue to stay at the Clarion or the LVH on my stays in Vegas for work because it makes sense but again, don't stay here if you have no reason to be at the end of the strip!  Saving a buck? Not worth it if you end up spending all your money on cabs.... use common sense folks!
4	Executive Summary: Okay this hotel is aging, there were a few small issues, but Katie, the manager, is awesome.  She completely won me over.  She resolved issues quickly and in  a no-nonsense friendly manner.  She is also very resourceful and informative. If you like deals, with great food and service, this is the jackpot. Small Insignificant Issues:- Deteriorating paint and carpet visible in rooms and hallways if you look closely. - Wolf Theater sign outside the building looks crappy and run down, they need to fix that. Significant Issue:Be aware in the winter only half the rooms have working AC.  If you want AC, be sure to tell them that when checking in, please give me a room on the side of the building with working AC.  Mine did not have working AC and I thought it was broken at first, but when I asked her, she explains that is on purpose in the winter.  So it's the side facing away from the strip that has AC.  Remember that.  Other rooms will not get below 75 degrees (but they did bring me a fan while I was in that room). Deposit: $50, they credit it when you check out. Wonderful: - Restaurant service.  Reasonable prices, George was awesome at breakfast and a lady with long blonde hair was friendly at night.  - Restaurant food.  I posted the pics.  Both breakfast and dinner were delicious.  These people really did act like a happy family and include you in that while dining. - Seth Grabel, Magic Show.  Smart, funny, talented, acrobatic and HANDSOME! :)  He may be at a smaller hotel off the strip, but he was on America's Got Talent.  He is a rising star.  Fantastic show. Tip: It is a long ass walk from Las Vegas blvd and back, so take the LSX (?) bus to the strip and back.  Bus stop is across the street and down from the hotel.
5	Even if you don't stay there, you must stop by for the breakfast.  Great food at a great price.  What made our morning even better was our service from George.  Very attentive and even a better personality.  He cared about our dining experience.  Will definitely be back just to see George again.
4	My friends and I were a bit skeptical about getting a room at this hotel because of the mixed reviews.  In the end we went for it.  This place was actually not that bad at all.  Yes, it's a bit older hotel, but for the 2 king beds and the price we paid for 1 night ($65 for a Saturday night), it was a bargain.  Check-in is 3pm and check-out is 11am; we were able to extend our check-out to 12:30pm and they make you get out on the dot.  Everything in the hotel room was good, except for the cracked sink, but it was no big deal.  The room even came with a mini fridge.  As for the environment, it's pretty quiet, but the walls are thin, so you can hear what others' are doing in the other rooms.  The lighting in the parking lot is alright, someone wrote  a review making it sound like it was scary to walk by.  There was no need to use my pepper spray after all.  Overall, if you're looking for a cheap hotel to stay at, this is the place to be.
4	Great location, great prices, Great Big Clean Room!!!! Free internet, refrigerator and coffee. Great staff! This is my secret hideout while in Las Vegas!
4	I was amazed by how nice this hotel is, and being within walking distance of the Encore & Wynn hotels is a bonus. My room was clean and quiet with a fridge and large TV with 35+ channels, and a nice business center. The staff was terrific, especially Katie the GM, who was a real sweetheart.$44.99 for a Friday night stay and $55.99 the following night (AARP rate) is impossible to beat this close to the Strip. The bar at the legendary Italian restaurant Piero's a few steps away (Scorsese's 'Casino' was filmed there) was a very comfortable spot to have a few cocktails with my friends, and service was excellent..Can't beat the location for those prices, and no resort fees to worry about either.
1	No toilet paper in casino restrooms and no cable in my room!
4	After driving 17 hours straight, I just wanted an inexpensive room to get some rest. I booked my room online for $38.99. I assumed for such a low price I must have paid for a crappy room in the jungle. However I was pleasantly surprised how nice and clean it was. It was also close to all the Las Vegas touristy things. The bar in the casino was nice also.
4	This review is for the bar only. I discovered this place when I was in town about 3 years ago while walking back to a timeshare that I was staying in off the strip that belonged to a friend. We decided to stop in for a drink on our way back, and the awesome amazing bartender, Candy, was super professional and simply a delight to interact with. She let us know about their special, which I believe they still have (I'm going back in 3 weeks so I will update if they got rid of it) where from 12am-4am, all well drinks and beers in the entire bar are 2 for 1. That's right, any drink you want as long as it's made with well liquor, is 2 for 1, and one drink alone is already pretty cheap here anyway if you're not gambling, which then of course it's comped. Needless to say we rolled in about midnight and ended up staying till 6am. The people in there range from tourists that took advantage of the super cheap rooms, to business people, to locals, and it has a casino (they don't have table games but have all your standard machines) , pool table, and full juke box. It's basically like going to a really chill house party in Vegas yet it's a full bar/casino. Again, Candy is one of the sweetest people you'll meet in Vegas, but also the good old fashioned kind of bar tender that will take care of you all night. She know's when to cut you off in a respectful manner if it's obvious you need to be, and always always calls you a cab to wherever you're going and makes sure you get in it ok. Also, when I was there for New Year's they were doing a really awesome breakfast special starting at 6am. You can get a petite New York steak, eggs, and hashbrowns for $6. I thought for the price the steak would probably be tough and flavorless (but we'd been partying for 5 hours so it's not like I really cared) but it was actually tender and really good. Since it is so far down/off the strip it's never really crowded, although on the weekends I've seen it pretty busy, but it's a great place to go if you're either on a budget or want to take a break from the crowds/craziness of the strip but still want to party with a group of friends all night.
1	If I could give this place a zero rating, I would.  This would be a great hotel for partyers who don't care where they sleep.  The carpet was dirty throughout the hotel and in the room.  There was a giant gap in the carpet in the middle of the room, the room was huge but there was only contained a queen bed a desk and a dirty chair, the comforter had cigarette burns in it and the wallpaper was torn, the lampshades were filthy and water stained.  I was afraid to go to into the bathroom.  My husband and I called another hotel in the area and booked a room immediately.  We were in Vegas for the Pac-Expo and the room was paid for by my husband's work.  We had to pay for the new hotel out of our own pocket but didn't care because we couldn't get away fast enough from the filth of the clarion.
2	Well, still no resort fee (one of the last places), but now they want to charge us for parking in their crappy garage. Yeah right you freakin theives - I will still park in the surface lot for free. Rooms are going downhill fast here and you can clearly hear noises from other rooms if you have the wrong selection of people around your area. Only saving grace is that you get two free show tickets to any show by showing room key. Still close to north side of strip and most casino's on this end you can walk too. Still budget friendly at 30 bucks a night during week. Paying anymore is a ripoff.
5	This place is amazing me and my wife stayed here for our first time in Vegas. The rooms were great and the bartenders on Saturday night are absolutely outstanding! Seriously made my our night! Erin and the owner are great!!
5	The hotel itself is good. The bar is AMAZING!!!! The bartender Erin is great so sweet and the gentlemen I don't know his name but I think he owns the bar, he is so nice! They are a great group! Made the experience wonderful!! It's a little far from the strip in walking distance but you can always go to the bar/casino! Def will stay again!!
4	The reason I am giving this hotel 4 stars is because it is the lowest priced hotel that is not a rat hole, the staff was great, has a pool open 24/7, the hotel was quiet and just a block from the strip and the price is right.   Would we stay there again? In a heartbeat. My wife and I went in December for 4 days.  We had a 2 king room on the 9th floor.  The room was very nice but the hallway smelled like dog poop so we asked for a room on a different floor.  The person at the check-in counter was very accommodating.  He moved us to a 2 king room on the 7th floor with the best possible view the hotel could manage.  The hallway smelled like a hotel (of clean carpet and a hint of bleach) but the room had a faint smell of smoke that was very tolerable.  The staff was very nice including the bartender when she wasn't too busy.  I am only able to comment on the hotel since we didn't see any shows, pull any handles or purchase any drinks though they must have been good because the bar seemed to be full of local patrons.
2	Cigarette smell all throughout the hotel. I'm a smoker, but its pretty overpowering. Staff is very friendly and accommodating which is the only reason why I would actually stay again. That, and I dig the location. And oh yeah.......stay out of their "casino" unless you like to be paid out in nickels! The attendant is also very rude and acts like its an inconvenience that the machines keep running out of nickels and break down during pay out. He's right, it is inconvenient........for the gamblers/guest; but that's his job, right?
1	The clarion hotel casino is one of the worst hotels I have every stayed in.  I am a frequent traveller I can say this hotel is atrocious!  Upon check in, the front desk was rude and obnoxious.  That was just the start.The room looked and smelled like a war zone, with stains on the rug every two feet including an iron mark on the floor.  The room gave us an itchy feeling so we immediately went to cvs and purchased Lysol and air freshened.  We emptied the two cans of Lysol in the room and felt a little better.  The windows were dirty the blinds smelled horrible.  The only thing that was ok were the towels very soft and clean.  I am guessing they are new that's it.  When we came home that night the tv didn't work and maintenance was called they did come and fix it but it took over 30 minutes and any stations were fuzzy!  Brutal!Didn't try food or bar or casino because we were not comfortable on property as the people in the bar and casino looked like criminals.  As we were about to leave after check out we saw that our car was broken into as well as the couples car next to us in the parking lot!   Not real safe at all, like I said criminals!   We could not wait to get out of there!  I would suggest that when you are looking for a hotel in Vegas stay as far away from this place as possible!   Please stay away!
1	We decided to stay at the Clarion Hotel and Casino on Convention Center Drive as a money saving alternative to staying on the strip. The room cost us $134 for the night and we quickly realized we should have spent a little extra and stayed ANYWHERE else. The hotel itself looked dirty and completely uncared for as did the lobby, casino, and hallways within. We were given a room on the first floor right next to an exit; we later found that the exit was never locked from the outside and there were no cameras. We noticed that the room doors didn't close properly, as light could be seen from the inside.  Our room was disgustingly dirty. The carpets were terribly stained and filthy, almost as nasty as was the upholstered chair which obviously had some explicit stains on it.  The mattress had a very noticeable indent that made it difficult to sleep and put a gross image in our heads of the activities that have gone on in that bed. While sleeping, the fitted sheet pulled up exposing a very yellowed and deeply stained mattress from a combination of blood and vomit. Gross. There were red stains on the ceiling and grime all over the walls. The curtains were dirty and smelly. The shower and toilet backed up. Overall, we have stayed in numerous budget hotels, and at much cheaper prices, and I can assure you we have never been as grossed out as we were staying here. We complained to ourselves throughout the night and realized the next morning that we were probably better off sleeping in our car.
2	Price - okay, since it offers free breakfast, but if you dont care for breakfast you could find a much better hotel on the strip(for a cheaper price)Staff-very nice, i think her name is katieRoom-hmmm, big but smelly, noisy, you could hear banging doors & dogs, which makes the hotel kinda scary. Bar - cheap drinks, offers BOGO!Pool-the only hotel pool (i think) in vegas that is open 24/7, kids are so happy.The balloon guy is very nice too for having an easter egg hunt for the kids!
2	we walked into the OLD lobby and it smelled like cigars/cigs which was overwhelming for me as i'm a non-smoker and react physically to smoke.. (yeah i know, it's a part of vegas, so i just had to deal). there were some issues during our check in process cuz we did things a bit different (we had 3 free nites thanks to choice privileges reward points, and we're paying for the last 2 nites w/ credit, BUT i also had 3 cash coupon vouchers from choice privileges totaling $35 and the guy didn't know how to do those even tho the damn directions for it were on the back of the papers)... anyway, we get into the old(!) elevators to the 4th floor.. i was personally afraid every time we got into the elevators cuz i read how some ppl got stuck in them! so we walk down a long corridor (OLD!) to our room and we couldn't get in our room at 1st! this was another worry of mine cuz i read how ppl couldn't get in their rooms cuz the room keys weren't done right or something... so he immediately calls the front desk and a man comes to see us a few mins later. he explains that the handles have to be pulled UP instead of DOWN lol. idk y the damn front desk couldn't just tell us that on the phone! we walk in and it's not *horrible* but it's not ideal either lol.. i was worried cuz i read how ppl who had non-smoking rooms, their rooms reeked of cigs! so i thought the same might happen to us, as it is vegas where smoking is freely allowed but thankfully the room didn't smell :).. the carpet is stained (and keep in mind, pets are allowed here, so u gotta wonder what those stains are!) and in our room, the carpet was poorly covered up w/ scraps to 'fix' holes (GHETTO!).. the sink is *outside* the bathroom which we're not thrilled w/ (we're germophobes and very much like having the sink/vanity in the same room as the toilet!). we noticed there's a slight sewery smell that comes from the toilet i think, at random times, idk y that happened, but be aware of it..  the tv is a box kind (as in not a flat screen) so when we turned on the tv, some channels like CNN (i think) were fuzzy and staticky :/// and the channels are mostly news stuff (NOT a fan) so even tho i'm a tv addict, i didn't watch a single show of mine during the whole week! there were 2 king beds w/ ok comforter tops (i can't deal w/ the color green so i was worried there'd be green lol), we were told we'd have 2 king beds so at least this part of the reservation was fulfilled.. we had a 'view' of a garage parking lot lol.. there was a square dorm size fridge provided, not big enuf for us, so basically all of our leftovers from restaurants went straight to the homeless ppl on the strip lol. btw, i highly recommend that if u don't finish ur food at restaurants, that u have it boxed up and give it to a random homeless person, there's plenty of em on the strip! .. it's better than having it thrown away IMO.. also, it's better than giving them $ IMO since most of them will just use it for drugs/booze (we saw one multiple times during the week we were there that he gave $ to 1x and the last time we saw him, he was severely high). note that there's no microwave in the rooms (but there r microwaves available in the casino room by the vending machines).so i'm part of the membership for choice hotels (which this hotel is part of that), so we saved bunches of $.. and actually it's on a sorta ghetto street. u'll see a few small roaches scurrying around on the sidewalk going to the hotel (and on the strip too maybe actually).. so like i said, everything leading to the room was really outdated!! w/ all the mixed reviews of *horrible* and *decent*, i was literally scared of our room the whole time leading up to being there! so we seemed to luck out sorta w/ what we ended up w/.. and considering the extra low cost for 5 nites, we really did have a good room.. but good luck to everyone who comes to this hotel.. a few more things - the casino room is really small and pretty low-class honestly, their machines are kinda old and not appealing (dumb gimmicky machine themes), but it's the only casino setting we gambled in, $5 each max lol. we both won a bit and put it back into the machines lol.. their version of a 'buffet/food court' is vending machines against the wall lol.  i never stepped into their lil wolf theater so idk what that's like. there's a small fountain in the lobby in the sitting area that doesn't work lol so idk y it's still there. never went into the pool or anything cuz ewewwww.. the wifi in the room was fine, but it didn't work during our last nite there for w/e reason, figures right?
5	Off the strip a little ways, but super close to the convention center (short cab ride to the strip - walkable, but it's hot). We went there Memorial Day weekend and the customer service is the best. My boyfriend left his cell phone in the taxi we used from Clarion to Bellagio - the manager, KD, and Jeremy went above and beyond to help. They had their engineers look at security footage to see which cab picked us up, gave us the cab number, and contact number. We ended up getting his phone back the same day. REALLY exceptional customer service. (Although the large hotels are nice, I highly doubt they'd review security footage for one guest) Thanks once again!
5	Right off the bat, I want readers to know I'm giving this kitschy older hotel a FIVE star rating for the STAFF, and the overall "vibe" of the place and the proximity to the convention center.  This may be a subtle distinction to some, and might seem even silly to others.  But as a long-time traveler to Vegas on business, and the convention center specifically, it's an important distinction!!I've stayed in a great many hotels in Las Vegas over the years - from the best to the worst - I've done them all.  But I've never had as nice a "staff experience" as at the Clarion (used to be the Greek Isles).Katy, Jeremy and Brandy were simply AWESOME from the moment we arrived to the moment we left.  It's almost like they KNOW their hotel isn't the fanciest, the newest or the biggest - it doesn't have mega shows, no massive casino, no "food court" and no holograms by the fountain (which doesn't work anymore anyway!).   The team that works at this hotel GETS that - and they know their success can only come from really good service.... so back to my first line - that's where they get the five stars.... the STAFF and how they treat their guests.The room was nice all in all - the A/C was somewhat weak (but we got a GIANT fan from Katy and Jeremy and that made all the difference).  The beds were very nice, even though the room seems somewhat dated.  The bathroom was totally adequate - well lit, nice facilities, well stocked and the towels were VERY nice.  For our $10 a day services fee, we got "free" internet, coffee in the room, water bottles every day, and continental breakfast every day.  Not bad at all - especially for LAS VEGAS!!OK ... so there's some "bad" - sure - most places have some "bad".  Yeah, the lobby is dated and rather old, the bar even more so - and ALL of it very smokey - but that's what you get in a hotel with a smoking bar.... they are ALL smokey.  So if that's an issue, this place isn't for you!  Hell - if smoking bugs you, why the hell are you even in Las Vegas in the first place LOL!!  (I don't smoke but didn't hang out in that area so I was fine).  They do offer a continental breakfast but only have one coffee dispenser that seemed always to be empty.   The breakfast choices were pretty basic and limited, but again this is Las Vegas - hardly ANY hotels here offer this for less than $15 or so.  Lastly, they do not offer a restaurant outside of breakfast but the Marriott next door has a GREAT little cafe and bar - and it's non-smoking, so we spent most of our eating / drinking time there, and it's only a few hundred feet away. But the nightly rate there isn't even close to what we paid for the Clarion....  so WIN!In summary - I still give the Clarion FIVE stars - and thanks to Katy, Jeremy and Brandy for their cheerful, helpful and friendly service from the moment we arrived.  Should the owner of the hotel see this:  were it not for the wonderful staff, this review would likely be very different.  Your STAFF makes the Clarion a 5 star hotel in a 2 star building in a city filled with impersonal mega-casino-hotels that I don't ever even bother to review!  Think about that....Because of the staff here, the Clarion is my new standard for "Vegas Convention Center" events going forwardDave
3	Nice price....If you don't stay during the summer & you expect the A/C to actually semi work... Right now it's 98* outside (12:47 am) and my guess it is about 83* in this room.I'm going to assume that it is just so friggen hot, the A/C is doing the best it can. I'm buying a fan tomorrow LOL, For the $ I'm saving here, I can deal with it.Wierd TV... Picks up truckers CB radio every hour or two.Otherwise, very clean and not flashy... I like that! The desk woman is very nice though, and I value kind people more than plush digs.Even with scrappy A/C, I'll probably stay here again, as I come to Vegas every week or two.
3	Large room, comfortable bed, bad TV, only vending machines for food. Air conditioner was on its last leg but I got a great rate and it served its purpose.
4	Very happy with the Clarion. Nice weekday rates, good room, away from the Strip drunken madness but only about a 3 minute walk away. I don't know if all rooms are the same but the A/C was fine in mine, and this was during a couple days of 105 degree heat. It's an older central air system with pipes so there's limited control, but I left it cranking on max and it kept the room comfy all day. Room fairly large, good king bed, flatscreen TV with decent channel selection, OK free wifi, mini-fridge and microwave. Resort/hotel/whatever fee is 6 bucks a night but if you book through Choice it's folded into your total cost so you aren't ambushed with anything at check-in. Decent little fitness center too, cardio and some resistance / dumbbells. Kinda hidden on the 2nd floor, follow the signs to the restrooms, then look around the corner to the left. Also some sort of a pool around here though I didn't get to it.The "casino" portion is just a few penny slots and a little bar off the lobby. I guess there used to be a restaurant but now it seems to just be there to serve breakfast in the morning. Which was pretty good for a continental, but the earlier you get down there (6:30 to 9:30) the better the experience will be. I went at 7 am one morning and it was just me and two other single people, but I went at 8:30 the other morning and it was jammed up with big families grabbing multiple fistfuls of everything like it was the last food they were ever going to see on Earth. Anyway, they got bagels (with peanut butter!), boiled eggs, premade waffles, fruit basket, donuts, oatmeal, yogurt and cereal. Convention Center Drive is kind of half-abandoned, but I didn't get a dangerous vibe from it at all, just a few derelicts hanging out near the bus stops here and there. Looked way too shazzled to mug anyone. There's an SDX and Deuce stop right outside, the Strip is 3 minutes walk in one direction and the Monorail is about the same in the other.  Inexpensive food nearby is a 24 hour Walgreens down the street (with Blue Bell pints in the freezer!), Dennys, Tacos El Gordo, Peppermill Restaurant, a McDonalds and a 7-11. Ethiopian restaurant right across the way, hecka pricey Korean BBQ down the street and then there's the Strip with all the ripoff food you could desire.Desk staff is great. Definitely on my list of first places to look at when I come back. For what came out to 40/nite after taxes and fees it was a pretty good deal.
1	Very bad experience here room was hot dirty sheets the staff had a bad attitude. I got home as I was unpacking I find a roach in there stay away if you can.
2	Passing through Las Vegas on our way home to San Diego with our two dogs, we knew it might be hard to find accommodations.  That's why I was glad to see Clarion listed. I'd stayed at Clarion hotels in different cities in the past and they were excellent: attractive, comfortable, all the comforts. Then...we arrive at THIS one. It has clearly not been updated since the 70's: an old, portable TV sits on the dresser, all its stations fuzzy, only two bath towels in the bathroom (when other hotels have 4, even for a one-night stay, old comforters that are unraveling. Ugh! And they put us on the 7th floor!  I've never been in a dog friendly hotel that puts you anywhere but the ground floor...until today. The front desk is manned by a young woman who talks at 100mph and doesn't have any idea where, in all the Las Vegas area, one might find a dog friendly restaurant. With dogs or not, this hotel is terrible.
4	I left early to Vegas to go to the NBA Summer League with my boyfriend for a date. The date turned in to all of our friends coming out to meet up with some of my sorority sisters. Naturally, everything got screwed up and everyone was angry. Everything but this!I got to the hotel and it turns out I made reservations at Roadway Inn for $100 instead of Clarion. I found this out after searching for a confirmation for about half hour, which the person at the front desk let me use a phone charger and the business center to find. Everyone was on their way to a room we might not have and half of us were fighting. The Clarion costs twice the price of the Roadway and I was almost in tears trying to figure all this out. The person at the front counter helped us out and was awesome.We got a room, which is usually really hard to find or too expensive. The desk person also helped us out with the price, matching the Roadway, and was generally concerned for our safety with staying there. Apparently they don't have 24-hour security. The person also looked the other way when we had an extra person in our room, since I was extremely upset and we were desperate. Basically, I went from having no idea where I was staying, to potentially having to stay somewhere unsafe, to having a pretty decent room in walking distance from the club where we were going to party. We even came back early and went to the pool. My only complaints were that it was hot and the lamp was broken, so the lighting was dim. Other than that, it did the job. Now I have a go-to place when going to Vegas and partying at Encore or the Wynn. The person at the desk helped me out so much that I will definitely be back.
