5	Without a doubt, one of the best values (hah, clearly a relative concept) in all of the new strip -- and probably some of the best non-designer food to be had there as well.  Although I was very dissapointed in the dan dan noodles (very soupy), the potstickers and the Singapore mei fun were super yummy.
5	One thing I Miss about LA is Chinatown and the places that serve fresh noodles. Noodle Asia is a little more upscale but it's got great selection. It's located at the Venetian. But not at the best location. Right next to the Race and Sports book, they got one of them there Chinese places. Actually this restaurant houses some of the best fresh noodle makers here. So I'm here enough times when my family comes into town.Won Ton soup. Large steaming bowl of freshly made won tons. And they're BIG!Red Won Tons.... Spicy...Not for white peopleLarge cantonese BBQ plate Yea I LOVE DUCK --- bbq pork is fresh and doesn't look like it's been sitting. Soy sauce chicken...well it's hard to really f*ck up soy sauce chicken.Pot stickers are fresh! The Sui Mai and Har Gow are fresh.....popping flavors.Night Market Fried Rice --- YUMMY!XO Shrimp Lai Fen --- SPICY and Yummy! Well watch out --- if you don't like thick noodles --- make sure you watch what you get. Ask the server. But overall --- service is efficient and there are actually asian people working and not mexican in the kitchen....
2	My partner and I went to Noodle Asia the day we arrived in Las Vegas.  We checked into the Venetian around lunchtime, so by the time we were settled in our room we were quite hungry.  I had looked at the dining book in the room and I saw that Noodle Asia had vegetarian dishes, so we decided to go there.There was an extremely long wait to get seated - and there were only three parties ahead of ours (one of which had 6 people, the others were couples).  It also took a very long time to get anything to drink and to have our order taken; this was at lunchtime so perhaps they were understaffed.  Fortunately the food arrived quickly after we ordered it, and when we were ready to leave, my doggie bag was brought quickly.I was quite disappointed in the food, however.  When a restaurant is specifically advertised as having multiple vegetarian dishes, I expect them to be either marked with an icon or in their own section - but here, I had to ask the hostess to explain what dishes on the menu were vegetarian.  There were not many of them, although she claimed that a few could be "made vegetarian" by leaving out meat.  (I am always skeptical of this, because very often they use beef broth anyway.)  I ordered the Buddha's Feast noodles and my partner ordered the Shanghai Noodles; hers were much better than mine.The atmosphere at Noodle Asia is not good at all.  It's mostly sheltered from the casino, but wide-open to the sports book.  I did not enjoy staring at 87 TV's showing all kinds of sports while I ate.If you are already at the Venetian and craving Asian food, but you can't afford Tao, then Noodle Asia is not too bad.  But otherwise, I'd stay far away from this restaurant.
4	This is a great place to go after long party night in Vegas and somehow we ended up at Noodle Asia two nights in a row. It's definitely good food after 5 straight hours of dancing and drinking. The prices are a bit high, but the food is actually really authentic. All the dishes are pretty good. The noodle soups, porridge, nian gao and the shrimp xo lai fen are good. The first night we ate there, JH, B and I got there first..ordered our food. Our friend M came by a bit tipsy and cleaned up B's noodle soup. I guess it was pretty darn good to him. The next day, we were walking to Tao through the casino floor, but JH started walking towards Noodle Asia. I guess he really loves it that much! We partied it up at Tao and ended up at Noodle Asia again. Again, good chinese food and the portions are pretty decent. The service is quick too...one thing to note that it closes at 3AM. So, it's open late..but, not vegas-late.
3	the prices were ridiculous. i think the place is pretty convenient... and the set-up is quite refreshing. however, the menu lacked a lot of things... i think it was too americanized for me. my friends and i shared multiple dishes... from chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, pan fried noodles with seafood, shrimp fried rice, and beef szechuan soup. now that soup was the best thing we had in our meal. it was so good we ordered another one. the noodles are thick wheat noodles in a sweet but spicy beef broth. the beef pieces were tender and cooked to perfection. the service was horrible, though. we didn't even order too much from the menu but they couldn't keep up with our orders.
3	Ok I live near Asian central in LA so when someone from the East Coast said the beef noodle soup was good, I was  a bit skeptical. I actually went with a bunch of Asian guys from LA. Most of us got the beef noodle soup. It was quite authentic but the price was ridiculous! $14 for a bowl. Decent sized bowl but I will never pay that much again. I can get one for $4 back home. I just ate it for experience.
4	You would think a Chinese restaurant in a casino/hotel would suck, even if it's a 4-star casino/hotel.  But surprisingly Noodle Asia is pretty good.  I eat here almost every time I'm in Sin City.  The noodle soups are a little bland for my taste, but I do like their pan fried noodles and the fried rice.  The dim sum is not bad either.
4	When you think of what to eat in Vegas it usually consists of steak and eggs, one of the million buffets, prime rib, shrimp cocktail etc...but definitely not Chinese food.  Thank goodness Joanna E. introduced me to this place.  The shrimp fried rice and wonton noodle soup were absolutely DELISH!  Service was pretty fast and efficient.  I only have one gripe--the har gow and shu mei were like $8.95 for six pieces...now if you are a dim sum connoisseur like Joanna E. and myself you would know that is a RIP OFF!!!  Which is why I deducted one star.
4	Ahhhh, one of the many reasons I love the Venetian hotel: Noodles Asia. The shrimp fried rice: excellent (so much that even though we were full - we decided to finish the plate). Wonton Noodle Soup: Mouth-watering. The egg noodles and just the right amount of flavoring... completely over the top!!!Beef Chow Fun: Not my favorite, but still exteremly delicious!!Minus one star for the price. I understand it's Vegas and we should expect high prices, but rearlly? $45 for 3 meals... absurd!
2	Trust me, you're much better off eating at Panda Express.Went here because some Yelpers said it was a decent Chinese place on the strip. Repeat, the strip.First off, the location sucks. Yes, it may be in the Venetian, but it's in some odd corner where the smell of smoke is intense and you're looking at nothing but Sportsbooks.We were seated promptly but it took about half an hour for water and menus. The food was honestly forgettable. Yes, there was variety, as well as Dim Sum, and the quality of ingredients was good, but it didn't live up to its claim of authenticity, nor did it taste spectacular. We had the XO Shrimp and the Seafood Pan Fried Noodles. And it was overpriced as hell.Like I said, you're better off eating at Panda Express somewhere in Henderson, or in Vegas if there is one. Sure it's a chain, but the food is freshly made, hot, and tasty.Two stars for bad environment, mediocre food, and slow service.Another fine review by S.G.Whoop, whoop, whoop!
4	This restaurant is located in the Venetian Hotel, and they serve a variety of noodle, rice, and dim sum dishes. The price is a bit high, but surprisingly, the food was pretty good. We came here around dinner time, and the service was pretty fast. Noodle soups came out before the dry noodles. I noticed that the dry noodle had more noddles/veggies/meat than the soup kind.I think they open late, so it would probably make a good late-night meal. I will come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	By looking at the pics of my Mom chowing down on her delectable Chinese cuisine, you can imagine my Mom didn't talk too much!  HAH!Please take a peek at the pics I took with my Nokia 6260 camera phone of my Mom and Noodle Asia's cuisine.
2	here's a quick summary: over-priced and under-flavored. i would have never come here if i weren't an asian staying at venetian, did have a rental car to venture out, or weren't struck with an asian food craving.
4	Four stars seems high, but I feel I must because this place just hits the spot when you're road-weary, hungry, hung-over, and need basic, real comfort food.  I'd suggest sticking with the soups and noodles.  The other dishes are okay, but not their strong suit, and, as other reviewers have mentioned, priced on the high side.  However, I don't mind paying $10-$12 for a big bowl of great soup in Vegas, whereas I'd be might pissed if I were charged the same in SF.  Be sure to request "No MSG."  They are very accomodating.
3	we thought noodles or congee would be a good way to soak up the alcohol after an evening of drinking.  the service here is fast, but the foods is so-so.  i agree w/ bennet a.  overpriced and underflavored.  everything we got was lacking in some flavor, even if the soup looked heavily sauced, there was not much taste.  i got the calamari rice noodle soup, which i thought would come in a clear broth, but it came in a cornstarchy soup w/ egg and green onions.  it was ok but nothing to write home about.
3	It's OK food - nothing extraordinary.  The pricing, I thought, was a bit off given the quality of food/service.The menu is pretty concise and to-the-point.  Very American palette-friendly.
3	I was slightly inebriated, so I THINK this is the restaurant I went to. hahah. I tried confirming on the Venetian website, but that thing has been down for like 2 weeks now.  Oh wait...I checked out the pictures on here and now I know it is the place I went to.  Phew. We ordered:Postickers- goodWonton Soup- didn't try it but it looked goodSpicy Beef Noodle soup- it was above average, not that spicy thoughBeef Chow Fun- pretty tastyI'm not sure if I would be more particular about it if it wasn't 2:30 in the morning.  I would come back if it was late and that was the only thing open, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
4	it's a bit pricey for chinese food....wait, heck. i'm in vegas. most things ARE pricey. their yang chow fried rice, gyozas, chinese broccoli, and soup noodles are good eats. try those if you're hungry or if you need to refuel yourself before you lose your shorts at the craps table.
4	This was our 2nd time here - both times we've been ravenously hungry so   if i had written this while i was inhaling my yang chow fried rice, seafood porridge and chicken with black bean sauce they might have received the mecca - 5 stars.alas, i am now back safely from mad chaos and in the warmth of our home...so it get a 4.food came out insanely fast...was uber delicious but left both me and hubster with "fat face" the next day....gotta love the msg.i'll be back though...bet u 4 green chips on it!
2	We came here on our first night in Vegas, as we were staying at the Venetian.  The food was cheap (for the Strip), and the quality the same.  We got a variety of dim sum items incl. bbq pork, some noodles, and won ton soup I think.  I remember the food not being particularly fresh, and perhaps even a bit cold.  Definitely not up to par for a Bay Area palette, but why'd I come to Vegas to eat "Chinese" food anyway?
3	we ate here for our last day in vegas. everyone was hung over and we needed some soup to make us feel better. i ordered the fire chicken wings which weren't spicy at all. but it wasn't bad. the dim sum was yummy because they had a good amount of shrimp inside. the duck noodle soup thing was ok. the duck was good. hot and sour soup- a bit spicy, too much pepper. and the chrysanthemum iced tea was delish.
4	Good. Reasonably priced for where it is. Best place to eat after a horrible day checking in and running around the strip in less than comfortable shoes.Pot stickers: TastyMinced beef stuff over rice: Really good. Not the taste I expected, but it grew on me.Szechuan beef soup: Delicious, but not hot enough.I'd go again.
3	Honestly, I don't think many people eat Chinese food while in Las Vegas. However - if you're with family or just have a sudden appetite for Chinese food, I would recommend Noodle Asia. The prices decent and the food is actually pretty good, for LV. Highlights are the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup, Pineapple Fried Rice, and old man Kenny, who is one of those nice old school managers. Location/ambiance - Okay, this is definitely weird since it's an "open air" restaurant in the middle of a casino.  I think it's great for business since you get the random foot traffic as well as the people who stay in the hotel.
4	If you have a craving for some Chinese food, come here. I like this place because it's one of the few Chinese restaurants on the strip that comes kind of close to tasting like it. And the price is reasonable considering where it is. Everytime I come here( I go to vegas 2 to 3 times a year), I've always had fast service. Of course it won't be as good as the restautants in the SF Bay Area though.I know they have some other 'non-Chinese' things here like sake but they have mostly Chinese dishes. This is what I ordered the last time I was there: Hot and Sour Soup(kind of spicy but I like spicy)Red Won Tons(kind of plain but not bad)Spicy Beef Tripe(this was good although I wish it warm, didn't know it was a cold dish)Si Jiu Beef(this was good)
3	Bit pricey but good.
3	We came here only because it was convenient. You know being from San Francisco, it's hard to find better Asian food anywhere else and for such a good price too. So , when we came here, I was not expecting much. I ordered the Spicy Ying Nan Rice Noodle. It came with the thicker rounded rice noodle and the broth was actually pretty good. It had the chili oil in it to make it spicy, but it wasn't the unbearable spicy though. It had this seafood meatball in it. I think it was like shrimp and fish, not sure, but it was good. We also ordered Spicy Beef Tripe, which came cold. I expected it to be warm, but it was still tasty. I only came here once the whole time we were here, but the bf came here two times during our stay. The only thing that I didn't like was the prices, I thought it was pretty pricey just for won ton noodle soup, but hey we're in Vegas,so what do you expect.
4	Very expensive but very good Chinese food. The service is fast and friendly. The food is cooked immediately and is out in minutes. On a slow day, you can see the chefs watching you eat just to make sure they didnt screw it up. If you're willing to spend the extra dough, then go here. The lines can get long though, but they move people in and out rather quick.
4	Good chinese food...pretty authentic.  It's expensive considering you're not paying for presentation or ambiance.  The service is very friendly and the food comes out fast.
4	I actually really like this place. The food is really good and it comes out really fast! They stay opened till 3am the day i went in. The waiters were really friendly. I also love how it's in the Venetian. But this isn't the place for you to take your date to!
5	My husband and I enjoy eating at Noodle Asia.  One of our favorites we like to order is their pan friend dumplings.  They are huge!  They are filled with pork and vegies.Their noodle soup, the duck and bbq pork is delicious as well.  I've tried Mama Woo's Spicy noodles soup too and it was great!
3	MSG ALERT!The Beef Szechwan noodles were good but at $13.95 a pop? I know, it's the Venetian, it's Vegas, blah blah. Forgiven.  It's just that I'm used to getting it for $4.50 at home, so the price threw me off a bit. The Red Wontons tasted exceptional: boiled pork wontons soaking in a soy sauce/vinegar/sesame oil/red chili oil/ garlic concoction. They were in fact so good, we devoured them in 3 seconds and promptly ordered another serving.The thing is, MSG in large quantities is detrimental to my looks. I bloat, retain water, get headaches and puffy eyes, not to mention a general feeling of listlessness throughout the remainder of the day. After thoroughly slurping up the entire contents of my meal, I had all of the above symptoms. And since I hadn't eaten for 3 days as I was trying to be cute and skinny in my new bikini for Tao Beach, I can safely assume this place was the culprit.Noodle Asia sabotaged my game.
3	A great place to go after the clubs, and when you need soup to help you recover from a night of to much drinking.  I don't know to much about authentic Chinese food, but this place is ok. The dim sum was pretty good.The porridge is perfect  as a hangover soup. Its yummmy!.I like the beef Szechwan noodles and rice dish.Its a good place to eat at when your looking for a quick bite to eat, especially since it's located right next to the the rooms. The only downside, the service sucks ass. The waiters are unfriendly.Its kinda pricey.
4	Pretty good food... pretty authentic its expensive but its vegas so win some money and pay... haha.... I'm really chinese so I can tell you that the food is good but its lacking in MSG. Its not as msg filled as most asian places so it tastes good but not like china-town. Most people should like this...
4	totally hidden gem!  Best Moo Shoe Pork ever....came wrapped in the pancakes and not a single pancake broke!  I'm sold!
4	I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered from here.  In my most recent trip this past weekend i had the Wonton Noodle Soup with BBQ Pork and shared dumplings with my cousins.  The dumplings were delicious and it's actually fried on all sides not just one side.  The noodle soup was tasty and they actually put a good amount of veggies.  The service is fast and this restaurant is a little tucked away next to the sports book.You can also order room service from Noodle Asia but it's not as good.  Or at least the noodle soup isn't.
4	Tried this place where most places were closed.  This place opened till like 3 AM. Anyway, I tried the duck and bbq pork over rice and my husband tried the fried noodle.  I was expecting the worst because the place didn't look too inviting.  Boy... was I wrong.  The food were good. They were better than decent. The service was mediocre but better than what I expected.  I would give it another try when I am in town.
4	Since it was approaching close to 2 in the morning when we decided to get our grub on, this was one of the few places that was still open.  I personally thought the food wasn't going to be so great, but boy was I proven wrong, it was pretty authentic Chinese food and it was goooood!I, being the fobby half asian that I am, ordered the minced beef over rice with one egg, and my friends split the chicken fried rice.  Both were very tasty and not super greasy.  Yes, the food here was a bit on the pricey side for Chinese, but since it was located in the Venetian, what do you honestly expect?  Either way, if I was drunk and hungry in the middle of the night while at the Venetian, I'd definitely come back!
4	One of the best Asian comfort food in Las Vegas, and when I mean comfort food, I mean it in a sense that when you have lost all your money at the black jack table, you want something to comfort you.  Ok enough about my bad luck in gambling and more about Asia Noodle House.  For starters, the dim sum is always good, order any of them!  My favorite dish to order is duck and bbq pork over rice.  The duck's skin is always crunchy and the bbq pork is tender and sweet.  I also tried the duck and bbq pork over noodle, but I prefer the rice instead.
4	YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We definitely needed some Asian comfort food.  Just the thought of their delicious noodle makes my mouth water.We came as a group of 7.  We had the shu mai and har gow.  They were decent.I ordered the beef stew noodles (one of my fav comfort foods) and it was really delicious and SPICY!  My friends ordered the won ton soup.  Delicious!  The fried spare rib noodles were really good too.There were soooo many items on the menu that I wanted to try.  The chicken broth... the fish congee.... even the almond tofu dessert. I will definitely stop here on my next trip to Vegas!!! Highly recommended.It's a little pricey but still affordable.
5	You have to know what to get.  I only get the beef noodle soup and it is spicy Asian divineness.  The broth is yummy, the meat is tender, and the noodles are like ramen heaven.  It's a good deal for Las Vegas so if you want a quick lunch and you're in the mood for Asian food, this is a great option.
5	I sigh, I pine, I long again to dine...I moan, I cry, I feel like I could die without...Another visit to the Las Vegas pig-out-on-authentic-Chinese-cuisine-slice-of-Heaven that has spoiled me for any other Chinese food in existence. My partner found it during one of his business trips to LV and took me for dinner the very next time we vacationed there. We've been to Sin City six times, and four out of those six, we had most of our lunches and many dinners here at Noodle Asia in the Venetian.It's not a very big place at all, and if you didn't know what to look for you'd probably just assume that it's another one of those chain places like Panda Bowl and pass it right by.And if you did that, friend, you were dead wrong. Next time, back it up and go in. It's the gastronomic equivalent of putting a quarter in the Wheel Of Fortune machine and hitting the Grand Prize.Everything is light, crispy, fresh and always served piping hot. I tend to judge any Chinese place by the quality of their egg and spring rolls, and Noodle Asia's are the kind I wish I could have shipped to my home by the dozen. Not heavy, greasy or stuffy as the more conventional egg rolls, I could just keep ordering these for the entire meal.And then the sesame peanut noodles. My GOD. Is it dessert, or is it dinner? One mouthful, and it doesn't even matter any more. Is it possible for your tongue to have multiple orgasms? I'm pretty sure mine did. Sadly, it's been a couple of years or more since our last LV visit, and I've had dreams about eating at Noodle Asia (oh, yeah, I got it THAT bad.) I've never been a real big seafood fanatic, but I'm pretty sure that those dishes are as awesome as everything else they have, and if I'm lucky, I may get to find out someday.Meanwhile, if and when you stop by this wonderful place, can you find a way to sneak some spring rolls back to me? I'd be forever in your debt...;-)
4	after clubbing at tao on friday night, a few of us passed by noodle asia on the way back to our room and decided to try it out, although we weren't sure how good an asian place in the venetian would be. it turned out to be a great choice!! here are the dishes we ordered:hong kong won ton soup: delicious!! came with a huge mass of egg noodles and several shrimp (and maybe pork?) won tonspork & special preserved egg congee: YUMhot & sour soup: a bit too sour, nothing specialbeef rice noodles (beef chow fun): a little bland but otherwise YUMMYwe tried to go again on sunday around 6 pm and there was a line so we went to the sad food court instead. :( next time i'm in vegas i will definitely stop by again for yummy chinese food!
4	Noodle Asia is great when it's the wee hours of the morning but you can't handle the idea of going to Grand Lux or a similar casino cafe. I couldn't have handled more eggs by that point! So the noodles and soup were a welcome sight. (Not to mention they sopped up all the alcohol in the stomach). The food isn't spectacular by any means but it serves a purpose. A few steps above the take out place in your hometown it works when you need it to. At about 2 am.
4	stayed at the venetian for a weekend. im so disapointed i didnt try this earlier in my stay.  came back to the hotel really drunk and hungry, we went to the cruddy pizza joint in the nearby food court.  the night we left though, we decided to try it. awww man the soup here would have definetly hit the spot after a night of drinking. beef noodle soup:  spicy broth, tender beef, good noodles. and its open late! would have really wanted to try more of the menu. we sat at the bar area and watched all the orders go out. next time im in vegas, im coming here late night forget steak and eggs.
4	i first ordered the hk wonton noodle soup because my two friends just kept talking about it... so 3 out of 4 of us ordered that.. however one of my friends wontons were very undercooked  (i only ate one wonton and i guess i was so hungry that i didnt even care to look to see if it was undercooked or not) so then i opened up another wonton and it was pink.. we flagged down what looked to be the manager and she took our noodles back and asked if there was anything else we wanted.. i didnt even like the wonton noodles that much in the first place so i decided to change my order to the curry beef brisket.. i am sOoo glad the wonton came undercooked because i loved the curry noodles!! hahaha i am definitely ordering this next time..
4	It's 2 am and you just left Tao feeling a little tipsy. Where do you go for some yummy food to soak up the alcohol? Noodle Asia! This place is centrally located next to the sports book and across from the poker room. How accommodating is that to us gambling Asians?  This place serves up noodles soup, fried rice, stir fried noodles, congee and dim sum. We sat at the counter and loved it. We had attentive service and got to watch the two old Chinese chefs wok it up. We shared the following dishes: -Won ton soup -Har gow (Steamed, crescent-shaped mini shrimp dumplings) -Red won tons (Tossed in Szechwan Hung Yao chili, garlic sauce) -Buddha's feast pan-toasted noodles The food was very authentic and made for Chinese folks. It's not a 5 star Chinese joint but it's not  that Panda Express junk made for the every day gringo. It's your typical late night Chinese cafe. Get in, get out. This place hits the spot when you've had one too many cocktails. They are open until 3 am and the best part is, there are Chinese men cooking your food! What more could you ask for?
2	Arrived outside Noodle Asia... line outside could be a good thing?  It moved quickly too, which was nice.  Tried to order a few things family style...Hot & Sour Soup - Neither hot (spicy) nor sour.Seafood Soft Noodle - this didn't taste like anything, except maybe for oil.Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice - best entree, but more sausage/egg/veggies would have been nice.Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce - Not bad.Siu Mai - Nope!  All out.Har Gow - Nope!  All out of this too.Ugh.  Nothing was terrible, but nothing was that good either.I went here since I couldn't face Grand Lux for the third time in as many days...  but afterwards I wished I had.
3	$100 dollars for 6 people at a Chinese Congee and Noodle restaurant. WOW Seriously charge more! What a RIP this place is, but it's Vegas, and why would you want to take a taxi to Asia town to get some good chinese food, when you're half drunk. Some of the stuff is pretty good, but some other dishes please send back to the kitchen. YUCK. Don't order the congee, the pot stickers, or the egg rolls. Please order the Shanghai noodles, the rice cakes, ho fun, or chow mein. Those will do wonders if you're home sick for some old fashion Chinese noodle dishes! I mean its no 5 star Chinese restaurants like we have in the SF bay area, but this will do.
3	I usually get comp rooms at the Venetian/Palazzo so I typically gamble long hours at these 2 places. I have eaten at Noodles Asia a few times due to it being a chinese restaurant and also getting comped food from the pit boss. First time I asked for a comp for 2, pit boss told me that I had $86 to blow at Noodles Asia. I was floored! I never eaten here before and was wondering how 2 people can spend $86 in a chinese restaurant, when we did not plan on ordering Shark's Fin, Abalone, Bird's Nest, Buddha Jumps Over the Wall, Sea Cucumber, you know the drill. But Yes We Can, at Noodles Asia apparently. The food isn't great, heck, I would go to Ping Pang Pong over at Gold Coast over this place anyday. But I absolutely adore the fact that they have Chicken Mushroom Ginger Soup. Oh this is the reason why I go there. The rest are just for formality. Dim dum mediocre, Fried Rice Oily, Noodles not asian enough. In fact, last Saturday, I got drunk playing Baccarat at MGM HL room and got back to the Venetian and decided to have one bowl of soup. Sure it costs $10.95, sure it's still not that good, but it is to me the best item on this menu, and that is good enough reason for me to keep coming back.For better dim sum and chinese food in general, head over to Bellagio's Noodles if you want a casino setting, or Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast. Otherwise head over to Chinatown
3	(Lets see how many times I can say noodles in this review of Noodle Asia)Noodles (1) in the Venetian is a tasty retreat for asian flare. When I was in Vegas for work a friend of mine said this place was really good and by the looks of the review everyone feels the same. The part that throws me off is the price. When I saw 2 $ signs I was like "really"? When it's $12 for mai fun noodles (2) you got to ask yourself, is this made in china then flown to Vegas to charge $12? Since it's called noodles (3) I ordered other noodles (4). What I do like about Noodles (5) is that they have noodle (6) dishes from all over asia, Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese so it makes for a good variety of noodles (7) if you're sharing food. Parking? Who needs parking when there's valet? Service? Who needs service when there's ..... dang....Well if you're in the Venetian and you feel like grabbin some noodles (8) then check out Noodles (9), bring a check and right it out to Noodles (10).....noodles (11).....Enjoy!p.s. For an asian restaurant their phone number is extremely unlucky.
2	Very bland food that was probably marked up 500%.  I'd take Panda Express any day over this place.
5	I remember this place 2 years ago when it was an overpriced, greasy sandwich/American grill place.  Now that it's a Chinese restaurant, it's a total upgrade than what it was before.  The place is small and doesn't have many tables.  We were lucky enough to get in before the lunch rush.  By the time we ordered our food, there was a long line and people were waiting for tables.The food here is delicious!!!  A bit pricey, but what do you expect from Vegas and the Venetian?  Dishes were in the $10-18 range, when you can get it at home for about half the price.  (Chicken chow mein was about $13-15).  We had lunch for 4 people and ordered Fried Rice, Chow Mein, beef tripe appetizers and spicy garlic chicken wings.  This was the best chow mein I ever had.  The noodles tasted soooo fresh and delicious.  It wasn't salty and the onions were cooked al dente (the way I like it).  The fried rice was also delicious.  It was fresh and wasn't greasy.  The spicy chicken wings were topped with fried jalapenos and garlic.... OMG! Flavor explosion!  This place is pretty authentic.  None of that Panda Express, PF Chang's bullsh*t here.I love that you can see the Chinese cooks inside the kitchen!  There was lots of steam and yelling back there, but I loved it! Hahaha..  Noodle Asia gets 5 stars because it's right off on the casino floor and a few feet from the penny slots.  While we were waiting for our food, I stepped out of the restaurant to play some penny slots for a bit.  A minute into playing, I won $60 on the penny slots!
3	Chinatown food with that Vegas KICK!Came here years ago when me and my friends were looking for some late eats. The food here was okay. Not bad for being in the middle of casino madness anyway. I guess since I'm surrounded with REAL cheap Asian food at home I found it kind of ridiculous to be paying almost $20 for a plate of chow fun that I could get back home for half that price (and that would taste even better!).This place is good if you've really got a hankering for some decent Asian food in a sea of overpriced buffets.
3	Before going downtown to throw some hard 8s & 6s at the craps table, my buddy and I decided to get a quick meal so we didn't have to eat during our all night of gaming. We found this place and decided to check it out because it seemed to have Asian patrons. We were quickly seated and ordered the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce ($10) and the spicy ying nan rice noodles ($14) and the service was very quick. The portions were decent and it wasn't as greasy compared to the true Chinese restaurants back home. The spiciness on the soup was fair and the Chinese broccoli was steamed just right where it still had a crunch. Expensive, but what do you expect in the Venetian? It's an alternative when you crave decent Chinese food on the strip late at night without driving to Chinatown.
3	Late night snack place. It hit the spot and we both had happy plates. I'd go again if I needed a quick bite to soak up all the alcohol or to fight off the lack of sleep.
3	Noodle Asia is WAAAAAY overpriced chinese food, but what isn't on the strip of Las Vegas?  The food here is DELICIOUS after night of dancing and drinking at Tao.  The Nightmarket Fried Rice will cut deep into your wallet at $14.95 for a simple plate of fried rice. But it's GOOD!Some recommendations Seafood Noodle ($16.50), Black Pepper Beef Udon ($14.95), and Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup (13.95) - super spicy!The service staff is attentive and as quick as possible.  I went late night around 3:30 am and they wanted to leave for the night but let me get my order in and was entirely accommodating.  It's definitely one of those places that you want to make sure you get to go to every time you're in Vegas :)
1	Yuck!  I can not believe this place has got some good reviews.  I was in Vegas 3 weeks ago, went to the Tao.  The alcohol in my stomach was feeling lonely so we went to Noodle Asia after leaving the club at around 12:30AM on a Saturday night.  On a busy night, I would imagine a full staff of waiters and cooks... Not this night, 2 waiters, 2 cooks and 1 hostess.  We had two couples ahead of us in line to be seated.  Wait time for a table- 50 minutes.  Time after ordering our food until it arrived to our table- 45 minutes.  Time to eat-5 minutes flat.  Time it took for the waiter to take to print out our check- 15 minutes.    The soup I ordered tasted like dish wash water.  Service-  abrupt/borderline rudeNext time, I'll skip this joint and opt for room service.
3	He said, "So since we slept through our reservations at Alex..by the time we got up and decided where to eat it was 1am...so we scampered over to the Venetian...I had some chicken fried rice and it was good. This place is more for hardcore Asian food eaters...I mean I ate my food because we haven't had food since noon. But I wouldn't recommend it for an actual lunch or dinner...its like late night food...maybe if your drunk."She said, "I'm not much of an 'asian food fan' so i wasnt really sure what to order so i asked the waiter. He suggested the won ton noodle soup, said it was the most popular on the menu. The soup/noodles were really good but i didnt like the shrimp/pork dumplings that were in it. I actually spit it out. This is more of a night late food stop for random drunkees that walk through the casino. There was a bar and grill a few more walks down in the casino, we should have gone there."
4	This place services tasty dim sum until 3am.  The bartender at the sports book next door agreed with me that Noodle Asia is the best restaurant at The Venetian.The shu mai and har gow are fantastic.  I usually get a beef dish over rice (can't think of the name) that is my favorite.  The service is very fast.I have eaten here at least 10 times and never had a sub-par experience so I would have to say they are very consistent.  The only thing they have done consistently that I have laughed about is that they always forget to give me a pen to sign the check with.  When I ask for a pen, they always say "not again".  Oh well.  I am never in a hurry near 3am.
3	This place is has surprisingly good chinese food, but it's waaaaayyyyy overpriced.  But I eat here anyway since it's close to TAO and I'm usually way to drunk to stumble any further for food.
4	Everytime I have come to Vegas, I always eat here. Their food is fast and good! I'm Chinese so I know! Just a little overpriced considering it's Chinese food.
4	Since we always stay at the Venetian when we go to Vegas, I've hit this spot many times. Food in consistently good, there are a few items that are really good (spicy ying nan noodle, beef rice noodle (add a little soy sauce) and the dim sum). It's also conveniently located close to the poker room. Good hangover food. The service is also consistently slow. It's your typical Chinese restaurant service, so when you need something you just need to be vocal!
3	this place is ok. nothing has ever been bad, just rather eat somewhere else. but if you've been gambling too much and just need some quick cheap asian food... noodles asia isnt bad!
3	Not bad spot for some late night munchies. This place is pretty pricey for some Asian food, but what isn't in the Venetian. Thanks to the reviews on Yelp I went with the Szechuan beef noodle soup. The broth on that was on point, but DAMN for $17?!?! Yeah I would stop by again to put something in the stomach when one may have in taken one to many drinks.
5	I've only been to 3 noodle places in Vegas, but Noodle Asia has been the best so far.  The others I've tried are Noodles at Bellagio and Beijing Noodle #9 at Caesars.It seems like we always go here on a late Friday night after coming from the airport.  The dishes I've had have all been really good.  The noodles in the Szechwan Beef are amazing..  really fresh.  The Chicken Stir-Fried Soft Noodles are pretty good.  Probably my favorite is the Buddha Feast Pan-Toasted Noodles.  My gf gets it all the time cuz it's vegetarian, but you can add meat (I like mine with chicken..  it comes out to be the same price as the Chicken Stir-Fried Soft Noodles).  Every time I get something other than that, I end up wishing I'd just gotten it instead.Noodles at Bellagio also has pan-toasted noodles.  I think they call it Hong Kong style noodles, or Cantonese noodles, or something like that.  I don't know whether it was a fluke, but contrary to Noodle Asia's, they were gross.  Extremely salty.  Like salty enough for your mouth to feel like it's getting too much salt, and for you to wonder whether your blood pressure will be adversely affected by it.  blech.Back to Noodle Asia.  They run a tight ship.  Service is prompt and good.  You can see them cooking your food.  The food is good.  It might seem a little pricey for what it is, but it's worth it I think.  All around an excellent place.
2	My stir fried noodles were a-ok...until I felt sick no less than ten minutes later. I wouldn't have been as upset had I not just paid $16 with tax and tip for a half a plate of noodles and a stomachache. After all, I prefer to end my nights in Vegas next to the toilet, not start with it. There are better (and cheaper) places than this.
2	Alright food... a tad bit over priced.. and bad service!!! It took us about 15min to get water(which tasted nasty!), 15min to take our order, 20 more minutes to get our order.... and another 20min to get the bill! And it's not even like they're that damn busy!! Oh well...  It did the job of recharging us before the festivities that night, so whatever! ;-) ...now would I come back again? Probably would, but wouldn't be my first choice!
3	The good: Soups. The hot and sour soup is delicious, as are the noodle soups. The duck and pork noddle soup is exceptional.  The noodle soups are about $15 and very filling.The bad: Prices. It's expensive. However, you're int he Venetian - whaddaya expect?It's no frills, pretty good food, that's pretty expensive. The stir friend noodle dishes are pretty good, but not as good as the soups.
2	Got the Szechwan Beef noodle soup.  Supposed to be a Mama Wu specialty, whatever that means. It was spicy but not very tasty.  Beef was bland.  Noodles were just noodles to me. Also tried the Buddah Feast Pan-Tossed Noodles which were not too bad but nothing special.Service was not very good. Our waiter was in such a hurry to get our order, just forget about asking any questions regarding the menu. When he dropped off our food and drink he never came by to check on us.  Had I known I wouldn't be getting drink refills, I would of chosen a milder soup.Here's the deal:Open late - GoodFood - EhhhPrice - Too much for Ehhh tasting foodService - What service?I would think this be a much better joint since it's in the Venetian.  It's good that it's open late and you are in the mood for noodles.  But really, there's just no reason for me to come back.
4	I was pretty happy with my dining experience here.  We came here the morning we left and we wanted something close and in our hotel.  My cousin had mentioned this noodle asia place and it was her place to go to every time she's here so we figured why not!We got here around the time they opened and shortly they were packed!!I got the Beef Noodle Soup which is very much like the taiwanese style beef noodle soup and i wasn't disappointed at all!  A little oilier than what I'm used to but the broth seemed cleaner than what I'm also used to which was a plus!  They weren't shady on the beef either!  The bowl was a little pricey of course!  But hey, being in the Palazzo, what do you expect. My pretty little beef noodle soup cost me $17 with tax and tip!  Yikes!  Being asian, I know that I can get a bowl like this for $7 but oh well, it's vegas!My cousin got the duck noodle soup and she said her duck was really salty.My other friend who came along got the shanghai noodles which looked way too oily for me!
3	its over priced, but when youre craving some fried rice (salty fish)at like 3 am oh man it hits the spot....thats all i remember having....thank you venetian for taking my money, but i do love your suites!!!!
5	I have eaten at Noodle Asia probably over 20 times.  I have had everything from the shanghai style rice cake and noodle, beef chow fun, beef szechuan noodle soup (Mama Wu's special), spicy cucumber, jelly fish, seafood curry noodles,  and at least three of the fried rice dishes.  This is my favorite noodle place in Vegas and is one that I usually go to at least 2-3 times when I'm out there.  Its open from the 10am till 3am so you can get your favorite chinese food whenever you want.  The line is usually long, however, they do have a carry out.  The people that work there are pretty much the same people for the at least the past three years or so.  The service is excellent and they know what they are doing.  Whenever someone asks for good chinese food, I always recommend Noodle Asia.  The dishes lean more on the real chinese dishes.  Which means you won't find dishes like general tso's chicken or sesame beef on the menu.  However, it should be a must-try if you are serious about food.  Can get slighly oily at times but that should be expected.  Oh, did I say the portions are large?  Slightly more expensive than say chinese off the street but well worth it for a noodle house in a great hotel next to the sportsbook.
4	the BEST place to eat after 1 a.m. :) if you haven't tried their Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup then try that first (or have at least one person from your group order this dish) my second favorite dish: mooshoo chicken/pork. chinese style burritos with hoison saucetrust me... you won't be disappointed. we stop by everytime we're in vegas... just like the regulars stop by el taurino in L.A. we stop by here in vegas :) hopefully you like it as much as we do.
5	Chinese restaurant in the Venetian?  Probably overpriced and not authentic, right?  Wrong!Noodle Asia is as authentic as you will get on the Las Vegas Strip.  Sure, the food is pricey, but is worth it if you are away from home and seriously craving Chinese food.  Actually, this place is better than some of the Chinese restaurants in the SF Bay Area.  My Mom gave the owner a thumbs up which says a lot as she owned a Chinese restaurant with Dad for almost 20 years.Minced beef with egg rice was on hitShanghai rice cakes were almost as good as Mom'sSingapore Mei Fen (name on menu but most of us probably know it as Singapore Chow Mi Fun) was equally deliciousWill definitely come here again the next time I'm in Vegas
3	Noodle Asia is inside the Venetian Hotel, in the corner of the Casino near the Sports Book. It should be called Noodle China. 95% of the dishes are some variety of Chinese food, be it Shanghainese, Taiwanese, Cantonese. Sure, they throw in a couple of Japanese things, like Edamame appetizer, and something that is wok fried udon? (More typically, this would be yakisoba, or fried soba noodles). And they do have at least 1 Korean dish, Kimchee! I didn't see any Viet noodles, Thai noodles, Korean noodles, Singaporean noodles, or more Japanese noodles, etc. The atmosphere is casual, with an open view of the large woks in the kitchen, with the water flowing over the cooking area to remove all the grease and tidbits spilled in the stir-fry cooking process, just like a Chinatown kitchen. The food isn't bad actually. The green veggie of the day was a choice of Gai Lan (Chinese Broccoli) or Baby Bok Choy. I went for the Bok Choy. NIce small baby stems. I also ordered a bowl of Nau Nam Mein Curry Soup, or Brisket of Beef Curry Noodle Soup, It hit the spot and warmed me up, as I was chilled by the overactive air-conditioning in the Venetian. I don't know how those cocktail waitresses in the skimpy, short , sleeveless, bar wench dresses can stand the chill. Their dual weather barometers definitely would perk up in the nippyness.  Mine did!I also ordered an oolong tea, which came in a cast iron Japanese style tea pot. The service is just a little friendlier than a Chinatown diner. But they are strict about waiting to be seated! IF you seat yourself, they may call you out on it! There is a bar you can eat at and watch the cooks, or plenty of tables where you can watch the gamblers and those freezing waitresses. So Oolong tea, baby bok choy, and Brisket of Beef Curry Noodle soup. Sounds like about $10 in your typical Chinatown, right?This is Vegas baby, try and guess again. Go higher, way higher! How about $30!?For one person?!? WTF! If you are a cheap Chinese person raised in Chinatown or FOB, or if you are less than fourth generation ABC, don't go here! You will feel ripped off!  This is not Hon's Won Ton on Kearney in SF for sure! Tea: $3.50Stir Fried Bok Choy: $12.00Curry Beef Noodle Soup: $12.95Tax: $2.30Total $30.75!You are better off driving down Spring Mountain just outside of the Venetian, due west to about Valley View, and go to Las Vegas' Chinatown. (Actually, unlike Noodle Asia, you can get Viet, Korean, Thai, and most of the other noodles of Asia from there.)
4	There are quite a variety of reviews for this place, but our experience was quite good. We went with a guy who's been here a few times so we took his lead. Two of us had Szechwan Beef Noodles and two of us had Spicy Ying Nan Rice Noodle. The food went beyond my expectations, everything being freshly prepared...the noodles had some zip. The open kitchen reinforced that freshly prepared concept.It IS on the pricier side (i.e., compared to chinatown), but for us it was perfect. A quick, clean, hearty, not-too-greasy, late-night meal before heading out.I'll be back.
4	I don't care.  I will eat bbq pork and duck over lo mein everyday, every meal in Vegas.If you were only open when I really need you, like 4AM with a bellyfull of vodka, I'd never go to strip clubs.  Baby bok choy or a lap dance... I choose you, bok choy... I choose you.
3	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 7I love me some noodles!Looked like any other fast food noodle joint but with a very distinct McDonalds layout to it. Now that I think about it.... WTF did I eat? I know Ed went on and on about lo mein that he's been dreaming of for the longest time. But now that I think about it, I had pan friend chow mein something or another and perhaps  more noodles prepared one way or another. Can't go wrong with noodles. I am pretty sure I ordered lack luster sio mai as well. All in all it wasn't bad since I'm sure that it probably tasted 5x as good as it was greasy. I dont know but I got an extra hour to eat my noodles before the alcohol swept me up in her sweet morning embrace. ;D
3	great for hangovers when you do not want to drive outside the strip. it's a bit pricy, but the food comes out fast and it's pretty damn good. the service is like any other asian restaurant which is fast, rude, and kind of annoying...or i maybe saying that because every time i come here i'm realllly hungover haha.
3	The Good: It's Chinese food open late when your're hungry and craving something greasy.The Bad: It's Vegas so the prices are range from $10 to $20.  There isn't much variety and the food isn't as good as Chinese food you can find back home for half the price.Try: chicken lettuce wraps.  That's always good.Don't Try: this place during lunch or dinner hours.  There are plenty of other places open that are far better than this.
4	i will always have to come here at least once every time i visit Vegas! an alternative for drunk late night eating steak & eggs! it's not the fanciest place so don't expect a whole lot. the prices are a bit over priced for a chinese place but its Vegas!+duck, yummm-o+fried rice, yummmy!+soups, mouth is watering!
4	I cannot believe I have not reviewed Noodle Asia until now.  I eat here at least twice every time I'm in Vegas.  To be honest, the last time I was there, there was some lack in consistency.  Still, this place brings a smile to my face.  When it is good, it is very good. Winners: The Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup, congee, and pan fried noodles.  Yum!
4	I was very impressed by this place. My dad and I were scrambling to find a decent restaurant that we'd like as we wandered through the Palazzo and the Venetian. And then finally we ended up at Noodle Asia and were quite satisfied.The prices were understandable since it was inside the Venetian (GORGEOUS hotel by the way) so we were fine with that.We ordered two dishes, one was the shrimp won ton noodle soup and the other was the bbq pork and roasted duck over rice. They were both DELICIOUS! The taste was very authentic and the portions were a good size.The only downside to this place is the service. It's pretty sub-par only because it gets really busy and the servers don't really check up on you after the food arrives. They also use tea bags in the teapot which I thought was lame and unauthentic but the food made up for everything else.
4	They offer good and real Chinese food. The wonton is really good. The only bad thing about this place is the price. Well, this is Vegas and it's inside the Venetian.
3	unimpressive service with tasty food and extra hair.i'm still kind enough to give tips and 3 stars for this restaurant, just because we love the fried rice here.
3	went here for dinner, plan to come back :)most of my friends got the schezuan beef noodle soup. but my stomach was feeling weird so i ordered porridge, but the porridge was pretty good too, so i was stil happy :) :)i tried some of my friend's soup, and it is veryyy spicy but flavorful :9 next time i go, i am totally getting that.porridge was pretty filling. it's really not that different from any other porridge you get from chinese restaurants. it had it's own flavor, but i wanted a bit more so i added some soy sauce. it was only $11 too :)service wasn't great. i ordered fish porridge and my friend ordered beef porridge. they brought it over saying "fish" but it was beef. so i gave it to my friend. then another waiter came saying "beef" and it was beef again. so he took it back. a different waiter brought my fish. and then the previous waiter came back with another fish haha. so yeah, their communication between themselves obviously isn't great :T a lot of waiting involved. like 30 (maybe more) minutes of waiting in line outside. and waiting for a long time for our food after ordering :T sucked because we were starving! so don't go if you don't have time and also if you're really hungry... you will wait A LOT.
3	When you eat at Noodle Asia in the heart of the casino in the Venetian Hotel and Casino, you will come here knowing you will get great tasting Asian Food at very inflated price$.We were a group of four people and we were seated right away on a late Saturday night....The Service was excellent because I usually measure it by the fact all of our drink glasses were always full.  The attentiveness of staff was 5 Yelp Stars through and through.  I guess we got them on a good night, after reading other Yelp reviews of their service.The Food was also excellent. Our group ordered 3 appetizers consisting of shoi mai, pot stickers, and wonton yumminess. (Sorry...I don't remember the name of the wonton dish) I ordered my favorite dish of minced beef with egg on rice and everyone else ordered some 3 different noodle soups which they told me was very good for their Americanized tastes.The Price was OMG - HIGH - $25 per person, not including tip!!  When I eat at any Asian food place, I am really driven by price. I guess it is because I know I can get good Asian food without breaking your wallet.  But I knew about the pricing before I went into the restaurant.  It was really out of sheer convenience of not wanting to leave the hotel for something to eat.  it really was the BEST place for us to eat at the Venetian Hotel & Casino.Five Yelp Stars for the Food and Service. One Yelp Star for the price.  I will give the Noodle Asia Restaurant an average of Three Yelp Stars for my visit.
3	We had late lunch, around 3 pm, at Noodle Asia.  Reasonable prices. Authentic chinese food.  Good hargow and lo mein.  They just need to teach the busser to ask first if we are done with our dishes before he decides to take them away.  Saying "excuse me" would also be nice.  Food was good though so yeah, I can eat here again.
4	This place was really good...probably the best meal we had in Las Vegas and we ate at a lot of places.  I ordered the Spicy Ying Nan soup -- it was very flavorful but be careful if you're weirded out by seafood.  There were fish balls, squid balls, and shrimp in it.  Imagine a meatball made out of ground fish and squid (calamari).  They were fine though.  My friend ordered the Won Ton soup and it was really good too.  Give this place a try!  They were open until 3 am and packed!
2	The Schezuan Beef soup had a pretty thick layer of oil floating on top. While some people love this, it's not really my thing. I ordered potstickers, and while they were good, they were coated with a pretty thick layer of grease, too (hasn't this place ever heard of blotting?!).The food arrived pretty quickly, but that's because I went in as soon as it opened. Service was average, food was average. The restaurant is located next to the poker tables, so if you're at the Venetian and want some Asian food, it's pretty convenient.
2	My dan dan noodles should've been called bland bland noodles.  My friends won ton's soup was no different that the one's you can get at your local chinese restaurant.  The service was slow although it was not busy at all.  Nothing special about this place, but I guess it's convenient if you're staying at the Venetian and you want Asian food.. otherwise this place was a big BLAH!
2	located off the casinos, below tao, in the venetian , through the woods...you will find noodle asia - the noodle house that all your asian friends talk about, and that is how you have validated the quality....except for this time...Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup - is , eh disappointing to say, but nothing close to all the hype that it has been built up to. its very salty, the noodles seems as though its been hand made (a lot like korean kal gook soo) yes the beef is tender, the soup is sour / salty.if you really want it to hit the spot, pack yourself some korean cup onoodles and order in some hot water through room service.
5	Hungover from the night before, the wonton soup was PERFECT.  Just what I needed and really really delicious.  At $9.50, I was glad to get such a filling delicious meal for "Vegas-cheap".The oolong tea was good, in a cast iron teapot.Also got the Siu Mai dumplings, which were okay (3 stars), but not necessary since the soup was so good and filling.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm *definitely* going to Noodle Asia for a bowl of hot soup!Friends had the Beef soup that everyone seemed to have and really loved it (even my picky friend who was going to send it back because she didn't like the way it looked, took one sip and loved it)Wait staff was fine, no complaints there, food came out fast and hot.
4	3.5 stars rounded up for the full-Asian staff of cooks and friendly service.Ate here twice while staying at The Palazzo. Enjoyed the spice and the noodles.  Here's the drill:-Spicy Asian Cucumber: I was hoping for some Kim Chi style cucumber; it wasn't, but it was decent and quite spicy.-Har Gow (dim sum): very fresh tasting, only a nicely steamed shrimp inside.  Simple but good.-Siu Mai (dim sum): Meat and shrimp inside; more flavorful than the Har Gow but not as fresh tasting-Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup: "Damn, Chen that is some greasy shit!" Beef was tender, noodles were boring, soup was a greasefest.-Spicy Ying Ran Rice Noodle: My favorite dish! Vermicelli with shrimp in a chicken broth with chili paste. That's according to the menu; according to my bowl, we also had scallops and other random fish.  So flavorful!-XO Shrimp Lai Fen: Rice noodles, with perfectly cooked, plump shrimp in an XO spicy sauce. Yummy!-Black Peppered Beef Udon: Great taste, especially with added chili paste.Yummy tea in a heavy-ass cauldron of a teapot!I'd go again; not too expensive and full of flavor. Just watch out for that "greasy shit!"
4	Let's just put it this way, I had the fried rice two different times over the course of 4 days.  Definitely the best fried rice I've ever had.  Also, this place is very reasonably priced for Vegas and the dishes are big enough to share.  I highly recommend it!  Someone else said they ate there at 3AM.  I definitely walked by at 1AM and they were closed...otherwise I might have eaten there 3 times.  :)  So yeah, if you're staying at the Venetian, this place is worth a taste.
3	Make sure to get the Red Won Tons.  Food here is pretty good overall.  There is always a long line which is a good sign.  It's not that bad of a wait, so stick it out.  Stir-Fried Chinese Greens of the Day is excellent and I always get the Dan Dan Noodles.  Extra spicy.... Every time I'm in Vegas, we always go here at least once.....
4	Love this place.I like to eat here at about 2am to get me fueled for the rest of the night.I love the Har Gow and Black Peppered Beef Udon. One of the best I've had anywhere.The place is open to the casino and you can see the sports betting screens. Service is quick but they do take a bit longer to get you your bill so you can go and lose all your money in the casino.
3	We ate here a couple of times while staying at the Palazzo. The decor and ambiance aren't anything special, but that is not the draw, its the noodles. My two favorite noodles were the spicy ying ran rice noodle and the XO shrimp lai fen. Both had intense flavors and were probably enough to share. Stay away from the szechwan beef noodle soup. I think that was really greasy beef, or all gelatinous fat. Just not right. Service was fast and efficient. It does get pretty busy around lunch so get there early.
4	It's hard to find good Congee, even in Chinatown (CA) ... so to my surprise we find it in a restaurant at the Venetian (NV).  I ordered the pork and special egg Congee, which was fantastic.  It's a bit pricey but i think worth the bank (the congee and noodles).  Their dimsum was overpriced and so was the fried rice.  I also ordered a side of jellyfish salad, YUM!If you're craving great Chinese food (like, REAL CHINESE FOOD... no panda nonsense) and don't plan to leave the strip, this is your best bet :)
2	This place gets pretty crowded, but I wouldn't recommend coming here. It's good for something fast and convenient (since I was staying at the Venetian). The prices are pretty ridiculous for Chinese food. I mean 15-20 bucks per dish. I mean I guess it is Vegas & everything is expensive. We shared the Shanghai rice cakes, Singapore noodles, and chicken fried rice. Bland, bland and bland. I mean it was edible, but Chinese food is suppose to be BURSTING with flavor! I would suggest if you want some good Chinese food to leave the strip and go to Spring Mountain Road and you'll find TONS of Chinese/Vietnamese restaurants that are so much better and CHEAPER!
3	If you're at the Venetian and you need a quick and tasty meal, Noodle Asia is your best bet.The Venetian/Palazzo is great for fine dining, but it doesn't have a lot of mid range dining options.  Noodle Asia is great for filling your stomach and satisfying your culinary cravings without breaking the bank.It has a very typical "in casino" atmosphere, just feet from the extended poker room.  You are always reminded of the fact that you are dining in a casino.  The food is good, albeit overpriced.  We paid $8.50 for a dim sum dish that would normally be $4.00.Whatever.  You're in Vegas and you're on the strip and it's 11pm.  I really like Noodle Asia, but in reality, I only eat there if I'm about to hit the Venetian poker room.  The food is good, but overpriced.  The location is great, but you are sure to hit a mixture of bachelorette parties and locals trying to get a decent bit to eat.
4	Im a fan of good chinese. i must say the wonton soup was loaded with big fat wontons 8 of them and the pan fried noode dish with chicken was awesome.. i went twice.. Worth every penny!
2	For a chinese person like me, this place is blah.... I definately had better. It is definately over priced, but hey, we're in Vegas and it's in the Venetian so what can I say. I know we all sometimes want that late night fix and noodles always sounds good and Noodle Asia is the only noodle place that i know of and it opens late. Vegas really need a 24 hour pho restaurant. I dont know about the "Pho at the coffee shop" in Treaure Island, it just doesnt sound good.
5	Best Szcehwan Beef Noodle Soup I've Ever Had.This place is officially a staple of my Vegas trips.  The service straight sucks.  The food is expensive for Chinese.  The wait can get a little long.  The Szcehwan Beef Noodle soup is effing legit.  It doesn't just hit the spot after an alcohol marathon, it finds the spot and smashes it with a sledge hammer.  Spicy broth.  Soft noodles.  Tender meat.  The kimchee is $6.50.  Yes, I know that is expensive kimchee.  And yes, I order it every time (and side note: Noodles at Bellagio has $7 kimchee, I will never order it again).  It's also right next to the sports book so you can catch a glimpse of some of the games, which is a plus in my book.Warning: if you bring Chinese people with you, you will probably hear about how unauthentic and expensive this place is for the duration of your entire meal.  The kitchen is open, so you can see all the cooks and they're Chinese.  Rub that one in.True story: I tried to bribe the guy $100 to reopen the restaurant 5 minutes after it closed at 3am.  He thought about it.  For maybe 30 seconds.  Then we were forced to leave empty handed to the terribleness that is Grand Lux Cafe.  Never again.
4	Went to Noodles Asia, late one night.  Love how they are open till 3:00 AM.  Had a group of eight the service was very quick, we sat down ordered and food came right out.  I ordered the Mixed Seafood Pan-Toasted Noodles it was very good, piping hot I burnt my tongue.  I did think it was pricey but then again your in Las Vegas isn't EVERYTHING :-)
3	After a disastrous poker session at the poker room I decided to get some of my losses back in noodle form. It was 11 PM and I needed something to keep me full until I decide to quit my dreams of becoming a professional poker player and go to sleep. I decided on the Si Jiu Beef Noodles. It had marinated beef, pan fried noodles, and veggies. The waiter said it was normally very spicy so I decided to order it mild since I sweat like crazy with spicy food. Unfortunately it was so mild that I didn't taste any of the spiciness at all. What I did taste was pain from the fresh pan fried noodle center. This was a dish to be eaten slowly! I ended up burning my mouth a little but I needed to get back in to the action.Pro-tip: If you play poker, talk to the poker room boss for a food voucher.
3	If you're desperate for food or got a major case of the munchies after a night of heavy drinking, I can understand how you would love this place.Otherwise, there isn't much to love here.The budget conscious won't like the price tag and the health conscious won't like the...fat...lard...that ridiculously thick fatty sauce that they put on my crunchy noodles with seafood.They do have crunchy noodles which you can't get at just any chinese restaurant, but they spoil the crunchiness by drenching them in so much sauce that they get soggy.Get ready for a debilitating food coma after you done.Food came out quickly and the service was very prompt and to the point which I liked.The crunchy noodles were good, the stuff on top that made the noodles not crunchy was pretty nasty.
1	I can't believe I  paid $13 for a bowl of beef noodle soup!! But alas, I only have myself to blame. After us ladies got tired of the crowd at Tao, we were pretty famished! This place is inside The Venetian so it was right there. Just as we were seated the waiter rushed us to order because the kitchen was closing. I can't believe how rude he was! He even snatched the menu from my friends' hand as she was still ordering. Unbelievable!!Our food was just average, nothing mind blowing to me. I was a little tipsy but the waiter killed my buzz so there was nothing fooling me. The expensive food, I can let slide, but the horrible service we got is just not acceptable!
3	This place was pretty good. We were walking around and some of us wanted Asian food. This is the place especially when you want some quick bite to eat.
1	I give the restaurant 1 star not for the food - the noodle dish I had with bbq pork and shrimp with a light curry sauce was perfectly cooked and the jasmine tea was hot and plentiful. But the lack of customer service was abysmal. I was by myself and it was 2 pm and not too busy (restaurant was half full), but once I got my food that was the end of seeing my server or anyone else.  I sat staring at the wall for 45minutes after finishing eating before I finally had to practically tackle someone who was not my server to ask for the check.  I was so mad at that point that I paid the bill - with no tip and left.  Gigantic customer service fail...
4	I had the spicy yin nan rice noodle. Friends has the beef noodle soup and wonton noodle soup and the food was good. The prices are expensive if you compare them to back home. But for Vegas, it's considered cheap. I'd definitely be back here to eat, hit the spot.
3	Group had after clubbing munchies and we didn't want to drive to Chinatown so went to Noodle Asia.  The food is tasty but they really need to easy up on the salt. We ate family style. One friend ordered the wonton soup, which was okay, I'm not really a wonton soup kind of gal but it was the cleanest (sorry there's a word in my culture that I can't find in English that accurately describes the broth ppl that are Taiwanese and Chinese know what I mean). Another friend ordered pai goo noodles, which was pretty good. Another friend order the beef noodle soup and the noodles were good but it's on the spicy side and I think a little less salt would be better. My friend did try to get more soup for her beef noodle soup but they said they were charge just for the soup.  Booo. So we opted out. She also ordered the blacked peppered beef udon, which really aren't really udon noodles, since this place is mainly Chinese influenced food and not really Japanese and that was just okay.  I ordered the Shanghai rice cake dishes, which was good but a little too salty. And another friend ordered the pork and special preserved egg congee, which was good but the pork was also too salty. Since I try not to overeat since I'm an old lady now and don't want tummy issues before bed I didn't puff up the next day. But some of the others gals puffed up a bit from the salt the next day.
2	Had the Szechwan beef noodle soup and it was disappointing. The noodles don't have the right texture and the broth is boring. I didn't expect much from this place to begin with, but it was below my already lowered expectations. Not worth $13. Save your money and go elsewhere. The only nice thing is it's open until 3 a.m.
5	Oh my dear LORD how does such perfect soup exist?!At 2am, there was a line to get into this noodle house.  And rightfully so!  Situated next to the poker room, it beckoned me..."You know you're starving...and you just won a $600 pot!  You can afford $15 soup..."I chose Roasted Duck and BBQ Pork Soup.  It was beautiful.  Glistening, fatty duck and lean slices of BBQ pork floating among baby bok choy over thin egg noodles.  Clean, clear, deep-colored broth...not the oily kind commonly found in your average Chinese restaurant.I enjoyed every slurp, every morsel.  It will now become my post-poker ritual at the Venetian from now on.  Absolute perfection.
2	I had the Pho here and for the price-taste ratio for the Pho. It's terrible. If it was cheaper, it would be better. Then again, it's the Venetian. Everything is expensive. I would stay away from this place unless you love spending money for overpriced food.
1	I ate here on two separate trips to Vegas this year and my experience went from bad to worse. I gave noodle Asia the benefit for the doubt and went a 2nd time in June and this is by far the WORST Chinese food I have EVER had ANYWHERE. My gf and I just about hurled our food when we tasted it and at 45 bux for 2 it was beyond overpriced. Hell I wouldn't pay 5 bux for the plate. The wonton soup was disgusting I swear the meat was raw.The iced tea tasted like poor tap water.The fried rice was bland and the chicken in it tasted/felt just about raw or barley cooked.The chicken noodles where pretty much all grease I couldn't even taste the chicken which again was barley cooked and tasted funky. I ordered the same thing both times to ensure it wasn't a fluke and I LOVE Chinese and Asian cuisine in general (yes I know the noodles and wonton is very common but it was highly recommend to me so I had to try it) and this place gives me the shivers when I think about it. I love the venetian hotel (stayed there 3 times) and I am baffled as to why the allow this sub-par (to say the least) restaurant to continue wasting space there.
3	I have to admit...I was fairly impressed that you could actually find decent Asian food at a hotel eatery.  I used to think that these joints were only offered by hotels as a way to satisfy their Asian clientele from overseas.  I mean, all those old Asian guys gotta find something to remind them of home while they take a break from Pai Gow right?Prices are a bit steep relative to normal Asian places, but obviously there's going to be a premium for being where you're at.  They're probably betting that you're not going to go out somewhere off the strip in search of cheaper Chinese food in that desert heat.  And being a casino, they're taking the smart bet.  At least they don't cheat you on your order; portions are still pretty respectable.For an appetizer, we grabbed the Spicy Tofu dish off the little menu card in those plastic holders on the table. I was expecting to get cubes, but it turned out to be thin slices off a tofu block that had been stir fried and then triangled. There were approximately 10 slices or so, and the whole thing was spiced up wtih chili oil sauce.  Taste was pretty good and there was certainly a bit of kick, but there had to be just based on the amount of that oil on the plate.  Seriously, I imagine a little part of health freaks would die if they saw this dish (i wonder if I should even bother calling it a "sauce").  The Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup (Niu Lo Mein?...not sure of the spelling) was touted by one of my friends as possibly the best he's ever had outside of Taiwan (and apparently, one of the the spiciest based on the beads of sweat rolling down his head).  Three of the four of us ended up getting it based on how much he kept talking about the dish (my other friend ordered the Cantonese Beef Stew instead).  The broth was flavorful and it didn't seem too bad with the sodium level.  Certainly no worse than the average bowl of pho.  There were some good size chunks of meat to go with the noodles, so it certainly will help get you full.Not too bad of a find for a hotel eatery, especially if you want to lay off some of that rich food in the buffet.  Three stars if only because I can't afford to give one more after all these inflated prices.  That said, it's still probably one of the more cost effective meals you can find, so you could do worse in that regard.  And btw, that broth really isn't all that spicy, so I don't think you have to worry about sweating like my friend.
2	Sorry Howard, but gotta disagree with you on this place.  Well, okay partly disagree with you.  It is indeed very expensive.I came here for some late night eats.I split the following with the gf:  Hong Kong Won Ton (just okay), Shanghai Rice Cake (Shanghai cabbage with seasoned pork, wok-tossed in a mild soy sauce - the rice cakes were overcooked.  I like 'em much firmer), and Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice (With egg whites and thinly sliced Chinese broccoli stems - not bad).Add in 2 very small chrysanthemum teas and you easily rack up $48 bucks and some change sans tip.  For that amount, you can feast.  Not worth it.  At least for me.
4	this place definitely has the best asian food in all of vegas! and what better way to top off your night after clubbing at tao then to have some noodles at noodle asia??i've been here about 4 times, couple times drunk and tired after clubbing, and another couple times the morning after...hungover and looking for a hot brothy soup to wake me up.the Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup is my favorite. the broth is flavorful and kinda tangy.. and the fried rice here is good too. the beef rice noodles are a good choice too if your not really in the mood to drink soup.obviously this isnt gonna be the best noodle house out there, but its pretty dang good considering its in a vegas hotel, on the strip, in the middle of nowhere, in nevada.
4	very good.  came out here on business with a colleague.  went for dinner and had fried rice and a beef dish.  very good.  so good we went back for lunch the next day before leaving town.  most awesome fried rice.  the chicken noodle dishes are fantastic also.  very good place and i beleive it was tucked away inside the venetian.  when  you are done with this meal walk to the gellato store in the venetian for an 8.00 cone of heaven.  wow.  good stuff all around.
4	I only tried one thing here... the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup. It was so flavorful and delicious. There was just the right amount of spice in the sauce that gave it a slight tang that put it over the top for me. The noodles themselves were perfect. They weren't too soft or too hard. The only thing I didn't like was having to pay $14 for beef noodle soup.
3	won ton soup 4.5 starsshanghai noodles 3 starsszechaun noodles 4 stars (perfect texture)would come back for won ton soup and szechuan noodles.  I didn't like the shanghai noodles because it was very carby and lacked the protein that my body needed, it was good but its just a preference thing.
4	Okay, I'll admit it's a bit overpriced for what it is.  HOWEVER...it's cheaper than a lot of other places you could eat on the strip for pretty damn good noodles.The thing to get here is the Szechuan beef noodle soup.  For some unknown stupid reason I decided to try something different and get the Spicy Ying Nan noodles (since the waiter recommended it and I knew I could steal a taste of the beef noodles from my husband's bowl).  The broth for the spicy noodles was tasty, but I much prefer the noodles in the beef noodle soup.  We also had an order of the shrimp shumai which was also excellent.Definitely a must-try in Vegas!  Dress casually; it's a casual dining restaurant in the Venetian (over by the sports betting).
4	This is about as authentic as you can get for Hong Kong style noodles and rice dishes. Just take a look! Most of the customers are Asian; most of the wait staff is Asian and of course the 4 chefs/cooks are Asian.Yes, it costs more since it is in the Venetian but by the time you get in a cab or drive to Chinatown, you have wasted precious time away from strip. I recommend any of the noodle or rice dishes - big dishes too. What is more impressive is the dim sum. They have it ready to steam and it comes out fresh. And the additional bonus - cleaner than those chinatown establishments.
5	Absolute heaven! Come to this place to get a break from all the bland buffet food available on the strip. The Szechuan Beef Noodle soup is absolutely DELICIOUS! Not quite as good as what I can get in Taiwan - but comes pretty close. The pineapple seafood fried rice is pretty tasty also. I definitely recommend this place for anyone who can appreciate good, authentic Chinese food.
4	Every time I am genuinely surprised by how legit this place is!Of course, I've had my share of coming here at 2am on Saturday nights and I usually end up going with my default, the beef noodle soup, but this time around I went for lunch and actually got to try a bunch of different items from the menu.First the beef noodle soup is good.  It has a good amount of kick and the brisket has been braised long enough so it's tender.  Portion's a little small but it is always satisfying.If you like rice, YangChow fried rice is the way to gooo.  You can definitely tell that it's been wok-ed in a super hot wok and oil glistens on every rice kernel.  Lots of BBQ pork and diced veggies.  You can even make it spicy if you request it!As for other noodles, black pepper beef udon is great if you love peppery flavors.  It's not black pepper sauce that you see from most cafes in LA but actual cracked black pepper.  Shanghai noodles has a little bit of curry powder in it and loaded with shrimp and other goodies.  Of course can't go wrong with the wonton soup either.  For me, I'm just really surprised at how... authentic or as authentic as it can be.  I mean, it sits right next to the casino and the sports book.  Usually spots like these are reserved for a crappy deli or something.  Definitely nice to have something like this when you've had Grand Luxe so many times!It is a bit overpriced and be prepared to wait around noon, dinner, or late night.  It's not a big place!
2	Came here for breakfast with a group of 5 after a crazy night. We all wanted noodle soup because soup is always comforting and easy on the stomach. Plus, it was conveniently located inside the Venetian.3 of us had the Spicy Ying Nan Rice Noodle. All 3 of us thought it wasn't spicy at all and it was actually kinda bland. I put maybe 5-6 spoonfuls of chili paste in my bowl to add some flavor. On top of that, it was overpriced at $13.95 a bowl.I've lived in the San Francisco bay area all my life where there are a million Asian restaurants that serve noodle soup. So, that's why I give this place a 2...."Meh. I've experience better." If you don't mind traveling off the strip for an authentic, good noodle soup, go to Pho Kim Long on Spring Mountain Road.
3	We skipped out on dinner to hit up XS so by the time we came here to eat late night we were starved. We got seated right away and the food came FAST!  We were all trying to figure out if it was just we were so hungry or the food was really good. Now that I think about it, the food was probably just soso but decent for late night.I got the wonton noodle soup, and we shared a bbq small plate. The bbq meats were decent. Wontons and noodle were not the best, but it was great comfort food for late night.  Considering some of the other noodle bars in vegas this place is good because it opens later 3am, I also really like Noodles @ Bellagio but it closes early.
5	Absolutely perfect... Nothing beats a bowl of spicy well made broth with freshly made noodles and tender beef. The Szechwan beef bowl was exactly what I was looking for as a late night meal. My wife had the miso soup which was also above expectations but I don't think I'll ever be able to resist the Szechwan beef.
3	So everyone was craving for Asian food, so the closest one was Noodle Asia. I ended up ordering the BBQ pork and duck noodle, I had the egg noodle with it. The meat was good!! However, the broth was very bland hardly any flavor.  I had to add a lot of the oily spicy sauce with hoisen sauce, it made the dish a little bit better.I had a couple of spoon full of shrimp fried rice and chowmein, both were very decent.Price per noodle bowl was around $15 or so, quite expensive. But it's the Wynn!
2	Quite expensive for such a small bowl of food that isn't all that great. I had the Dan Dan noodles ($12 + tax/tip). The spice from the sauce overpowered the shrimp and the noodles -- I could barely taste them! You can get better Asian food in the strip, but if you're stuck at the Venetian, this is your best bet for something quick.
4	This place is on the first floor in the Casino next to sport bar/betting area. You can find this place if you cross the bridge from Treasure Island and go down the elevator and enter the first doors you see to the left.This is pretty cheap compare to other place on the strip. Expensive compare to places like Chinatown. I had the shrimp fried rice and wanton noodle soup. It was good. But I have to admit I've had better but still very good. I would come back to this place. I wish I could of try other noodle soup.
4	i dream about this noodle place, but not especially for the noodles. They have the most amazing shrimp fried rice that I have ever encountered. Seriously-AAAAAmazing! Its kind of hard to pick a noodle dish because the descriptions are vague and the servers are very "authentic".  I've been there at least a half dozen times and the shr fr rice is the most amazing dish every time, as well as the hot and sour soup. Those are the best in my book.
4	This place keeps getting better.  I have been to this restaurant many times in the Venetian, and its fellow restaurant in the Mandalay Bay.  Last night I had some har gow, and curry seafood fried rice.  The har gows were truly large, and the six pieces helped justify its hefty price tag for dim sum.  I truly love the curry seafood fried rice in this restaurant that has a real punch to its taste.  It is very spicy without being overwhelming.  The many Chinese chefs, and clientele make me think of the old days in New York and San Francisco Chinatown!
4	Ended up eating here last Saturday after some steak place said they had a 20 minute wait. I was delirious with hunger and probably had real low blood sugar. My wife and I ordered eggrolls, I inhaled 3 of them. I wasn't thinking straight when I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles. It turned out that they sucked. My fault, not the restaurant's fault. The server graciously offered to replace the meal with another meal. So I ordered a more expensive duck and rib dish. It was tasty and the server charged us for the less expensive meal.I really appreciate the service and compassion of the trio of servers at the Noodle Asia. I will definitely visit you on my next trip to Vegas.
4	The other day I had the wonton noodle soup for lunch.  It was really good.  They were the Hong Kong style wontons with shrimp, and it was a very good value.  Las Vegas really caters to Asians!
4	I wasn't expecting much from this restaurant, other than ok quality food with a high price for what it is. Surprisingly, the two noodle dishes we ordered were actually very good. I had Szechuan-style Beef noodle soup, which can be had for around seven dollars in California, but was around 13 dollars here. The noodles were a little weird, but the beef and soup were so delicious. The beef was actually very good quality with quite a bit of fat (which is apparently the correct style for this noodle soup). I gobbled it up. My dining mate had BBQ pork and duck noodle soup, which I wasn't particularly a fan of, but she said it was good (particularly the quality of the meats).The food itself was potentially of five-star quality for one of those quick sit and go restaurants in Vegas, but considering that it's about double the price and not THAT higher quality, I can only give it four stars.
4	this is a best kept secret on the strip! :) every time i stay at the venetian i try to have at least 1 meal here! like i mentioned many times in my reviews,  i'm a creature of habit, italian restaurants - i always order linguine & clams, mexican restaurants - chicken flautas with rice, and chinese restaurants - beef chow fun ALWAYS.... not this time! my bf and i were sooooo hungry that we ordered won ton noodle soup, chinese broccoli w/oyster sauce, singapore rice noodles, and chinese sausage fried rice. everything was delicious! the chinese sausage (lop cheong) fried rice was made a bit different then what i am use to, noodle asia makes their fried rice with egg whites only! very delicious! i highly reccomend this place for late night dining or a lunch time visit, but .... remember.... it's on the strip so the prices are a bit high! 4 items, 1 hot tea and 1 coke = $65 including tax and tip!
3	Pretty decent chinese food for the strip.It's strip prices for sure, but when you crave crispy Hong Kong style fried seafood noodles this place won't disappoint.  The red oil wontons are a pass, not good.  the beef noodle soup was good as is the beef chow fun.It'd be great if they were open a little later on the weekends, because coming back from the club at 3am they're already closed.
3	I ate here under the influence of alcohol so readers beware haha! But I think even if it was not a late night eat, what I ordered is pretty legit. I'm not sure about the rest of the stuff, but the Szechuan Beef Noodle soup hits the spot, especially after a night of partying. It's not worth $15 so 3.5 stars overall. The price tag fits Vegas even though it doesn't fit my pocket book. I'd definitely come back and order the same thing again the next time I'm there though!
4	Been here 5 times.. My parents introduced me to this place while they were staying in the Venetian for the weekend. The restaurant is right next to the sportsbook and casino floor. I was skeptical at first "probably commercialized tasting.." But they proved me very wrong.our 3 consecutive orders:Small Cantonese BBQ Plate ( bbq pork only): Even the small could feed quite a few people. Served as rectangular slices, tender, juicy and their sauce was Awesome. When I want bbq pork (chinese style) I usually make a run to Sam Woo in China town. But I must say, I would drive the extra miles and walk the extra steps from the self park or valet, to have Noodle Asia's bbq pork any day!! One of the best I've had! Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice: I love the fact that it Comes with Egg Whites. They also add really thin slices of chinese broccoli that gives the dish a little snap to it. Not only does this simple dish have tremendous flavor, nice soft and crunch texture, it was visually appealing!! (Think X'mas Fried rice: White Rice, like snow.. Chinese sausage, red in color.. Chinese broccoli, green in color..) One of the best fried rice dishes I've ever had! By the way I'm Filipino, I live off rice and have had Many Many different variations of it..Hong Kong Wonton: Broth very light flavor, noodles thin (like angel hair pasta) and wontons are typical but satisfying. A nice way to start off a meal. ordered once:Roast Duck: rich duck flavor, meat's consistency like chicken and skin abosorbed the sauce. Tasty!Szechwan Beef noodle soup: dark clear broth, had a spicy note to it but did not linger. Beef were cut into good sized cubes, meat soaked in the wonderful broth flavors and were filling. Thick noodles went perfect with the meat. Prices are a bit Steep, Service is Good and Food a Solid 4 Stars! Lesson Learned, Not to Judge a Book by its Cover! May not be totally Authentic but their refined take on the food was definitely a positive one!
4	The quality and quantity was quite good.We ordered a lot of dishes and most of the dish were quite good.  Except the mushroom noodles soup, that was pretty bland so don't order it.  All of the rice plates we had tried was really good.  Would definately come here again.  Pretty tasteful food for a quick bite in the middle of Venetian and for an affordable price.
4	I came here with one goal in mind: the Schezuan Beef Noodle Soup.I am a beef noodle soup, uh, obsessor, let's say. I have had it in different corners of the world and will always order it if it's available. So when I was planning my Vegas trip, I had to do a search for it and wouldn't you know, Noodle Asia popped up all nice and affordable ($14 really is over-priced but for Vegas, it's affordable).NA's gets the flavor precisely right with just the perfect mixture of soy sauce and chili pepper. Furthermore, the beef is in chunks as it should be and incredibly tender, so you know it's been stewing forever. The noodles were my favorite kind, thick and flat. The only thing missing were the vegetables. Not the pickled garnish but the bok choy (or sometimes spinach). No vegetables included. That makes my healthy voice sad.The shu mai were quite good, considering we were eating at 1am. And my boyfriend's Dan Dan noodles were spicy, brothy, peanut-y delicious. They did not hold back on the accompaniments. The potstickers were cold and gross. Don't order those.Yay! I can now put a pin on Las Vegas on my beef noodle soup world map. The pin means "go back here".
4	Noodle Asia is grossly overpriced, but it is so damn good I just keep coming back.  I have yet to try anything on the menu that I didn't like.  Whether it be the dim sum, dan dan noodles, fried rice or chow mein, I have always enjoyed every bite of my food.  Everything just tastes so fresh and authentic because it is.  I'm pretty sure the cooks in back are flown in from China (or Taiwan?) and don't speak a lick of English.The best thing on the menu though has to be the Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup.  Totally LEGIT.  The beef is super tender, the soup is spicy and flavorful and the noodles taste like they were made fresh that day.  My friends tell me that it's the best beef noodle soup they've had outside of Asia and I'm inclined to believe them.  It's certainly better than anything I've had in California.Noodle Asia is already open until 2am, but I wish they were open even later for post-clubbing drunken dining.  But I guess the chefs need to sleep sometime...
3	I've heard all the hype about Noodle Asia and how it easily compares to Noodles at the Bellagio but I couldn't really see that as I finished my meal. The first issue I have is that it has the feel of a greasy casino kitchen mainly because it's located inside the sportsbook at the Venetian. Another big issue I have is that I couldn't really decipher what half of the menu contained. Some of the menu items had a description while others just listed their name. Now if I knew what they were this would be no issue but sadly I couldn't really figure out what to order and just ended up picking some random noodle dish with beef. I probably ordered cat, I honestly have no fucking clue!The dish itself was delicious and I felt like I ate a portion that was easily made for 3-4 people. OOPS! It was a bit spicy but not to the point of crying, although there is nothing wrong with a few tears while dining. My friend swears by their shrimp fried rice so I tried some and wasn't blow away at all. If I closed my eyes I could have sworn I was in a panda express that added shrimp. Maybe next time I will dine with someone who can interpret the menu and guide me through the jungle that is Noodle Asia.
4	We were craving noodle soup since it was raining the whole day in Vegas and i ended up having colds. so we ordered:- wonton soup... very very good, it is the best wonton soup i have ever had, the soup was refreshing and warmed my tummy, the wonton was so tender and tasted fresh.. a must have.- shanghai style noodle.. good.. it is okay just like regular noodle.- tainan noodle,., good.. it is not too salty, warm the tummy.The price is bit more expensive but i guess that what you pay for hotel food. I give them 4 stars for the wonton soup and for being opened until late night.
4	To my surprise, the food is not bad. The spicy beef noodle soup is pretty darn good, and so is the fried rice. My only complaint is the price, $13 for a bowl of noodles! I guess that's the price you pay for the convenience. I would imagine their rent's not cheap.
3	beef noodle soup is surprisingly good but waaaay to expensive for this kind of food.  You cant really complain since you are out in the desert though.
4	i read the previous reviews. and they were very helpful. and the chinese sausage fried rice was very good. when youre in vegas everything is expensive. i went here recently after christmas and wanted asian food. this is conveniently in the venetian where we were staying, so tried it out. -bf had the wonton noodle soup-was actually really good.-i had their chinese sausage fried rice- delicious-appetizer- -tried friend's spicy wonton appetizer.- really good as well.Friends: had schezuan spicy noodle thing, they said it was good.We ate here for lunch. and by 5pm i was here again for early dinner and ordered what my bf had for lunch (haha), and by 8pm we were at the wynn buffet waiting in line.Would have given this place 5 stars, but i only tried few dishes, and others looked too greasy.
3	I stopped by Noodle Asia for an emergency soup break. It was cold and snowy outside and I was fighting a cold as well so the fact that I was at the Venetian helped me decide on eating there.I ordered the Mushroom Chicken Noodle Soup ($13.95).  Oddly enough, no mushrooms were to be found (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_j2EtQtgLuXGRBfbM5YwZA?select=T0-NanAljdtgnKdr4rwP7g).  There really wasn't much to brag about this soup.  The chicken was boneless and and the broth was a little on the bland side.  But I'm just glad that it did it's job in keeping my body hot when it was 32 degrees and snowing outside.There's nothing really bad to say about this place though.  It's conveniently located in the middle of the Strip and the prices slightly inflated, but if you're in need of some hot noodle soup, especially during the cold winter, this is a great spot.
1	Wow ... f'n nightmare I knocked my egg rolls off counter. I call the busboy over to tell him and he proceeds to step on one of them. He then calls my waiter over and shows him. The waiter picked up my egg rolls and he passes the trashcan two feet away, walks back to the fry cook who I can plainly see over the counter, says something in Chinese, then hands him the egg rolls and the cook threw them back into the fryer!!!!! I WENT BERSERK! Filthy scumbags! I've eaten there a million times over the years. NEVER AGAIN! Avoid this place like the plague. Not only was he going to try to serve me stepped on egg rolls, but he also contaminated the entire batch of fry oil. If they pull this shit in plain view... whats going on in the back kitchen????? I called the Venetian Management, and Venetian Food and Beverage Manager and they were both appalled.
3	Okay, I understand that it is Vegas and it's in a casino...but Szechwan beef noodle soup that makes your mouth water for more?? Wow. What an awesome place for a late night craving that reminds you of home.The beef is super tender and the noodles are cooked perfectly. AL DENTE...and the soup is out of this world. What an explosion of flavors on my tongue. I can drink it like I drink water on a daily basis.My only complaint was that they had impolite servers. I know it's a Chinese restaurant ran by actual Cantonese people...but it's in the Venetian for God's sakes! I don't want you to give me a dirty look when we walk in 20 minutes before it closes and charge me over ten dollars for a small bowl of noodles! The only time they said their "please" and "thank you" was when the lady dropped off the check. ALTHOUGH she proceeded to hover over us (no, literally stood there staring at us) as we took out our wallets and figured out the right amount to pay. It really made us somewhat nervous and intimidated.Ah well, still won't stop me from coming back. It's a wonderful late night craving.
3	This place is for patient people who are willing to wait to get a seat, to be served, to be helped or anything that will require assistance from the servers. The food was delicious and the serving was enough.The price is kinda pricey for the rice plates but the soup was reasonably priced.BUT THE WAIT TIME WAS INSANE!I went here lunch time and I had to wait for 30minutes to be seated and there was a line. Ordering time wasn't too bad and getting your food wasn't so bad as well...but again more wait to get my check about 20 minutes to get the check. WORTH A TRY IF YOU ARE WILLING TO WAIT.
4	Been here several times and have had a decent experience.  The price of the food is reasonable, service is relatively quick, and location and hours of operation are convenient.Recommended:  Wonton noodle soup, the spicy jumbo shrimp lai fun dish, and pan-fried pot stickers (the pot stickers are especially delicious late-night and hard-partying).
4	Happen to be at the Venetian and in need of a late night snack or dinner?? This is the place for you! Opens till 3am which is definitely a plus.The menu features large portions of your usual Chinese noodle dishes, rice plates, rice porridge, and soups. We ordered a large hot and sour soup and a BBQ Pork and Roasted Duck rice place to share. After ordering, our meal came out in less than 2 minutes. It's really that fast, no joke. The soup was very tasty and flavorful - perfect blend of the hot and sourness. BBQ pork and roasted duck were delicious as well. Our late night cravings were definitely satisfied here.
3	the food was alright but definitely cost more than it should.  we went for a quick lunch and the service was alright too but the food was not up to par with your typical vegas food.  btw don't get the kim chee, not good.
4	I stopped by here during some night of the most recent Vegas trip, why can't I remember which night?! We probably got tired of Jet and decided to leave early. Our plan was to meet a couple friends at Venetian but Jon K and I were hungry so we decided to grab some noodles for a late night snack! It took a few moments before anyone could help us or point us to a table, but it was pretty late so it's understandable. Our waiter came by with our menus immediately, he was also immediately ready to take our order! Way too fast, dude! Boyfriend & I shared the Szechuan Beef noodle soup, and our friend ordered the wonton noodle soup I think. He really liked his soup, and ours was delicious!! I was kinda worried bc it was supposed to be spicy, but it was just right! It warmed me up without making me reach for everyone's ice water! The beef was also super tender, yummy! Price was a lil high, but hey, it's in the Venetian! And it wasn't anything more than you'd find at a pricey Asian place in any other city, so overall not too shabby! Definitely great for late night snack, it isn't too crowded and your food comes out pretty quick!
2	I had came here for some quick dinner and ordered a beef congee, chinese broccoli, and singapore mei fun. The beef congee was bland. I think they forgot salt. The chinese broccoli did not seem fresh, and the mei fun was ok, but also bland. Overall, service sucked. I didn't know if they wanted me to really feel like I was in China and wanted bad service. The waiter certainly didn't know how to be a waiter. The price was high when I think about the quality of the meal and the quality of the service I received. I would rather go to the one at Mandalay Bay.
4	This by far the best Chinese restaurant on the strip in terms of price and food quality. The food is always fresh and hot and the prices are fair for being on the strip. I like how most of the dishes are cooked on the spot. There is usually a short wait but it's well worth it. And it's great that this place is right next to the Venetian SportsBook so you can eat and watch the games at the same time. The staff tries to be as attentive as possible but I never expect any Chinese place to have quality service. Chinese restaurants simply do not place a priority on service. This place is great any time of the day. I usually stop by here 2-3 times every trip. I suggest you do so too!
4	I've never missed visiting Noodle Asia while visiting Vegas. Everything I've had here is very good and always hits the spot. My go to is the Hong Kong Wonton! The wait is never longer than 5 minutes and if you forget your credit card here, don't worry, it's in good hands! :) The only downside to this place is the ice water. It tastes like it's been sitting in the fridge for about a month.
4	Ahhhh  chinese noodle soup after a long night of drinking and partying, this is always the cure all for the next morning headache.  I have tried something different each time and so far I like the Night Market fried rice, Szechuan Beef soup, and the Spicy rice noodle soup. You don't have to go off the strip into China town for a good bowl of asian soup.  I look forward to waking up and walking from Palazzo to have some noodle soup while hung over.
3	Had the chicken congee -- nothing special, but got the job done. For a (relatively) inexpensive meal on the strip, go here. Conversely, to have your Asian cheapness offended by a mediocre $15 bowl of noodles, go here.
3	Maybe my expectation of food is so low in Vegas now, unless I'm at a famed restaurant, that Noodle Asia seemed to ourperform its peers by quite some! Their Singapore noodles, made vegetarian, was quite good! Service wasn't great, but thankfully I didn't stay too long.
5	Delicious! Best noodle soups we've had outside of Taiwan. The spicy beef is the best! The spicy shrimp was also tasty. You're not paying for ambiance, as your view is the poker tournament area of the casino, but the food is inexpensive and amazingly good.
4	I really love the beef noodle soup here. The soup base is very tasty with red peppers in it. I had to pick out all of the red peppers because my lips were burning and mouth was on fire from every single bite. What I didn't like was that we didn't even order tea, but they brought it for the table and charged each person for a cup. The sad part was that not everyone even touched their tea cups. What an easy way to make money huh?Overall, I was impressed with the beef noodle soup. I usually don't eat a lot, but I was able to finish the whole bowl. I feel like the portion was too small because it is really expensive for a bowl of noodles. Oh well, everything is expensive on the strip I feel. Craving the noodles right now... =(
4	Absolutely fantastic beef soup....and the sauce for the potstickers....wow!
3	10.16.10So good when you're hungover and need something close by.Granted, you can get any of these dishes for half the price off the strip, but for the convenience, I'm ready to shell out the extra dough.Cantonese beef stew.  Go.
4	The food isn't over dressed or fancy but it tastes good. I don't know if the people who are hating on Noodle Asia don't like Chinese food or are  just confused about the name, but it's pretty authentic.Came here for lunch and the spicy dumplings are amazing. After a recommendation from a friend, we knew at least two orders were needed.The beef noodle soup and HK wonton soup were flavorful and not too salty. The stir-fried Shanghai noodles were extremely oily and seemed a bit too much like noodles I would find in Shanghai.
4	This was our first food stop in Vegas and we all (13) had the Hong Kong Wonton soup.  I even noticed that the party of 10 girls next to us had the same thing.  Anyhow, the soup was very good but I think the price is a little pricey, but what would you expect.  You're at the Venetian.I also did try the Hong Kong style chow mein which my cousin ordered.  That too was very good.
4	Everything is really delicious here. They're known for the spicy noodles and fried rice.. Ask the waiter for what's the best and they'll gladly recommend it. At these prices, I'm glad there is a place that offers good food. Good eats + empty pockets = Anne's sad face.. At least my belly is full and I can sleep happy!
4	Pretty good Chinese place for Vegas. We wanted to get an inexpensive but good meal and decided to give this place a try. It's located right in the middle of the casino, which was interesting. Saw lots of Asian patrons so that made me feel better! HahaFood comes out super fast.  Ordered the curry noodles with bbq pork and shrimp, it was DELICIOUS! Portion size was good for $13 bucks. Also ordered a glass of chardonnay for $7. My friend got a beer and the crispy pan fried noodles.  Overall a great place for a quick bite that won't break your wallet.
4	When you get the menu, cover up the second digit for all the prices. It'll make all the prices way more palatable. :)Seriously, it's expensive. It's also RIGHT THERE in the casino and super good. It's worth not having to make someone drive to Spring Mountain when you want some good Asian grub.I've gone plenty of times when I've stayed at the Venetian or the Palazzo, although usually my memory of the meals are hazy. :)  My favorite is the Shanghai rice cakes, chewy dense rice disks with cabbage and pork and oil. It's very good here. One of my friends commented it's very similar to a Korean dish. Why yes it is, only without the kimchi. It's a smaller dish than others but so very very good.Anyways, I highly recommend the Shanghai rice cakes. Also the Shanghai noodles. I also really enjoy their hot and sour soup, although it's not spicy enough for me it's plenty tasty. The chinese sausage fried rice is also super delicious and they give you a big mound of fried rice.The last time I was there, the only thing not so good was the shui mai. They weren't very hot or juicy. No pork fat plumping up the insides. It's a definite skip.
3	I suppose Noodle Asia fist the mold of the late night "fill-me-up" food, which people seek after a night of drinking in Las Vegas.  Maybe I ate here at the wrong time, totally sober, and fresh off of the airplane.  My hunger was satisfied, and I must have liked it to a degree, as my plate was pretty much clean, but reflecting back on it, my experience was simply, ok.  There was a total of 6 guys that I went with, and we each got different things, so I was able to sample a couple of things other than what I'd ordered.  Shanghai Noodles was my choice.  It's a dish of wok-fried noodles with napa cabbage and pork.  The plate looked and smelled good, but the noodles were truly too oily.  I honestly couldn't help but think of Michael Jackson's 1980's jheri curl, so I suppose I can say that the noodles were straight up greasy.  However, one of the guys at my table got beef congee.  It had that nice thick porridgey texture that I love, not watery, as I've experienced at too many other establishments.  Also, the beef was tender, which I previously thought was impossible in a soup.  Though the noodles, their flagship product, aren't my favorite, I can say that they had excellent service.   We were seated immediately, and almost as soon as we sat down, water was at our place settings.  Additionally, time between placing our order, and when the first dish was delivered, was relatively quick, and when it arrived to the table, it was piping hot.  It is one of the "casual" dining spots in The Venetian, so don't expect a meal to write home about.  However, as I hinted earlier, if you're in need of balancing your liquid-to-solid ratio, after boozing, then head on over there.
4	One of the best noodle houses on the strip.  Great for hangovers.  I love the wonton soup they have.  Always a line to get in so get there early.  (and since it's next to the sports bar...you can also catch some ball on the tube)
3	roast duck and bbq pork noodle soup! the noodles, duck and pork are average, but damn, that broth, it is magical. no other bowl of soup on the  strip can cure a hangover like this bowl can. it is a lil pricy though.too bad they're not 24hrs. dont know how many times we drunkenly pass by the spot at 5am in the morning wishin it was.
5	The food was excellent!  I ordered the BBQ pork rice dish, and it felt like I was in HK.The price was decent compared to the more expensive ones at other 5* hotels on the strip.
4	Great Hong Kong Cuisine at prices that are in line with being inside the Venetian. The stars here are the Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice, Pork and Preserved Egg Congee, Wonton Noodle Soup, and steamed soup. Service is also in line with Hong Kong casual dining-bearable. Love the late night hours, open until 3 am. Great supper place while staying out late! Prices are not as high as Noodles in Bellagio and food is way more authentic!
4	After a night of clubbing at Tao, we made a pit stop here to satisfy our late night hunger. We got seated immediately and our seats were right by the entrance. I think my friend and I shared a bowl of BBQ Pork and Roast Duck Noodle Soup while the 6 of us shared Dim Sum (Har Gow and Siu Mai). Each Dim Sum came with 6 pieces each so it was perfect. They were very accommodating and the food was pretty good. When it came time to pay, my friend and I wanted to pay for the birthday girl's share. I wasn't provided a receipt after paying so I went to ask for one because the birthday girl kept asking (wondering why no one took her credit card). All in all, not bad for my first time here.
4	I came to Noodle Asia originally just to meet some drunk friends before we went up to the room.  While one of my inebriated friends was yacking in the bathroom conveniently located right outside the restaurant, I decided that his almost untouched rice plate should not go to waste...so I finished it...and it was GOOD!!! Then I ate some kind of pan fried noodle plate and drank a bunch of the soup they ordered.  I have no clue what food my friends got, but i remember that it was all really good.4 stars for good grub, awesome location, and the staff letting me just walk up in there and eat all my friends' food.
5	Ok, I'm sure the menu as a whole is not 5 stars, but the beef noodle soup, OMG THE BEEF NOODLE SOUP.   I've never even had anything else because frankly, why would I when the beef noodle soup is the best.  EVER.  Thus, the 5 stars.  I've tried several beef noodle soups in the LA area and yeah, a couple are pretty darn good, but they are no NOODLE ASIA GOOD.  The other versions that I've had barely have any heat, Noodle Asia's soup definitely has a spicy kick to it.  Soup isn't too heavy and the beef is very tender.  The noodles are thick, the way I like it.  I like the onions and pickled veggies that comes on top too. I know it's Vegas but too bad it's $13 and the bowl isn't that big.  I want some now!
3	Not bad, it's a small restaurant amongst the casino and race and sports book area in the Venetian casino. They have a bar area and several tables, but overall, it's a small venue. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table of 5. No biggie, but the number of tables limits the customers from doing what they do best in Vegas...eating.Unlike some of the other restaurants in a casino area, this one has some great views of the casino floor and the sports book tv's. So you get some entertainment as well.I got the roast pork and roast duck with rice combination. For a Chinese owned, Chinese cooked, Chinese restaurant, I was a bit disappointed at the roast duck. Not one of the best ones I've had. The roast pork was decent and the white rice...well it's hard to mess up white rice (unless you give me the crusty, burnt up ones that stick to side of the rice cooker) But no...I didn't get the crusty version. It was nice and flaky. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_j2EtQtgLuXGRBfbM5YwZA?select=bX7Hbk4GbIEsYuQGoh4TRwI'd probably get the fried rice next time. My compatriots in crime got the combination fried rice and they liked it!!!
5	This is in the Venetian hotel.  We have eaten here many times and the food is always excellent.  We have brought many friends over the last few years and they always agree that whatever they get is great as well.  My favorite dish is this the siu chiu beef, crispy noodles with vegetables and black bean sauce.  I crave it even as I write.  The five spice tofu is excellent too, however good chance you may get bts later.  The cost is very reasonable for a Venetian restaurant.  Give it a try.
3	Located in the Venetian and open till 3am....Good spot if you're craving Chinese food kinda late, need a quick fix and don't mind shelling out like 14 bucks for fried rice or noodles.  Seems more like quantity over quality here...but eh does the job.*Yung chow and seafood/bbq pork fried rices were delicious and came in huge portions.  If I ever ate here again I"d just order the fried rice.*The Szechwan Beef noodle soup that everyone raves about was blah.  Where people drunk when they had this?  I was sober and the broth was blah.  Noodles were kinda soggy. At least the beef was good.*Mixed seafood pan toasted noodles.  So I was envisioning the yummy pan fried cantonese noodles from PF Chang's when I ordered this.   I was disappointed when the noodles were the thin vermicelli ones.  It def. was toasted on the outside which is fine, but the sauce was pretty flavorless.  Booooring....* Wonton soup was tasty.* Mike C. had the roast pork and roast duck with rice combination.  He didn't like the roast duck and thought the roast pork was decent.  I thought his rice with the sauce it came with was delicious though.
5	Order: the sechuan beef, or beef noodle soup. its amazingg. Any of the noodle soups are just great. The cantonese sausage fried rice, made me a believer in chinese sausage. that speaks for itselfDon't order: dumplings, protein dishes like mongolian beefI HAVE to eat at this place every time I go to Vegas. 'nuff said
3	I was badly in need of some noodle soup to cure my hangover and I remember walking past Noodle Asia the night before in the VenetianOrdered the Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup ($13.95). The broth was quite tasty and hit the spot. The noodles themselves were quite good too. However, the beef was almost inedible. Super tough and there was no easy way to break the beef cubes into manageable bites.Did it hit the spot? Yes. Would I go back again? Only if I had a hangover.
2	I must be spoiled living in San Francisco where there is a Chinatown and I am surrounded by a variety of Asian foods/cuisines because this was not the place to go for authentic Chinese flavors.  I was naive to think that because it was in The Venetian, the quality would be great, but I really felt like I was in a hole in the wall with slow service.  My boyfriend and I shared a two dishes and a soup.  The soup was Egg Flower Soup and I have never seen this soup with tomatoes in it.  The flavor was disappointing, very bland.  We also shared the Chinese Broccoli.  This was the winner.  Not a huge portion for $10.00, but it was good.  It was still crunchy and the sauce did not over take it.  The minced beef over rice and fried egg, do not order it.  The prices are pretty high with Orange Chicken at $18.00.   My friend who ordered it didn't even finish it because it tasted like "cardboard"
4	Came here after partying wanted some noodle soup to cure the buzz!  Food is pretty good but prices are expensive (but in fairness your eating in the Venetian Casino.) Ordered Szechwan beef noodle soup ( the beef is super tender and there like chunks not strips of meat. The orange chicken is tasty it's not battered and they use chicken breast.The fire house chicken wings were a good  choice for appetizers as well as the garlic baby bak choy. Would Like to come back to try other things when I come back to the Venetian.
3	A good late night spot to get some food before passing out drunk. I thought I had my swerve on until I looked to my left and watched a guy try and stay awake, barely keeping his head up, almost drowning in his bowl of noodles. Had a simple bowl of wonton noodle soup to get some liquid besides alcohol in the body before sleeping. Pretty decent food overall.Not cheap. But neither is vegas. Service puts up with a lot crap. They serve drunks that would be rejected just about anywhere else. So if you can barely stand up, try this place.
4	This is an ideal place on the strip when you are craving some legit Chinese noodle soup either for drunk munchies (since they are open late), or for a hangover cure.  By legit, I mean all the staff tha works here are Chinese, including the cooks.  I had the beef noodle stew, which came with preserved cabbage and large chunks of beef, some dense feeling hand tossed noodles, and a really really good broth base.  Perfect for hangovers.  My girl had the preserved egg and pork porridge.  It tasted almost as legit as my mom's.  We shared the bok choy with oyster sauce, which was perfectly boiled.  The only thing is that this place is pretty expensive.  Our bill was almost fifty dollars, for what would cost only fifteen to twenty in Chinatown somewhere.  But, keep in mind you are eating in the Venetian.  PROTIP:  Large portions, so share!
3	It was not bad for chinese food on the strip. I was feeling a little sick from my trip so I ordered the seafood congee and a side of chinese broccoli with oyster sauce. The soup was good and helped with my congested sinus and I felt a lot better after eating. Prices was fair too considering it was inside the venetian hotel.
5	One of the best Chinese noodle houses I have found on the strip. I've been to Hong Kong and China over a dozen tines and I really think that Noodle Asia tastes very authentic. I love Chinese food.....real Chinese food...there is a big difference between Chinese food in China and what we get here unless you are Chinese and in the know of the secrect spots....which I am not. I love the noodle soup with bbq pork and duck! Service is not always prompt but the food makes up for it.  Whatever you do, do not eat at the Noodles in Mandalay.....that can scar you for life or at the least turn you off to chinese / Thai / east asian food.
4	Its open 24 hours and they have a good selection of Asian food for a reasonable price considering it's inside the Venetian.  I had the beef noodle soup and it was delicious
4	Having grown up in Taiwan, I have had some great beef noodle soup. The beef noodle soup at Noodle Asia was, to my surprise, actually legit. Other friends who grew up in Taiwan agree as well. The beef was well stewed and soft, the noodles were cooked just right, the soup had a nice spicy kick. The pork and preserved egg congee was also quite tasty. I would be outraged by the prices (e.g. $14 for soup noodles) if I were eating elsewhere and probably give this a star less, but this is Vegas.Call me superficial, but the fact that the menu had descriptions in traditional Chinese scored some points with me.
3	We came here twice during our stay. Why? Because of the beef noodle soup. Tired, hungry, slightly hungover, and wanting something to satisfy the need of something homey that American food cannot, Noodle Asia was the most appropriate dining opportunity. Plus it was just downstairs in the lobby at the Venetian.Shitty service, but it didn't matter when we got our bowls. The waitress took our orders and requests, but that was it . We had to ask other waitresses.
3	late night overpriced chinese food in vegas...must have it. Congee was good with the thousand year egg and pork. Service was fast and they didn't care if we bummed around there.
3	If you're in Vegas and needle some decent asian food, then Noodle Asia is the place to go.  It's not the best Asian food I've had, but it's fast, relatively cheap (for Vegas) and it's convenient if you're staying at the Venetian.  The bbq pork & duck noodle soup is pretty bomb.  And I've tried a few of the other noodle dishes & rice dishes...a great place to come the next morning for a "hangover" cure.
3	Pretty good noodle soup or chow fun for a place that is inside a strip hotel.  When you sit at the counter...you will see all the old asian cooks in the back...making it an authentic chinese resturant. But be prepared to get grease food from this place..which is how the original food is cooked anyways...Location is good since its in the hotel we actually stayed in ...and we didn't have to get a taxi to go over to spring valley to get authentic chinese food.
3	A great place to eat after your drunken night of partying, Noodle Asia is open late and offers a variety of hearty warm dishes that are somewhat overpriced, but that taste REALLY GOOD when you're drunk.After a long night of drinking and partying with my group of friends at TAO, we stopped by here to grab food. I ordered a Spicy Ying Nan Noodle soup bowl which consisted of vermicelli and shrimp enveloped in a scrumptuous chicken broth with Ying Nan chili paste, scallions and cilantro. The broth was fresh, and overall, it wasn't too spicy. The noodles were smooth and tasted great when they slid down my alcohol ravaged throat. Although the dish was slightly overpriced at $14, it tasted good and believe it or not, I would come back again to try out some of the other dishes!This place is good for large groups and it is an excellent choice if you happen to be staying at the Venentian.
4	Really good Chinese food.  The duck and pork noodle soup is awesome.  Portions are not that generous so be advised but worth it for Chinese hotel strip food.
4	I know there are plenty of places to go in Vegas to eat Chinese food, but it was 105 degrees outside and we were in the Venetian already. My buddy told me of all the times he's been to Vegas with his folks this is the place to have Chinese food. I liked my dish the Shanghai Rice Cakes though I wanted it fried a bit more to give it a crispy taste they said no because it would sticky but I'm the customer and I want it that way. okay fine whatever I said and finished it off because I enjoyed the taste of it. It wasn't too salty and it wasn't to dry. I liked it. I'll give it a go next time again or tell people about it. The wontons were good here too.
4	This is the place to go if you're craving Chinese food late at night in Vegas and are staying at or near the Venetian!!My bf and I shared the red wontons and the szechwan beef noodle soup. I'm usually not a fan of wontons or sour-ish soups but both were pretty dang delicious. It had just the right amount of spiciness to really hit the spot! I'm sure it tastes even better after a long night of clubbing. I also tried some of my cousin's sausage fried rice and it was really good too! It's a little overpriced for Chinese food but hey, what isn't overpriced in a hotel in Vegas, right?Another plus about this restaurant is that the service is quick! Our food came out really fast. So if you're in a hurry, this is an ideal place to go!
3	Fairly decent Chinese in the middle of the Strip. We've ordered several things from Noodle Asia and the only things worth ordering here are the beef noodle soup and the Shanghai rice cakes. Service is terrible like most Asian restaurants. It's difficult even getting a glass of water.
5	I'll start by saying AMAZING food! yes, this place is very convenient since it is right in the casino floor of the Venetian. We were in Vegas for 4 nights and I think i ate here 3 or 4 times during that stay. I love authentic Asian food and their black egg congee reminds me just of my mom use to make. Another thing I love was their kim-chee, sounds weird, but their kim-chee was just perfectly enough sour that all my Korean friends that went with me was extremely ecstatic. One of the times I tried their duck noodle soup and it was flavorful and the egg noddles was cooked just right. I highly recommend!
3	We wanted a light dinner before we hit the road out of Vegas and while this was a perfect git the fried rice wasn't anything to write home about but the Vegetable "medley" soup my wife ordered was pretty good. Service was slow and drinks never go refilled but it was relatively cheap food and fit the bill.
1	Food all tastes the same. Dan Dan noodles taste like they got some dan dan noodle paste from the store and put peanut butter in it. The waitress spilled soup and continued to spill it all over even after we alerted her. She got this all over my white shirt. No tip for you.
5	My favorite place for hot schezwan soup.  $18 is a lot to pay for a bowl of soup but this is worth it.
1	Came here after hitting up Tao Nightclub. The food was bland and the prices were outrageous! I will NOT be returning.
2	This was our first meal in Vegas when we checked into our suite at the Venetian. Disappointed!! :( It tasted worse than Panda Express. Hahah The kitchen and set up of the restaurant looked like a buffet but when you come in, they seat you and take your order. It was really typical "Asian" service at a mom/pop shop that you would find in China town; it was crap. But in Chinatown, at least food is good. Here, food was crap, but at least it wasn't expensive for Vegas. A pro is that the restaurant is open late ... but still, even if I get the late night munchies, I wouldn't come here again.
4	It was late at night and the girls and I were hungry. I ordered won ton noodle soup and it was sooooo good. I don't know if it was because I was a little buzzed or I was super hungry, but it was freaking delicious.
4	I don't even eat wonton noodle soup back home, but it's a must-have when I go to vegas especially after having drank the entire day. I think they need to be open 24hrs... but anyway, I can't leave vegas without coming here. Service isn't all that great; I can't really seem to get anyone's attention most of the time. But their wonton noodle soup just hits the spot! I've tried the noodle shop and mah jong... eh... they just don't quite have what it takes... and THANK YOU FOR REOPENING! I almost cried when I saw them closed a few weeks back. Thank god it was just for renovation *whew!
4	Solid chinese food on the strip. Plus it's right next to the Poker room inside the Venetian. The Sesame Shrimp thingy is to die for.. Bomb.com
5	Every time my bf and I are in Vegas, we stay at the Palazzo so we can eat here. Whenever we eat here, I always, always order the spicy ying nan noodles. It's my hangover cure. Besides that, its delicious. It's full of flavor and requires no addition except I like my food spicy so I have to add tons of spice. My bf usually orders the pot stickers and night market fried rice. I would eat here everyday during our stay in Vegas if I could but of course, the bf wouldn't allow it. He would always have reservations at 5-star restaurants. But this is my go-to place if I was given the choice.
4	I used to work a booth at the ASD trade show at the Sands Convention Center two weeks out of the year. My company would order take out for lunch from here almost everyday. It's just your ordinary overpriced Chinese food. Nothing tastes great, but nothing tastes horrible. It sure beats eating old hot dogs from the convention center.
3	This place is a little expensive for what it is. The service is a little slow to seat people.  I ordered the Sczechun beef noodles, which was a noodle soup.  It was good but a little spicy.  My bf ordered the seafood comination noodles, which had pan fried noodles.  I thought his dish was great.  Our other friend order beef stew wonton noodle soup which I didn't try but he said it was okay.  We also ordered potstickers, the skin of the potsticker was too thick. This place is a little too expensive for what it is.
3	Hot and Sour Soup and Shanghai Noodles totaled $20.43. Despite the inflated pricing, I thoroughly enjoyed the noodles. I wish I passed on the soup though--it was too watery with little flavor and incorrect consistency.Service was good, although no one greeted us goodbye (If you're going to have high prices, I am entitled to be a stickler about these things).
2	I think the MSG has f*#ked with my head.  Six visits.  Why?Being Asian, I'm insulted that the Venetian would attempt to placate me with this mediocre excuse for a Chinese restaurant sandwiched between the poker tourney area, sports book, and restroom hall.KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) review:Fried rice:  extremely oily and packed with MSG.Dim sum: nothing special except the price.  3x what you would pay in your local Chinatown.Noodle soups: correctly made, loaded with MSG, very little toppings, expensive.Wok tossed noodles: should be tossed out.  Extremely oily and salty from the MSG.To add further insult, they charge you for every day quality tea.We all know, too much oil = restroom.  Too much MSG = lots of water = restroom.  Not a smart way for a casino to do business.  But what do I know, I'm still in my MSG coma.
3	Came here with my mom and her friends when she was on a high school reunion trip.  I've seen the name of this place around our hotel, Palazzo, but didn't expect it to be any kind of authenticity at all.  To my surprise, their food is priced accordingly and taste pretty authentic.  I always crave some kind of Asian food whenever I'm in Vegas.  It's probably from all the tired partying and want some comfort food.  We ordered a lot of food, spicy beef stew noodle soup, porridge, Singapore rice noodles, beef chow fun, and chow mein.  Everything tasted pretty good and I had a satisfying meal.  I'd come back again if I was staying in Venetian and don't want to taxi all the way out to the Chinatown for food.
4	I think I come here almost every time im in vegas for some reason or another. It IS the cure for any hangover and I always want some asian goodness and am too lazy to drive that one mile to china town. My personal favorites here are the beef noodle soup and fried rice. Extremely oily but just oily enough to soak up the alcohol from the night before. For vegas, the prices are reasonable you can probably get away wtih spending 12 bucks an entree and the best part is its walking distance from ti wynn venetian and palazo.
4	Came here with a friend yesterday ordered 5 plates of food and it still came out to about 37 dollars Considering it's inside the casinoit's an amazing dealThe food took a while to come out but it was busy so I understandGreat place, it's the place to go eat after partying or just out and about and still won't break the bank. The food is great too!
3	Come here for the convenience, not for the food.I didn't realize it until I sat down that I'd be here before (this might happen to a lot of people with late nights).  The food is... okay.  I tried the wonton soup and a side of BBQ pork.  The BBQ pork was definitely the highlight since the wonton soup was a bit weak on flavor.  My friend made a much better choice in selecting the congee.  I know congee isn't for everyone, but it's a much better option than I had.The service was decent and attentive, nothing to either complain or compliment about.Overall, worth a light night or morning (11am) visit when you need a quick fix meal.
3	One of my least favorite visits here.  I had the fired rice--way too dry, and the ma po tofu--not enough kick!  I need to stay with the noodles, and other off-menu dishes.  Perhaps the Thanksgiving weekend was not the time to come also?  Everyone in Vegas was shopping--The least amount of gambling and restaurant going I have seen at the Mandalay Bay!
2	I'm slowly arriving at the conclusion that the Venetian has no good places to eat (note - at the time of this posting I still had not eaten at Bouchon). With regards to Noodle Asia - Maybe I'm jaded by living in SF where you get great dim sum (Hung Tu Seafood restaurant is my favorite dim sum joint in the bay area if anyone cares) and chinese food in general. This place was nothing to write home about. Standard fare that you can get in any run down Chinese take out place in the U.S. Don't think i need to waste my time on this place anymore.
2	I lived near the Bay Area for 20+ years. I have had better and cheaper chinese food than this place. that being said, the noodles here are big portions, but overpriced.I had the won-ton soup (not very good) and the Ta Lu noodles (ok).I don't think I would ever go back here for chinese food unless i was desperate
4	Very legit Chinese Food in Vegas! Located in the Venetian! Only flaw is that it is a bit pricey, but what's NOT pricey in Vegas?Recommendations: * THE CHICKEN WINGS! --The seasoning is so bomb! I even ate every single piece of the seasoning with my rice! Must try! It comes with only 6 wings so order wisely!* Salted Fish Fried Rice--pretty flavorful! It's a good entree to have! Tip: If you're with a group it is best that you order family style so you can have the best of both worlds ;) and after splitting the check it would be a decent price!
3	So we came in for a late lunch after a night of hardcore drinking and clubbing. I heard the beef noodle soup was one of the dishes I should try here. The beef was so tender and delicious. The noodles were okay. The soup tasted like there was a lot of msg so of course it was very tasty. I didn't try the other items on the menu. I had the view of all the massive televisions with sports on them so that was a plus. The staff was okay, not too bad.
4	Aside from the price, noodle Asia is actually pretty legit Chinese food on the strip, which is hard to come by.  Usually at other major hotels, you get all the ching chong ling long bells and whistles with big gigantic dragons and red and gold walls everywhere and bastardized noodles.  Rest assured this place actually feels like a classy hole in the wall.  I'm not sure how they achieved that but it's been done.The spicy beef noodle soup tastes great.  Fat chunks of beef and the noodles are quite chewy.  But if paying a lot for NRM isn't your thing ($14 a lot)...and if you have a car, then you better run over to China town LV.
1	One of my worst dining experience at Vegas!!. Even though my wife and I are not picky eaters, we felt the same way that both foods(beef noodle and chow men) are very salty and filled with MSG. I don't believe why I had to wait for more than 20 mins to taste this crap!! If you do not have much appetite for very salty MSG with overrated price, do not think of visiting this place. There are many places for good chinese food even in food court at venetian even you do not drive to china town 3 miles away!
4	Maybe it's gone down hill since I was there least a year, but I loved it.  I had the szechwan noodle soup and the flavor was great. It had a nice complexity of flavors and some nice heat to it. The portion was more than enough for me.  The decor definitely leaves a lot to be desired, but I don't give a shit as long as it tastes great. And the prices were decent (by Vegas standards at least).  If people are complaining about spending $11 for a meal in Vegas, I don't know where the fuck they are eating the rest of the time they are there.  I went to a very expensive steakhouse the night before and spent over $100 for a meal I enjoyed less than the one I had at Noodle Asia.And what's the deal with everyone pointing out that they taste MSG? Somehow I doubt that most people can even pick out the flavor of MSG on their pallet. And even if it does have it, I don't come to Vegas to eat healthy. It the city of sin god damn it! I eat what tastes good and this tasted fuckin great when I had it. Hopefully that hasn't changed. I'll find out next time I go back to Vegas.
5	This place is awesome. Very much impressed. It's funny I was the only Non asian person in there lol
5	Best Curry Fried Rice ever. I've been dining here for the past 3 years, everytime i visit vegas. The taste and the quality is top-notch.Conveniently located right next to the poker room.
4	After reading other reviews I'm just going to say, um HELLO of COURSE they put MSG in their food. What good Chinese place doesn't? Why do you think it tastes so good?! If you don't want greasy-MSG-injected food, go have a salad or something. But whatever, you're probably on vacation so you should just go for it and work out when you get home. Or do a few laps up and down the strip.Anyway, I thought this place was one of the best noodle houses I've been to in Vegas. The BBQ pork and roast duck noodle soup was sooo good. So good....
4	Will people stop bitchin' how overpriced the food is here! Your at the Venetian ( not the palace station) and on the strip so what do you expect to pay for fast Asian food? Or you can spend money on a cab and your time to go to Chinatown. We had the won ton noodle soup and the tu lan ( chicken w/ veggies & gravy) noodle soup and they were fine. They satisfied our craving for Chinese. Service was fast and friendly. If you are sensitive to msg they definitely use it liberally. For the convenience, this place is worth going to if u want quick Chinese.
4	good food, cheap, spicy, good portion size...what more do u want....Had the buddha feast and fried rice ...yummy.....will definitely go there again
3	It's pretty tasty but..OVERPRICED!!!! If you live in LA or anywhere where you have access to good cheap Chinese food, you are just going to complain about the prices here.  I mean ok it's Vegas and it's in the Venetian, but $100 for 4 people at lunch! I could've gotten the same meal at Sam Woo for $30!
3	Tucked away in the Venetian casino next to the sports lounge is 'Noodle Asia', what a wonderful name.  So Asian food on the strip, usually sucks right? Well my group was feenin for some noodle soup but not crappy pho so we decide to come here. To be perfectly honest this place wasn't even that bad.  I obviously eat asian food on a daily basis and of course not the best, eh you can't really complain given the demographic and the fact that you're in Vegas. Order the Schezuan noodles, i believe it was the first one under the noodle soup section.  Yes it is $14.00 but don't bitch, its by far the best noodle soup dish, dark broth think oily star anise, tender chunks of beef, some not so much as the others. My friends ordered other noodle soups and mine was by far the best, with the most complex savory tasting broth, scoop in lots of hot sauce, bomb! I just wish the broth was hotter and the meat was more tender, but beggers can't be choosy.  Schezuan noodles + lemonade (free refills) = $20. But if you don't feel like going to chinatown and you're craving some pretty decent asian noodle soup with actual asian dudes (*gasp) cooking in the open kitchen, then come to Noodle Asia.
3	Service was awful! We waited fir our check at least 15 minutes after asking for it.....while we watched our waiter amble about as if he had no idea how a restaurant works. Food was ok. Not worth the wait. That was our first experience.  As this restaurant is right across from the Venetian poker room, we ended up back there 2 more times during our trip...and sat at the counter, not a table, which fixed the service problem.  Also, the soup and dim sum selections are MUCH better than the pan fried noodle dishes (those served like lo mein in a regular Chinese restaurant). So if you stick with soup and dim sum and sit at the counter, you'll be just fine.
4	Noodle Asaaaa sa gud! =)We came here for lunch and got Saigon noodles, combination fried rice, wonton soup, dim sum, and hot & sour soup. All were good and we were all satisfied. The soups were PERFECT for a night of partying in Vegas. Be sure to ask for the chili oil sauce or something.. it makes everything better!
1	We were ignored for 20 minutes after arriving at our table. Normally I wouldn't be so bothered when I have good conversation at the table but the fact that tables that were seated after us were having their drink orders taken and delivered before I had even seen my waiter was irritating. I had to go find a waitress a total of three times before the hostess decided to just come and take our order herself. Our food came out about fifteen minutes later and our drinks finally came out an additional 10 after that (sadly I actually kept track). No one ever came to refill any of our drinks. The only thing that made me feel a little better is that I wasn't the only one who  was receiving this type of service. Three other tables also had to either get up and find someone to take their orders or find someone to print out their checks because they weren't being attended to. Maybe this was just a bad night for Noodle Asia but as far as I'm concerned with horrible service and mediocre food I don't think I will ever return. Nooooo Thanks. I'll get my noodles somewhere else.
4	Definitely hits the spot after coming from Lavo or Tao. The soups and the dishes definitely have an authenticity to it that make it feel like you're dining at a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant in Chinatown in LA, NY, or San Francisco. But once you look at the prices and hear the sounds of slot machines start going off in the distance, you quickly realize that the Chinese restaurant you drunkenly stumbled your way into is inside the Venetian, on the Las Vegas Strip.Though the prices do suck, the food is definitely well worth it and should help sober you up, if you've had one too much to drink. The service can be hit or miss, and luckily for me, the service has been ok each time I've visited here.
4	I have eaten here many times and they deserve a review!  These are the beat noodles in Vegas.  I get the soft noodles with chicken and it is always fantastic!  The service is great but the ambience is less then desirable. It isn't a date place but a great lunch or late night snack.
4	This place is conveniently located inside The Venetian Casino. We came around 8pm on a saturday evening and it was not packed...yet.  The service was not very good because the guy kept forgetting us and rushing us to order. However, once we got the order placed--the dishes came by super fast.We ordered:- Chicken/Mushroom Noodle Soup- Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce- Shrimp Dumplings- Hot and Sour Soup- Cold Jelly Fish Side dishThe Chicken/Mushroom soup came in a nice portion sized bowl and it was not cheap. My dad said the flavor was good , but my mom preferred my hot and sour soup better. There were lots of chicken and mushroom bits in the soup and it was hot (temperature). The Chinese broccoli was excellent, the sauce wasn't generously drizzled on the broccoli which we preferred. The dish was a hit and i would've ordered that again if i came the next time.The Shrimp dumpling (dim sum) was good, but not worth the price. It came lukewarm or not even warm. The dumplings were sticking with each other. but, nonetheless it was food. Hot and sour soup was a hit for my mom and I. I liked it , there were lots of flavor and it gave a kick (spicyness).  I would order this again, but for 5 bucks for a cup is SUPER EXPENSIVE. the cup was not a big cup..so get a bowl if you're hungry. the jelly fish was a slight dissapoint out of all the dishes we tried. It lacked flavor and it wasn't as crunchy as I would have liked it. Overall, we had a good experience, it's legit chinese food that I missed while staying at LV. Definitely not like LA , but its vegas and food is not cheap. I still would come back and try their spicy beef noodle soup. yum!
3	I had their rice soup it was good simple. The hot and sour soup is really good though. It is spendy though just for soup. But it's Vegas what can you expect right?The main lady is very nice and quick.
1	Gross! This place is an overpriced Panda Express. I got simple noodles and they managed to mess it up. The noodles were greasy and mushy with a sick stomach to follow the next day. With all the other great places to eat at in Vegas don't waste your time at this fast food chain in disguise.
3	When you're not sure what time it is, and you need to reload with some carbs and electrolytes while still wearing your PJ's and slippers, or club dress and hat borrowed from someone whose name you can't remember. If one of your fake lashes is barely hanging on, if you're not sure what happened to your other shoe....this is a good place to go.The service is pretty fast.  It's solid middle of the road fare.  These won't be the best noodles of your life, but they won't kill you.  The service is FAST.  This is not the place for your fancy night out in Vegas, it's where you go because you're hungry and NEED to eat SOON.  Ummm, and you can play Keno at the table.
4	Very Clean.  Nice service. Variety of selections on their menu.  I had the Szechuan Beef Noodle Bowl and Mike Desort had Pork and Roast Duck Noodle Bowl.  Why does other people's order always look better...?  I couldn't resist...I had to grab some from him...I was enjoying Beef Bowl, but I couldn't keep my eyes off his order...I would definitely come here again.  The price was reasonable...
4	need soup to cure that hangover?? You have a good variety here.  I had the Szechuan Beef Noodle.  It was pretty spicy, but in a good way.  For a meal on the strip, the price point isn't too bad.  The wait staff is friendly and tentative.  They were able to accommodate 10 people pretty easily.  If I'm craving some soup while on the strip, I'll be sure to go back.
4	Wife loves the schezuan beef soup and fried rice. Good Chinese food that's somewhat authentic. Price is somewhat steep $35 for noodle soup and fried rice.
4	Possibly the best Chinese comfort food we've found in Las Vegas. While in San Francisco we've scoured the land for great beef noodle soup and have tried our fair share. So to say Noodle Asia stacks up in ranking was surprising to me. The broth is spicy and flavorful with generous chunks of beef. And although portions are big, you still feel like you want more after your first helping. The seating area is nicely lit and provides a warm, comfortable ambiance that helps you recover from the long night out. Sometimes I feel we go to Las Vegas just for this place.
4	The food is decent and the atmosphere is very casual. The best part is that they are open until 3am for that late night noodle craving.
3	I love this place because if you want something noodle or rice inside the Venetian, this is the place to be.  It's great for idiots who love to gamble their fucking money away all night long like idiots who have no tomorrow.  But the only thing I always order is the spicy beef tripe.  That's what I love. I allways try to order something else. but it's too Goddamned expensive because it's on the Strip.  So if you're a drunk or gambler who doesn't really care how much you spend. Do it, IDIOT!!!
1	Horrible horrrrrrrible horrible!!!  Waitor seats us then leaves us an appetizer...  We have never here before so we assumed this was complimentary.  Well it wasn't.  So what happens next?? The waitor tells us, "This is for the the table next to you or pay for it.". Whaaaaat?  Then I honeslty spoke softly saying, :"we didn't know". ... Then 10 mins later he shows up with nothin and asks for our order! Are you kidding me????  I asked him to apologize for the mistake and for which he did not do.  THIS PLACE SUCKS! DONT DO IT.
4	After a lonnnnng day of walking, the husband and I decided to get some Egg Drop Soup. Since it was late and we were staying at Planet Hollywood, we got it to go. If you ask me, it's a pretty brave thing to ask for SOUP to go after 9PM and you have to make a long walk back to your hotel. But, the husband managed to get the soup back to the room safely.We paid less than $10 for the "bowl" size and honestly, it was big enough to fill us both up for the night. While it took awhile for them to get the soup to us (it was pretty busy), the workers were still pretty attentive and helpful to us, even if we were hanging out outside. The guy who packed our soup taped down the lid and make sure to include spoons and napkins (major plus for caring)!The soup itself? DELICIOUS. It was exactly what we needed to comfort us after a long day.Next time we go we're definitely coming back for the Egg Drop Soup here!
2	We just arrived at Las Vegas and only ate Del Taco before we came. So we were definitely hungry! On top of that, we had to get ready for Tao Nightclub, so even more hungry! We found this place in The Venetian and next to Tao Nightclub, so we decided to try it out. The restaurant looked very nice and chic, but then again it had to be, located in The Venetian remember?!What we ordered:1. Black pepper beef udon-The beef was very fresh and the udon was made just right. However, it was a bit oily for my liking, but I was way too hungry, so I finished this whole plate! Lol!2. Seafood mix udon-This was not a good dish at all...The seafood didn't taste that fresh. The flavor was bland and not very satisfying. 3. Tea-Watered down...Need to put more leaves in it to make sure the tea has flavor.The service here was good, four stars.Overall, I wouldn't recommend coming here for Chinese food, should have went to Chinatown. =(
4	This place had me hypnotized. There are 30 restaurants in the Venetian and I had my first 3 meals here. I'm not a Chinese food or noodle freak. I just really liked the food, either that or they got me hooked on MSG or something. Whatever I was, I couldn't take my palette off them for 2 days and I will be searching for food of similar quality back in Philly. I've decided to check Chinatown since I think it's likely there are a few Chinese restaurants there.
3	Surprisingly authentic Chinese cuisine, very reasonably priced, swift service. Servers, clientele and kitchen are Chinese...this is usually a good sign. Great spot to grab a quick snack.Wanted something light and had the wonton soup, which was perfectly light and refreshing. Comes in both cup and bowl. They also serve traditional bone-in chicken soup with ginger - would try this next. Has a few classic dimsum selections if you're craving a quick snack (ha gao, shiu mai, pot stickers, spring rolls). Tried the shrimp & chive pan-fried dumplings, which were excellent. Was unimpressed with the Five Spice Tofu - was told the tofu was braised, but it's actually fried and bland without the XO chili sauce on top.Service was pleasant and professional, servers also speak Chinese.NOTE: Hard-to-find - stumbled upon the cafe randomly while walking through the casino floor - it is hidden in the back corner of the Venetian casino floor by the betting screens.
4	Whoa! Why didnt I know about this place before!? Took a random trip to Vegas this weekend. Lost my friends at Tao so I some how ended up here at the noodle spot and I asked what was the most popular dish. The lady picked out Szechwan Beef noodle soup. And it was damn good! Serious flavor going on here and the noodles were good. Actually came back the 2nd day with my friend and got roasted duck and bbq pork noodle soup. This place definitely hits the spot :)
4	Review is purely on the food because this is just standard quick casino fare and the venue is hard to find on the Venetian casino floor.Had the beef noodle soup.  I'm not chinese so not an expert but the noodles were hand made and soup was delicious.  I would recommend you try this dish.  Also tried the seafood pan fried noodles which were excellent as well, some of the best I've had in awhile.  We also had the siu mai which were passable.  Overpriced for what it is but if you're gambling at the Venetian and you want some noodles, I would try this over the crap pizza and sandwiches they have at the other end of the casino.
4	Is it overpriced? Yes.  Is it the best Chinese food I've had? No.  BUT it is the best Chinese food on the strip in Las Vegas and hence the generous 4 stars on Yelp.Noodle Asia has always hit the spot when I'm in Las Vegas and craving Chinese food.  I only wish they would open a tad bit later to let me wander in drunk fulfilling the craving for a hot bowl of won ton noodle soup.  For those thinking the high review is because of eating under influence that is not true.  I've been here drunk, sober, and hung over and all three circumstances Asia Noodle has always been good to me.  I even try to stay inside the Venetian or Palazzo just so I don't have to go outside and face the elements to get to my beloved Asia Noodle.Won Ton Noodle Soup (with and without BBQ pork), Night Market Fried Rice, Hot and Sour Soup, and the BBQ Combination Plate are my standard fare here.On a side note, Asia Noodle recently got a facelift and looks a lot fancier than it did before.  For you sports fan nuts out there, they even have bar seating that faces the Cantor's sports book so you don't have to unglue your eyes from the game while eating.
3	Pricey. Like most of Vegas, this place looks and smellsgreat. Food - it hit the spot but I won't wake up in themiddle of the night screaming Noodles Asia! like she wassome long lost hot lover I wish I had married. No. Thisis the type of place you just go to because you're starving and just tired of walking and hey - open till 3AM. Almostlike New York! This place is right off the casino floor in a little corner within The Venetian. I had the Dan Dan Noodles. Very filling but a little dry and not as flavorful as I was hoping for. The service was very attentive and decentthough.
2	Let me start off by writing why I gave this restaurant a 2 star rating. I give it  2 because the combination fried rice my fiance ordered was really good and taste authentic. My visit here was horrible!! and whatever your definition of horrible is I must say I agree. We ordered our food @ exactly 11:11 my fiance's rice arrived at 11:35 not bad right?  24 minutes after ordering I'm sure the food is gonna be great. Around 11:40 umm where is my  food? (we ask athe server)  I then taste his rice and oh yes his rice is really good. 11:45 I still don't have  my food 11:48 okay? well now that he's done eating I think we should pay for what we ordered. I tell the server to please give us the check, he then tries to give us the check and the rest of our order to go! I was like really? really? I told him I don't want the food and that we will only pay for what we received. Not one person gave us an explanation on why we never received the rest of our order and or tried to appologize for what happened. I was upset and hungry, not a good combination but hey my fances combination fried rice was delicious. So unless you have time for someone else to waste your time, go right ahead and enjoy the food!
5	I don't know why everyone is complaining about Noodle Asia being overpriced.  What in Vegas isn't overpriced?  Get real people!!  If you want to eat regular priced food, go to McDonald's or Burger King.  Don't eat at any restaurant inside a casino...The food here is the best Chinese in town.  It's authentic Chinese, not the fake, greasy, and nasty Panda Express.  It has real authentic flavors and all the chefs in the kitchen are actually Chinese, so you know the food is good and for real here.Even the hot sauce in the white container on the table is good, and I see many Venetian guests order takeout and probably bring it back to their rooms to eat.  That's how good the food is here.Service is alright so there's really nothing to complain about here.  For Vegas, this place is definitely 5 stars.  For all you haters bickering about the price, don't complain about the price ... grow up and man up if you want to eat a restaurant in Vegas.  Jeez.
4	Not so bad for hotel Chinese at a resort like the Venetian...Best Chinese on the strip; must go to Spring Mountain Road for better.  No Walnut Honey Prawns, but a good menu of real Chinese dishes mixed in with stuff non-Chinese could believe was Chinese. We had four kids and a Nanny and they made room for us. Magnificent red gloss painted trim. Remodel bumped out big windows to see sports bar next door...good for him; not so happy for her; unless she has money on the game.
4	Tip:  If you're a small party and do not want to wait for a table, go straight to the bar and grab a seat.  No wait with instant service.My Review:I ordered the Schezuan Beef Noodles, and damn that sh*t was a bowl full of deliciousness.  If you're in the mood  for noodles but not wanting pho, I highly recommend coming here and ordering this dish.  Noodles were definitely fresh, the broth had a nice kick to it, and the chucks of beef with tendons still attached made my day.  Perfect for a hangover.  I wouldn't order the dim sum here though, our shrimp har gow tasted like it was sitting on a warmer/steamer for too long.
3	While staying at the Venetian last week, we decided to stop by here for a quick lunch after checking-in.Their menu has several Americanized dishes as well as traditional Chinese dishes.  Sure, it's a little overpriced for mediocre Chinese food -- but you're in Vegas.  What isn't pricey there?  We ordered the pineapple fried rice which was really plain and flavorless... I had to add a lot of hot sauce to it.  The Singapore noodles were alright but they were just way too greasy.  I enjoyed the fried dumplings and the spicy ravioli, (I'm not sure how you would mess that up though) and the service was consistent.
1	I don't often write reviews... But I had to share our awful experience... Ordered dumplings and two noodle dishes for my partner and I... App came quickly, followed by my partners noodle dish... Then we waited... And waited... And asked for mine... Finally after 20 minutes, I decided to cancel it, and we left... This was an awful dining experience, especially for Vegas. Plus, the food we did have, wasn't good...
3	Meh.....just meh.Good sized portions, but average tasting. Chicken lettuce ($13) wraps were pretty yummy. Black peppered beef udon ($15), wok tossed, had a strange taste so had to send it back. Mongolian beef ($16) I would not order again. Service was somewhat slow, had to ask one waiter who had to ask another waiter to get our waiter when we needed something. Had to ask for refills. Had to ask for bill. If your hungry and dont have high expectations this is your place.
1	Woahhhhhhh. Service needs some (LOADS) work. The food itself is pretty good considering its Vegas, the price is very reasonable for being Vegas. It is definitely the place to go. The location is bomb. Food is bomb (when you are slightly inebriated). Service has something to be desired. I realize that they have to deal with drunk people all day and night BUT I WAS SOBER. My problem is with the service. Not once did someone come to refill our waters. I happened to down my water in the first 5 minutes at the table. YES I was hungover. YES my mouth was like the Sahara desert. Everything was pretty do it ourselves including getting our bill. Had to flag down 2 different people just to get our ONE bill. This is the part that gets me. When the lady came by with our check she handed it to us then proceeded to STARE US DOWN AND BREATH ON US until we put a card in and returned it to her. UM.. can we please get a minute to ourselves since we had to give you 10 minutes to even get this to us? Life isn't always fair I guess. Then the lady returned WITHOUT the credit card we had put in it but with somebody else's signed receipt. The only thing that could make the service worse at this point was if she started eating off of our plates. I'm glad the service was nonexistent when we needed it but the minute we wanted to pay everyone was at our table, not always with the right checks but at our table nonetheless. That really sealed the deal. Glad you took the time out to make us so uncomfortable and unwanted so I could reflect it in your tip. BTW. I'M STILL WAITING FOR MY WATER TO BE REFILLED, even after you stood at our table for a full 5 minutes. Glad you wanted me to die from my MSG induced coma!
4	Delish, authentic, and hits the spot. Pricey for this type of food, but come on, we are in Vegas and at the Venetian. This place would be the bomb for a late night meal after drinking, I'd imagine. I've had the noodle soup, porridge, potstickers...ask for the chili oil to drizzle over your food, this one is super flavorful and good. A gem on The Strip!
3	The Thai Si Jiu Beef Noodle is pretty good here. The Xo Shrimp is good too. Ordered the beef strew noodle the other day and got a whole lot of fat & no meat. sigh.
4	Authentic.  Delicious.  In the middle of the Venetian casino.  Service is friendly, decor is simple, it's really just all about the food.  And very affordable food for its location.I don't recommend the pan fried dumplings but everything else was delicious!  I could have been in LA Monterey Park Chinatown, this food was so spot-on.  And even the cook staff was Asian.  You know that's a good sign.
3	I ordered the beef rice noodles which were good but too much noodles, too little chewy soft beef and like three stings of sprouts and 3 onion slices.A little too grease and overpriced.I guess it would be a good hang over lunch but for the money you can do better.I would go back if I'm like right there and ready to eat.
2	The infamous noodle bowl wasn't impressive. Although, the crispy noodle dish was impeccable! The service was horrendous. The server forgot my boyfriend's order and we had to flag down two other servers until our server came. Water was never refilled! What a disappointment!
4	Was starving when i went to eat there last night and on the waitresses recommendation ordered the spicy beef soup which was delicious! Also had har gow and red wonton things for entree. The BBQ pork and duck on rice was ok. For the 2 of us including a pot of tea was $53 tip not included. Compared to other places in Vegas.. Tasty and a bargain and the waitress was excellent. Food came out quick as well. Definitely would eat here again!
3	Food lacked in flavor...however, the presentation was decent and the quality was good. I wouldn't come back though...it's pricey and I think I prefer cheap sloppy fake "Chinese food" from Panda express or your local wok anyways.
5	Pricey! ouch! never paid this much for the same style dishes in SF but here is vegas and it is pricey no matter what restaurants you dine on the strip hotels. I am just glad that their Chinese food is authentic! I have been here couple times over the past few years their level of service and quality of food have been consistent, will keep coming back!
4	I was pretty intoxicated when I visited this place so the very "openness" of the restaurant didn't bother me. The layout is like that of how you sit in a mall food court. But nonetheless, I had what I'd consider to be probably the best Kung Pao Chicken I've ever had. And the prices are reasonable considering everything cost more in Vegas!
3	Had the (not on the menu) wor won ton, fried, rice, beef, & combo noodles. All good.  Service lacking they brought 2 plates only then the next 2 orders ten minutes later, warm beer, when we ask for a new cold beer they only gave  ice for the beer you don't want water down beer.  Also they forgot the appetizers so they're going to bring it with our meal I told them to cancel it.  No good! Good food poor managment. Won't be back.
5	Before you judge me of giving a 5-star review to a Chinese restaurant in Vegas, I need to explain myself. Yes, I am surprised even at myself for giving a 5-star rating to a casual Chinese restaurant.  No, sweet & sour pork and lemon chicken are not in my repertoire of Chinese food.  No, I was not drunk when I visited the restaurant; and I think reviews by those who admitted being drunk and their judgement impaired should be tossed out.   I am picky so I do not like just anything.  I grew up in Hong Kong, have travelled to major Chinese cities, and have lived in both Vancouver and San Francisco for many years so I know my Chinese foods.I do have to emphasize though that my rating is based on one dish that I had.My parents and I were spending a few days in Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  After coming out from "O", my parents retired to their room for the evening.  I was getting hungry even though we had a big lunch so I wandered around to check out the restaurants opening late in Palazzo / Venetian where we stayed.  I had been to Noodles in Bellagio and Zine in Palazzo.  Both were decent so I thought I would give Noodle Asia a try.The menu is quite extensive.  The prices are very reasonable considering that it is a hotel restaurant.  I ordered a plate of fried rice with Chinese sausages, egg white and Chinese broccoli.  It didn't take long until a generous serving arrived.   It looked just as simple as the menu suggested with 3 ingredients and rice.  I took a bite and I said to myself, "OMG.  This is the best fried rice I've ever had."  And it was, seriously, the best fried rice I've ever had anywhere!  The Chinese sausage slices were sweet and tender.  The egg whites were fluffy.  However, the rice was the star of the dish.  It was not browned with dark soy sauce and it has all the flavours from being fried in a hot and well-seasoned wok.  The plate was just under $14.  Although the restaurant is a essentially a cafe but it was far better than any $15 - $18 fried rice dishes served in many other well appointed restaurants.A few weeks later and I still remember the dish.  My partner is going to Vegas for a conference in a couple of weeks and I told him he needed to go there and order the rice if he could only eat out once.
3	For Chinese food in Vegas, Noodle Asia is fairly decent for noodle/soup-ish related items (China Grill at Mandalay Bay is better for other dishes I think). The won ton soup is pretty good-- nice flavors and whatnot, though I do think all the dishes here are a bit overpriced. But hey, it's Vegas, where everything is grossly overpriced.Service is also a little bit slow for some things. Especially for big groups, it would be nice if all the food could come out at the same time, rather than having some people wait extra time.Location wise, it's right in the middle of the Venetian, next to the casino floor, and we probably would not have come here if it was not for the fact that we were staying at the Venetian and it was convenient and it was soupy.tl;dr: Yummy soups and noodles, but a bit pricey for what you're getting (though I don't know why you would be expecting something cheap...)
4	I stayed in Venetian for a conference last month and tried Noodle Asia. It is authentic. I tried the spicy Sichuan beef noodle dish. It was delicious. I finished the whole bowl of noodle, plus all beef and every drop of the soup. The price is a bit high and it is located right in the middle of the casino. The decor is not bad.
3	As it's a restaurant located inside an upscale hotel like the Venetian, I'm not going to complain that the food is overpriced. Why? Because if you're dining inside the Venetian, you should expect to pay double of what you normally pay at an independent restaurant. The inside of this restaurant is really nice though with a "food-court" setup for the tables and chairs.There is a direct view of the kitchen no matter where you sit. We were worried that our food would take a while to come out since there were so many tables in front of us that haven't gotten their food. However, our entrees came out super fast! The food was piping hot and you can tell it just came off the grill.But the quality? Definitely not authentic-tasting and lacked flavor. You can always add soy sauce to make it more satisfying. I think the food came off the grill a little TOO soon, almost like the chefs rush through all of their orders and don't have time to season the dishes more carefully.Bottom line: I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're really hungry and don't mind fishing out extra money to eat sub-par Chinese food.
3	Pretty good dim sum. Hot and sour soup was just OK. Pot stickers were pretty good too. Nothing to write home about but WAY WAY better than Zine.(the atmosphere was much better at Zine but I will take food over atmosphere anytime!).
3	My 2nd time eating here and I would say some dishes taste better than others.  Fujian style fried rice is good.  Their noodle soups are just ok.  I would dine here when I don't feel like making a trip to LV Chinatown or buffets wear me out.  A bit expensive and small portions!
4	This is the go-to place for the best hangover food.  The servers are not the most friendly, but I'm willing to forgo their services because their food is AH-MAZ-ING~~!!!  Our order:Won Ton Soup - GOODMiso Soup - Ok.  I thought the miso soup would be a small bowl but I was mistaken (I ordered miso soup AND Beef Congee).  It was a gigantic bowl.  It's pretty much an entree in itself.Red Won Tons - DELICIOUSSiu Mai (6) - It's ok.  I've had better (esp at Elite.  See review for Elite).Beef Congee - The Congee is probably the BEST congee I've ever had in my entire life.  I've had congee from pretty much every Chinese restaurant and even ventured into New York's Chinatown to the highly acclaimed Congee Village).  The porridge is cooked perfectly and not watery or too thick.  It was PERFECT.  Fish Filet CongeePork and Special Preserved Egg Congee I will go back to Noodle Asia just for the congee.  It's a God-send.  I guarantee it.
3	Okay chinese food found in venetian hotel.  Order the beef lo-mein, pork and special preserved egg congee, pot stickers, cantonese style fried rice, szechwan beef noodle soup.  Prices are pretty pricy for asian food but what do you expected if ordering food from hotel, everything is priced up.  Best thing about this place was the location since it was in venetian and I was staying in the venetian.  Didn't have to walk to far to get there.  Will probably come back to eat here when staying at the venetian or plazzo.
4	This place is one of my preferred late night or early morning restaurants. The Singapore noodles dish is amazing. Their wonton soup is absolutely to die for.
3	food is good, service is ok, speed is way too slow...we had our main entrees first and appetizers came after...if u are looking for a causual dinning, it should work out.
4	Wherever you live in the world, when you're inebriated at 2-5AM and need some sustenance to absord your liquid-filled belly, you probably stop by a local, cheap, tasty, and fatty hotspot to get your fill and make it home in one piece.In Vegas, after you're done partying at TAO (the best nightclub in Vegas) at the Venetian, your option is Noodle Asia. Open 24 hours a day, it has very good Chinese food of all sorts. - Dim sum, check.- Noodles of all variety (cold/hot, dry/wet, veggie filled/pork/chicken/beef/sauced up), check.- More rice plate choices than grains of rice on your plate, check.So what's not to like? Oh, just the $13-20 prices for a plate of quality Chinese food you can purchase at any local Chinatown for $5-7.But when in Vegas / on vacation.... go to Noodle Asia to sober yourself up after TAO.
3	Okay Chinese food nothing special. The good thing is that they are open late, about the only place. Came here twice late at night. First time I had the egg flower soup. We shared the Mongolian beef and rice. Pot of hot oolong tea. Mongolian beef tasted good to me but a bit spicy for my gf. So the next time we had orange chicken. Eggflower soup tasted different the next time, not as tasty.Service is good.
3	Good food, okay service.If you're looking for good authentic Asian food in the Venetian in Vegas, this is your place.  However, like many of the very authentic Asian restaurants, the service was completely lacking.  Our waitress visited our table only twice, once to take our order and the second time to bring the bill.  Otherwise a server brought our food, and no stopped by again to ask if we needed anything else. I tired to send back a plate because it wasn't what I wanted, and the hostess essentially told me "no", because they'd through the food away and it'd be wasted... so I just kept it and ate, but after a few more bites it wasn't all that bad after all  :-)I guess what they lack in service they make up for in the food.
5	I have eaten at all the fantastic food Vegas has to offer, love the steaks at Cut and Mastro's, dinner at Mario Battali's but no matter what I eat my favorite is always Noodles Asia!  I will get off the plane and want to come here for my Siu Mai and Szechuan Beef noodle soup.  I can't find anything close to it and I won't even bother to try and make it.  But the yummy chilis, tasty soup broth and those chewy noodles always leaving me wanting more...Vegas is not a trip without visiting Noodles Asia!
5	Can't argue with 3am and i can get food  So great.My recent staples are Spicy beef noodle soup Fried rice seafood. Stir fry string beanPan toasted noodle with mix seafood. Yum.
5	FOOK GEEN CHOW FAN. (Fried rice, crack sauce, mushrooms, veggies, shrimp, and more good shit. CANNOT GO WRONG! It's off the menu but we get this EVERY time we go to vegas. Best hangover food you can get. & it's location is awesome!
4	awesome food at great prices! open sooooo late, like chinatown!
3	3.5 stars. the bf LOVES this place and kept recommending it "it's so delicious; best, super authentic beef noodle soup; my friends and i all love it " but then again - what does he know? service is average. food is expensive for chinese, but cheap for vegas. szechwan beef noodle soup is actually surprisingly awesome and i'd give that ONE dish a 5.... but all the rest is maybe a 2.5/ 3.... tea bags for the tea, sad grayish siu mai... and the kimchi is good, but $$$. stick to the szechwan beef noodle soup!!7/30 yelp challenge
1	Avoid this restaurant!!!In the biggest hotel in the world with 39 restaurants, this should be your last choice.The ambient is terrible: really bright lights, a high ceiling and a really open space reminds me of a mess hall from a outpost. The windows are really big and the restaurant partially open, which makes you feel like in a shop window and exposed. The noise from the Cassino mixes up with the noise from the kitchen.The menu is out of laminated paper: compared to leather covers from the other 29 restaurants, it looks cheap.The service is friendly but does not talk fluent English. The food gets thrown to your table in less than 5 min after ordering: it was pre-cooked!The taste of the food is terrible. A lot of grease, duck with feathers yet and no spices at all on the food. Did I mentioned greasy??The value for money is absence, since I can get a great spaghetti with sea food for the same price in at least three other restaurants in the resort.One star for the friendly service and for the food not making me sick!
3	Service was fast and the food come out quickly, but the food is not very tasty and the prices are ceiling high. If I wasn't too hungry, i wouldn't eat here.
4	THE place to be after drinking and walking all over the strip!  Tucked away next to the casino floor and the Venetian sports book, this was not an obvious choice unless you were already in the Venetian.My wife and I shared the chicken lo mein which was quite delicious, but strangely included red and green peppers.  I was on cloud 9 once I added the garlic pepper paste to crank it up to 10.  We added in the bbq roast pork which was dry, but the sauce made up for it.  We also had the obligatory "crab" rangoon, which was suprisingly good.  So often rangoon can be stale and chewy...not so at Noodle Asia.Based solely on food I would give this place 3 stars, but since it satisfied an incredible craving for me, I bumped it up a notch!
1	Last Sunday evening, I went there alone and was seated immediately at the bar. No one was at the bar and they were not crazily busy at that time. 5 minutes later, still no one to take my order or offer me anything. Then a Caucasian couple sat at one end of the bar, they got their orders almost immediately. A few minutes later, 2 more Caucasian couples sat at the other end of the bar, they got their orders almost right away. Then the same waitress came over to take my order with an attitude. Got my water and waited. While the 1st couple almost finished their food, My appetizer just arrived. Another Caucasian sat next to me, got his order right away, while I continued to wait for my entree. Almost every one at the bar was done with their meals and left, my entree was still no where to find. I flagged down the manager and started to say "I was the 1st one to arrive..." The manager could not wait for me to finish my statement and said she'd check. No apologies, no nothing. She went through a big pile of order tickets to dig out my order. Then I still had to wait for another 5 minutes to get my entree. Guess what, it was burnt. I picked through unburnt pieces, paid with a 20% tip and left.
3	I've ate here a lot in the past.   I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but if I'm hungry, and they're in front of me, I'll find myself sitting down at one of their tables.  Good stuff.  Dishes I remember my grandmother making.  But nothing that compared to her recipes
5	5 stars.I know...ironic isn't it? How could a noodle restaurant in Las Vegas be this good? Well, ask yourself this: would a noodle restaurant located in the Venetian be able to survive if it WASN'T this good?I keep coming back for the schezwan noodle soup (niu ro mein). The soup is so wonderfully rich and complex with just a hint of spiceness. It's so deliciously satisfying and soothing! The noodles have just the right amount of bite. I wish the meat was just a little bit more tender, but still very good nonetheless. I still don't understand why they niu ro mein is so much better here than at any place I've had in Alhambra/Monterey Park. Shrugs...oh well. Just try it for yourself and swing by the Bouchon bakery afterwards for dessert.
5	One of the pictures on this got my attention and I wanted to try the Szechwan Beef. I am not saying this was the best Szechwan beef noodle soup I have ever had in my life but during that moment, after a night of heavy drinking, it was perfect. Usually, pho would do the trick, but I think this will be my new hangover meal.The broth was spiced just right. I did not have to add any other sauces or condiments, with the exception of more chili peppers because I like it very spicy. The beef came in large cubes and I honestly wished they added more just because it was that good. The noodles were perfect, tender but not mushy like it was over cooked.  The service was also great! My water glass never went more than half empty. The food came promptly and all within the same time! Next time I am in Vegas, I will be here again.
5	Authentic chinese food at the strip. Reasonably priced, i can actually say that it is very affordable considering it is inside the Venetian casino. The shumai, siomai or simply pork dumplings, it is just so delicious. I had to order 2 every time cause it is jusy so damn good. The fried rice is a good portion, i can say it is good for 2 people. My husband had the beef brisket soup noodle and it is just like being in China. This place is one place u would always come back to. One day, we ate there twice. For lunch and dinner, just can't get enough of Noodle Asia, and oh did i mention that service is fast. They have about 5 or 6 cooks in the cooking station and they make it right away so it is yummy and hot when served!
4	Had the egg drop soup which was pretty standard.I ordered the Singapore Chow Fun which, to my surprise, was great. It was seasoned well, had good flavor from the wok, and was up to par with an authentic Chinese restaurant (NOT take-out).Though the prices are a little higher given the restaurant's location, it was definitely a great value considering the amount of food you get.Service was good, except our waiter didn't speak English very well. We were trying to figure out what on the menu was vegetarian-friendly, but the term "vegetarian" is very loosely interpreted by Chinese people. Should've busted out the Canto!
4	Used to come here a lot and always found the food to be good but the service to be horrible.  Lo and behold, they listened to the complaints and really upped the service to beyond good, it's actually amazing.  Great food, great service.  Didn't give it 5 stars because it's expensive.
3	Service wasn't great. The food was ok.
4	My family has been coming here for years whenever we are in Vegas. This place will give you a quick Asian fix if you need it and don't feel like driving to the Chinatown area.I like the fried rice and BBQ pork and roast duck noodle soup. Decently authentic with typical Chinese restaurant status service and tourist Las Vegas prices. Check it out if you're looking for an Asian place around this side of town.
2	What a ripoff! I thought that this classy place in the Venetian with astronomical prices for Chinese food might at least be good, but I had what was one of the most expensive and worst bowls of rice porridge here. For $11 a bowl, I expect an incredible pork and preserved egg porridge. What I got:Watery flavorless porridge with about 1/4 of preserved egg and some stewed pork. You'd think at this price, one would get a whole preserved egg. Seriously stingy.  The pork was good, that's why it even has any stars.
3	yay for some soup but BOO on the prices.  What was I expecting though in Vegas at a casino?  HAHA.  The Szechaun beef noodle soup was pretty spicy but not too shabby.  The dumpling skins were pretty tasty as well - definitely home made! I'm sure anyone will frequent this place with a night of drinking.
4	I ordered the Ba Bao Noodles to go while staying at the Venetian and I was impressed. The dish was $14, which is extremely affordable in Vegas terms. The dish comes Mandarin noodles topped with jumbo shrimp in a spicy, shrimp sauce and peanuts, stir-fried Napa cabbage, Chinese mushrooms, spinach. The spicy, shrimp sauce was beautifully authentic tasting.Need I say more really, conveniently located in the hotel right off the casino floor, I wanted to go to Noodle Asia every day I was there.
3	It's OK. I came here because my coworker was sick and all she wanted to eat while we were in Vegas was noodle soup. Such a waste of a Vegas trip when I wanted to go try the new Caesar's buffet. But whatever. I ordered the pai goo noodles, which were fine. The broth was a little on the bland side, but there was a generous amount of both noodles and pork. The lamb chops were super disappointing. It had been fried, which was not in the description at all, and I could barely taste the lamb. And it was like $10! So not worth it.My coworker ordered some spicy noodle soup dish, which she mostly finished. But it seemed that it wasn't very spicy because she piled so much extra chili sauce into it. Also, based on the speed of the service and the way our dishes looked, it seems like  the base is the same for everything and they just pile on different toppings.
5	My favorite late night joint on the strip, hands down. Why I love this place:1. Convenient location2. Open late3. Home style cooking (even the chefs are Asian)4. I've never had to wait to be seated5. Fast and friendly service6. Decent prices for being on the stripI usually get the congee (rice porridge) with thousand year old egg. It warms the soul :)
4	Spicy beef noodle soup!!!They serve dim sum, but we came solely for the soup after a long night of fist pumping. Service isn't too warm and friendly, but they're prompt. The beef noodle soup comes out piping hot, and the broth has just the perfect amount of spice. The chunks of beef are soft and exude flavor, and the noodles are great. LOVED it!! It's also perfect for hangovers... just saying. Definitely want to make this one of our stops on our many Vegas excursions.
4	The beef noodle soup and Black Pepper beef udon are great!  But they lose a star for charging for tea...Next to the sports book at the Venetian.Expect to wait for a seat during standard meal times.Service is spotty when they get busy so you need to get the attention of the waiter.Best noodles of any Chinese restaurant in Vegas.
3	3.5 stars. All I got was a cup of wonton soup because I needed breakfast. It was pretty good and larger than I expected for the price! Service was also very fast, especially since I was just by myself. I was seated very promptly at the bar.
3	Fair food.  Way too expensive for what it is, but it is located within the Casino, so I guess you have to pay for convince.
4	Love their beef noodle soup, pork noodle soup, and minced beef rice. A must have for me when I visit Vegas. Though everything here is quite pricey and two people ordering one entree each of either a noodle dish or a rice dish can easily end up with a bill of $40+ dollars, they use high quality ingredients I believe b/c I don't get the nasty feeling afterwards from low quality oil and/or ingredient like I get from some other cheaper Chinese restaurants. At times, they do get super busy though.  You could be standing in line for 20-30 minutes waiting to be seated and then find out that you need to wait for another 30 minutes or more for your food.  But it was fine for me coz I have no time pressure when I'm in Vegas :)
5	I still say Dan Dan Noodles should be listed under Soups. Otherwise, the food is excellent and the Red Wontons are to die for! We stop here whenever we're in Vegas.
3	I would rate this place as 3 1/2 stars.Noodle Asia is located in the Venetian's casino, and the place is open late. Most of the customers and workers were Chinese, and the food was pretty good. My favorite was the wonton noodle soup, with big wontons and some bok choy. At around 12.00 for a large bowl, it is pretty reasonable for a restaurant in the casino. Definitely try this place fo something quick and good while gambling.
3	Decided to have some soft noodles with shrimp, pork, calamari and vegetables.  The soup was tasty, but did need to be spiced up.  A hair was found in the fried rice dish which they quickly replaced and comped the plate.  This place is very busy and the food is usually pretty good.  Aside from the hair, it wasn't bad.
4	Legit Chinese inside a casino in Vegas? What? Yes, it does exist. It may be pricier than heading to Chinatown, but its IN the strip so if you are just visiting Vegas its a good option. I'm pretty sure someone on management just hired the people from their favorite Chinese restaurant to run this place because the English was sketchy and the food was legit. Unfortunately it was a little hard to determine what was actually vegetarian so I just ended up with a very simple noodle dish.. but all my meat eating friends left very happy.
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas!  When you're dehydrated, hungover and exhausted and probably hungry b/c you haven't had a square meal all weekend, Noodle Asia is the perfect place to go!  A meal here works wonders!  I love their shrimp fried rice and schechwan beef noodle soup (add some white vinegar)!
3	Hey, not bad.I was actually dreading coming here initially. A huge group of us just flew in to Vegas and now we're starrrrving. We wanted a place closeby, and somehow we stumbled upon it. I'm happy to say my food was not drenched in tons of oil or MSG, like usual Asian restaurants! The portions are deceiving, too... it doesn't look like a lot, but it's filling! Especially noodles, since they're carbs.I recommend the spicy peanut noodles. I'm a sucker for those... definitely not as good as the ones in the bay area, but not complaining. I split it with my friend actually, and it didn't seem like enough, but after a few minutes of sitting around waiting for the check, I felt satisfied. I didn't get to try any of the soup noodles, but they all looked pretty good. Seemed like everyone enjoyed their food... lots of leftovers, too!
3	Pretty decent dim sum and wonton soup.  A good choice if you're getting a bit tired of Vegas food.
3	Located inside The Venetian, Noodle Asia is apparently a very convenient place for people to fulfill their soup craving after a whole night of drinking and dancing, especially Asians. Like what I just said, we found our way to Noodle Asia after checking-out on Sunday after drinking and dancing til 4am and sleeping for like 2-3 hours. We didn't expect to get cheap and good China-Town-noodle-soups, but NOodle Asia definitely didn't disappoint us.They have many different types of Chinese noodle soups, Dim Sum, Appetizers, and other dishes like rice and fried noodles which I didn't look at. We ordered Ha Cao and Xiu Mai from Dim Sum. The Xiu Mai came out pipping hot. It was VERY good. All of us love it very much. We then waited soooooooo long for the Ha Cao to come out. The Ha Cao was Okay in my opinion. The shrimps inside were very fresh and cooked just perfect; however, the skin outside was a lil over-cooked, so it was kinda powdery and a lil bit mashed. The good Ha Cao skin should be a bit chewy. We then waited very long again for our noodles to come out. 2 wonton noodle soups for my cousins came out first. And about 5 minutes later, my wonton soup came out. i seriously don't understand why it took them longer to make my wonton soup while mine was exactly like my cousins' wonton noodle soups without the noodles. It didn't make any sense to me. But anyway, the soup was very good. The broth is clear. Wonton seemed to be freshly made. I tried the noodles from my cousin, and they were cooked just right. Very good. The other 2 girls ordered spicy beef noodle soups. The beef was very tender. Lots of meat also. They like it. Service meets standard. The place looks clean and modern which is no surprise because it is located in the Venetian :)This is definitely a good place for soups without going anywhere far. I would recommend Noodle Asia to open 24/7 if they haven't done so because apparently after getting out of XS at 4am, all we think about is a bowl of soup (if you're still awake enough to think)
4	For a place I expected to be comparable to fast-food style Chinese food, I was impressed. Located in the Venetian casino, my dad and I passed by and decided on a whim to give it a try. We tried the stir-fried noodles with chicken, and the BBQ pork and duck rice dish (this seemed to be one of their most popular dishes - several of the tables around us also ordered this dish). The great thing about Noodle Asia is the good selection of dishes, they bring your food out quickly, and the food just reminded me of a good home-cooked meal. I'm not claiming that the food is super authentic Chinese food, but it's definitely a few steps above Panda Express or any other fast-food Chinese establishment. The food was hot and fresh, it tasted good, and you were given a lot of food. What else could you ask for?The dishes ranged from rice dishes, a couple of dim sum options, moo shu, rice porridge, to noodle soups, wok-tossed noodles, and soups. With two, you should order at least two dishes, with each dish around $12-16. I wouldn't say the atmosphere is the best, because you're basically sitting in an open-area restaurant in the middle of the casino, but it suits the fast-casual experience. We came relatively early for dinner, around 6 pm, but as we left, a line was starting to form to get seated. Definitely plan on coming early, because I don't know if the food is necessarily worth a long wait.
1	The noodles may be good but the kung pao chicken was a total dud. Wildly expensive at $18.95 and not nearly as good as airport fast-food Chinese. The dish was sweet (not spicy) and gloopy. The chicken had no saute marks. I think it was boiled.
4	Probably one of my favorite spots to eat in the Venetian - because it's quick, reasonably healthy, and service is great for a traveling business-man (read: traveling alone). I usually just sit at the bar and enjoy watching the kitchen - something nice to enjoy. The menu has plenty of soups, noodle dishes, appetizers, and Dim Sum. There's plenty to try whether vegetarian or omnivore. Come check it out this spot for some quick eats.
4	The niu rou mian had good noodles and meat. It needed a bit more suan cai but maybe this is how Szechuan style is. Soup was good, slightly over salted. Would come back despite the price...it beats rounding up a group of 10 to go over to Chinatown when you have a right schedule!
3	This three-star review is not a bad review. We are very happy we went to Noodle Asia - it was cheap, convenient, comfort food, casual, laminated menus...just easy.  Did it blow our minds? No. But we really had a good dinner here after our drive to Vegas.We started with a BBQ Pork Appetizer which was very good. For my entree I had a cup of Wonton Soup (wasn't that hungry).  Mr R ordered Cha Tsai which were veggies with pork over noodles.It was a lot of food, fine service, and a really easy spot to grab a bite at the Venetian.
2	Well first off, the service is awful. I will say it's pretty inexpensive especially being in it's in a relatively high end casino so that's nice but the food just isn't that good. My friend and I ordered two completely different dishes but both got the same - essentially chicken lo mein. My other two friends both got soups and both were subpar at best. The worst part was the water tasted like they pulled it from an aquarium, not a plus.  Anyway, I'd tried to elsewhere if you have time and haven't yet lost all your money on the craps table.
4	Please.  Don't tell anyone.  I don't want to get in trouble with the "What Happens in Vegas . . ." crowd.  But it was late.  We had been enjoying ourselves for a long time at the Whiskey Bar.  We were hungry and Noodle Asia was there.  We both ordered big bowls of noodles.  Nothing for us to drink thank you.  Had enough of that already.  Yes.  Water please.  Almost before the waiter left the table, our big bowls of delicious noodles arrived.  Hot, fresh, salty, delicious.  It was just what the Dr. ordered.  I have a feeling it isn't going to hurt as bad tomorrow ... Oh wait, its after midnight?  It isn't going to hurt as bad today when I get up at 11 am to check out of the Hotel all because I had these tasty noodles.Thank you noodles.  Good night.  Zzzzzzz
3	It's funny, I've been to the poker room a few times now and never noticed Noodle Asia and the huge Sports Book in the back corner. Thankfully, this time I did. There was a short wait (Saturday 7pm) but we got a good seat at the bar. The staff was very attentive although super busy running around. Everything on the menu looked good but we were just looking to snack. We ordered the beef noodle soup (which was actually spicy AND delicious) and the red won tons (which was just okay - too much sauce). Since we didn't order a full meal, the check didn't seem that expensive, but I know it's definitely overpriced. Not sure if I'd come back again, but overall it was a fine experience.Tip -  you CAN place phone orders and pick up to go.
4	Food was delicious. We had pot stickers, crab rangoons, and beef noodles. Service was good but was a long wait for food to be cooked.
3	Chinaman, get over yourself, this is America. I eat semi regularly at Noodle Asia in the Venetian. Regretfully, they don't understand customer service. They create many good food dishes here but the Wonton soup is lacking in one thing. Fish sauce. "fish sauce is not chinese" they will tell you. Yes, we know. So what. There is an enormous Asian population here. Filipino, Vietnamese, Thai,... Quit being so Chinese. Fish Sauce is a common noodle bar additive for customers who like to add it.... And guess what, you might just acquire more customers because of it.You certainly won't lose any because of itGood news... They've added fish sauce.And their spicy beef noodle soup is the bomb.
3	Decent place for "quick" Chinese food on the strip.  Prices are not cheap but it's the strip and it's in the Venetian so get over it.The food quality is generally pretty good.  The soup noodles are nicely chewy and definitely worth getting.  The wok-fried noodles are also tasty and crispy.  The stir-fried baby bok choy were delicious.  Some other items weren't so good - the pot stickers were full of holes and the Shanghai rice cakes were swimming in oil.  The worst item was the beef ... way over-tenderized.   Hey Yan-can-cook!  Take it easy on the baking soda next time!
3	Not a bad place, especially when you consider their extended hours. Plain and simply Asian fare, but tasty enough.
4	beef noodle soup is awesome~
3	Holy Wong Fei Hong Batman!  This place is popping with Asians and Asian noodles! Pow!  Don't know Wong Fei Hong, no worries I gather many "Westerners" wouldn't.  However, they do know one thing -- this place.  Noodle Asia is located inside the Venetian Hotel in Vegas.  I wouldn't think such a restaurant exists in The Venetian, but you know what; it works!Noodle Asia reminds me of the 24 hour cafes located in California.  After a night out for drinks you need some grease!  Noodle Asia has all the classic Asian dishes from Shanghai, Black Peppered, Fried Rice, and Dim Sum too!  Needless to say, this place doesn't play around when it comes to Chinese food.  Tab bit overpriced in my opinion for what you get simply because the protein almost drowned out by the carbs.  Granted I enjoy my carbs, just not too much.  Also, is it me or do I need to drink a lot of water after a meal here?  I guess what I'm trying to say is that it's salty!  Guess that goes well for the "American" diet.  There seems to be a line during the day which is not bad.  The restaurant is located right next to the sports betting area so a quick glance over to see the score is awesome. - Enjoy!
4	A very good Chinese restaurant.  The taste is authentic, and the service is fast.  It gets crowded during dinner times and late night.  My husband and son love the spicy beef noodle soup.  I had the Pai Gu noodle soup. Didn't really like it.  I think I will go with something else next time.
3	Like other reviews before me stated: this place provides DECENT asian noodle soups to cure your hang overs!My story is typical. I was a little woozy after a night at Surrender (Whoop whoop). My body was screaming for a big bowl of pho (but I didn't want to drive of the strip). My body was craving for a bowl of instant Shin Ramen (but I didn't want to pay a ridiculous $5 for hot water). Since we stayed at the Palazzo, I agreed with no hesitation with my friend suggested Noodle Asia :)Service: sloooooow. Tookd them forever to seat us (Okay, maybe not that long, I was just uber hungry and impatient). Took them a while to take our orders and bring water out too even though the place doesn't look too packed.Food: authentic quality. When the server finally brought the food out. I was like "Big bowl of delicious hot soup, welcome to my tummy!" I ordered the Spicy Ying Nan Noodles (4 stars  for taste) and my friends had the HK Wonton soup. They also enjoyed their big bowls of soups a lot. I should have tried a bit for a taste review. The portion was generous. My empty stomach was satisfied to be filled with liquid other than alcohol. Heh heh. The soup was already spicy, but I slapped on more chili to unclog my sinuses.Overall, the soup made me feel a lot better. Honestly, nothing beats comfort Asian food after all. After digesting that bowl of soup, I was ready to take on another day at Sin City. Why the 3 stars then? Because the poor college student in me is very bitter at paying 2 times the prices of what the bowl of soup really is worth...
2	I felt like I was in Chinatown because our waiter was rude. Anyway, we had wonton soup which was meh. My parents actually thought the wonton soup at PF Chang's was better. Lol.
5	Love this place !!!  Was staying at the Venetian for business and had nothing but large business meals planned most of the time - but wanted something small, fresh and good.... this place hit the spot.  Had the ramen with which was terrific, also the gyoza - which has a different kind of dough around it, tasted okay, but different - more thick then traditional...  all in all, wish I found this place a few days earlier...
5	Best noodle soup EVER! We ate this every single day that we were in Las Vegas. It's great anytime of day and I can't wait to go back! SOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!
4	"Good Food and Prices for Vegas" Of course, the food costs more than your neighborhood take-out but this is Vegas and this restaurant is on the casino floor. The food comes out fast and although some of the dishes are small for the price ($18.50 for Kung Pao Chicken - chicken only) pair it with a noodle dish and it is plenty of food for two people. The staff is excellent and very customer oriented. We have been there twice and have not been disappointed.
3	I have been to Noodle Asia before but never posted pics.  On my most recent visit, I came here about 3 am after seeing Kaskade at Marquee.We ordered char siu won ton mein - Won ton soup w/ BBQ pork, won ton and noodles.  We wanted duck, char siu and won tons, but they ran out of duck.  The basic soup is $11.95, with a $4 extra charge for won tons.  The soup also comes w/ a little bit of gai lan (chinese broccoli).The soup was OK.  The broth was a little weak, and the noodles were not that great.  However, after two days of eating American and French food, I needed my Azn fix.  The won ton were OK, but $4 extra for 4 won tons is a little steep.  The ambiance is sterile and the service was OK.I would come here again for an early am fix.  Yes the food is 2X overpriced, but the rent is high and the convenience of 24 hour place in the Venetian is hard to beat.
4	Good Asian dishes at fairly low prices for the Strip. Best of all, there are no reservations and they move people through the line quickly, so the wait isn't all that long. Loved this place for lunch while staying in the Venetian.
3	Busy during 2pm. We came here for late lunch and waited 10 mins for table.Food:porridge with pork and preserved egg- this is soo good!seafood fried rice- less salty so its goodpork stir-fried rice noodle- too saltybeef tendon noodle soup- too saltyPrices are more expensive than normal chinese resaurants, but its expected from a hotel restaurant. Service was ok.
3	Based on what you are getting for the price, it's definitely not worth it, but due to the limited selection of Asian cuisine in Las Vegas, this will do...for now.At the convenience of being inside Venetian, I really can't complain, but $13 for a bowl of beef porridge is a little ridiculous. I must admit, from the menu items I have tried, they are all pretty decent except for the soup, especially the Egg Flower Soup. The soup tasted worse than the imitation Egg Flower Soup at a Chinese buffet. I was a big fan of the Sze-Chuan Beef Noodle and the Ba Bao noodles though, just not the price tag. But again, we are in Vegas, so I can't really complain. For the most part, Noodle Asia satisfies my craving for Asian noodles while in Vegas, especially after a night of partying, and I am thankful for it's existence.
2	This was just okay. We ordered a bunch of dishes buddha feast noodle with soft noodles, black peppered beef udon, greens, red won ton, and minced beef over rice. I really liked the red won tons and the minced beef over rice but the noodle dishes were just so so. Nothing really special and really lacked flavor. Convenience is why they're still packed with people but if you can make the trip, I'm sure anywhere in chinatown (just down the street) would be better.
4	There's this thing that Asian people usually do when looking for a good Asian restaurant, and that's to look for other Asians eating there. At least, that's what my fiance and I did when we were looking for a place to eat. We were bleeding money in Vegas (like everyone else) and wanted to find a place that had decent prices for decent food on the Strip. So we ended up at Noodle Asia.The prices are slightly higher than what we would pay in Chinatown Houston, at least for what we ordered. We got flat rice noodles with beef and Chinese sausage fried rice. Both pretty tasty in their own right. However, some of the other things on the menu were priced ridiculously. I would come back again if I felt like I spent too much money the day before, especially if I just wanted to stay on the Strip. Also, being in the Venetian helps since it was by far my favorite hotel/casino.
3	eh its okay here. i like their crab rangoon. and the fried rice was decent but i had to ask for some like sweet sauce to give it flavor. pros- fast servicecons- not that much taste to the food, a little overpriced but i guess its vegas.my friend found a hair in her PHO but they did take it off the billone of my shrimp was "properly" cleaned out which is totally gross.i would just come back for their crab rangoon.
4	Miso Soup, Orange Chicken and Shrimp rolls. Everything tasted great with a doggie bag to spare. Very happy with the service and reasonable Vegas prices.
1	Husband ordered Mongolian Beef and I ordered Kung Pao Chicken. I tasted the Mongolian Beef and could not even mange to swallow it. Horrible flavor and texture. My Kung Pao Chicken was even worse. The rubbery texture was horrible and the watery sauce was unidentifiable. I will say that management was kind enough not to charge us. We left after having taken only 1 bite each.
5	Some of the best potstickers (gyoza) I have had anywhere. The XO Spicy Shrimp  Lai Fen is great, but be warned, the soft noodles are extremely filling! I never think food is spicy enough, so the small bowl of chili sauce at the table is an awesome idea I wish I saw at more Asian restaurants.
3	I'd never really thought about going for Chinese food in Vegas. Mainly because I know it's going to be a ripoff. I ended up coming here for dinner after a long day of endless long islands and scotch, just needed some hot noodle soup to wash it down my system.Anywho. I shared the Crab Rangoon with my friends and ordered the Spicy Yunnan Rice Noodle Soup. Crab Rangoon was good. It's very crisp and not burnt, quite filling for the creamy cheesy texture. $14 for a bowl of noodle that normally sells for half the price. Luckily, the portions are bigger than what it normally is. Ingredients wasn't anything too spectacular, just the usual shrimp and veggies. I ended up eating only half of the portion.  Food isn't extremely great, it's better presentation than regular Chinese food places. Taste is there, pretty standard. But my dish wasn't spicy at all, which was  a disappointment in that sense. When I see "Spicy" and a chili pepper symbol next to the menu item, I want some kick in it. They do charge for tea. Don't be expecting tea to be free just because it's an Asian place. $3 for a pot of flavorless Jasmine Green Tea. My opinion is that I can get better tea for $1. I might as well be Asian and order hot water.
3	The closest Asian place to the Palazzo so we went here. I was hesitant about it after seeing the prices but we reasoned that it's expected since we were on the strip. Sit down. Get menus. Order water. Get our water. And then we get asked FIVE different times by three different waitress whether we were ready to order. Each within 2 minutes of each other. Way to make us feel welcome and valued as paying customers. So we ordered the Beef Stew Noodle and the Spicy Yunnan Rice Noodle Soup. Wasn't expecting much, how authentic could it be on the strip? But, I was pleasantly surprised! Spicy Yunnan: The noodles were a good consistency, the shrimp was plump, and the broth was hot and delicious. Beef Noodle: The noodles were a bit too doughy and the broth was bland but the beef was really tender. If you are stuck on the strip, come here. But if you have a car, get out of the hotel and drive 5 minutes to Chinatown where you can find better food at better prices. We ended up paying ~$30 for two entrees. I could buy 3-5 better tasting noodle plates elsewhere! Good food, but the prices and the impatient service won't be bringing me back.
5	During a fun filled bachelorette weekend of partying, my friend & I left the club early just to try this place out right before they closed at 2am. Thankfully we made it and it was worth running in heels for. We ordered the duck noodle soup. I'm not kidding you, the broth is god sent and amazing and the noodles were delectable! It was worth the $13 price tag. The bowl was large enough to share between us two girls and left us wanting more. The cool thing was that we weren't even drunk to have to enjoy some delicious comfort food!
5	Great Chinese food (non-chinese food eater), well priced, not greasy, tasty, authentic (from what I'm told), casual.  It was perfect before a night of gambling and trouble.  I didn't expect it to be as good as it was.  A pleasant surprise.
5	The one & only thing you need to know about this place: BEST PORRIDGE EVER. I love going here after hitting up the clubs or to cure the hangover the next day. So amazing.
3	The restaurant was busy but we didn't have to wait at 7:00pm.  The food came out less than five minutes after we ordered.Our meal included: -One cup of Won Ton soup: it came with four pieces of plump shrimp and pork filing with two small bok choys. Although the broth was just salty enough, I believed that MSG was used based on the aftertaste. -Cantonese curry beef stew: The portion was big. The beef was tender. The gravy with green and red peppers was quite spicy.  The prices were reasonable by Las Vegas Strip standards. Overall, the food was average.
4	I thought this place was great!  Right near the casino at the Palazzo, but didn't feel casino-y.  :)  Prices very reasonable.  A friend and I shared a bowl of beef noodles, couple of spring rolls and crab rangoon and it was more than enough food.   The service was great, the price was very reasonable and it just really hit the spot after a long day.  I saw someone else's noodle soup, and knew I would get that next.  Nothing fancy, but  I thought the food was great.  Would definitely go back.
4	I love this place... Soups are delicious! It's what I look forward to after a night of drinking and gambling... The Vegetable Mu-Shu is really good too...
2	Sigh.... Another disappointment with the service within The hotel. Strangely why are all Chinese resturant service that bad? Waiters are impatient!! Food is average, no frills. Ordered the spicy beef noodles, dan dan noodles which tasted traditional. If not for food, it would be 1 Srar.
4	Surprisingly the most authentic and delicious bowl of Szechuan beef noodles found on the strip or dare I say even say it, Vegas. Service was super speedy and typically Asian, considering we arrived fifteen minutes till closing. We were seated, served and ready to check out by 3:15am. Other menu items didn't leave as high of praise from the rest of our party, however the Szechuan beef definitely hit the spot when all you need is a hot bowl of soup to get you back on your feet. Just be prepared to pay double in price plus the cab  fare over.
1	My family and I made the trek to Venetian last week just to eat at Noodle Asia. My wife and I love the Dan Dan noodles and the BBQ pork & roasted duck. But on this trip, Noodle Asia was closed by the local health inspectors for a violation. Very disappointed.
3	Very good noodle joint on The Strip. Had the combination w/ chicken, bbq pork, and seafood.  Fast too. Took back to the room so we could enjoy some Angry Orchard Hard cider - my friend is now addicted - and it was a great combination. Now we want to try the rest of the menu!
5	Our absolute favorite Chinese food in any city we have been to. The dipping sauce for the gyoza is amazing! I get orange chicken and LOVE it and hubby can't get enough of the kung pao chicken. Their chicken is such high quality- no disgusting fatty pieces. Well worth the money. We don't visit Vegas without eating here.
2	The good:We got here around 3 pm, and the service was fast. Also, I tried some of my friends miso soup which was pretty good. Unfortunately, that's all the good stuff I have to say about this place.The bad:I noticed most servers in here are asian, and I hate being stereotypical, but my expectations of a bad service were correct. Yes, our server brought our drinks and food quickly, but I felt really rushed since she came twice to take our order after bringing our drinks, so I had to order what my friend recommended, soft noodles with chicken, pork and sea food.The Ugly:The noodles were terrible. But maybe that's just my opinion since my friend did liked them. They are really greasy. I agree with the previous review saying that they might cook with msg. I could not finish my food so I had to take it to my room which is probably gonna end up in the trash anyways.
4	We had a great meal here. Beef W/ Broccoli and pork fried rice. Great service and a pleasing place for a meal
3	Decent food.  Fast, prompt service by the staff that are not very friendly or accommodating.  Overall, decent value.  Mongolian beef was good, pasta with shrimp was fair, duck breast was good.  Well worth a visit.
2	Desperate for food was more like it...after walking from Monte Carlo all the way to the Venetian till 2am our party was starving.I was reluctant to have chinese food here in Vegas since Toronto by far till this day has the best Chinese food.Service was a 2/5, our server seemed a bit snobbish, and was not at all a people-person.  Perhaps its the the "AM" time which was getting to him.  However the female manager who came by to serve our food was very pleasant, and indeed a cutie with a twinkle in her winkle lol.....I had the night market fried rice 4/5: sliced beef tossed in thai chilli, basil, bean sprouts, and diced tomatos was yumm!! perfect balance of flavors, however the beef slices could have been smaller.  Each slice was half a mouthful lol...BBQ Pork & Duck Noodle Soup 2/5: Barely any duck, and a few slices of bbq pork, the presentation was great, but honestly not worth it.Fu Chow Fried Rice 3/5: presentation, taste, and portion was bang on! lots of shrimp, chicken, mushroom, calamari, and scallion gravy...worth it!!Overall the quality of the dishes were below my expectations.  This restaurant almost seemed like a waste of space that lacked the taste. Sorry Venetian
5	The renovations have left this place as a model for fast Chinese food.  If you throw in a little Thai and sushi this place is one of the best on the Las Vegas Strip!  The Mongolian Beef, and fish confee are wonderful.  The Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup is outstanding!
4	Love the Wonton Soup. So fresh and clean tasting. Shrimp dumpling and the bokchoy complement so well. The price would better but it's Venetian so it's expected. The XO shrimp laifun is amazing. Can not come to Vegas and not eat here at least once.
2	Worst. Chinese. Ever.The service was friendly and fast, however the meal was awful.  We ordered the Beef Rice Noodles and after the first bite, it was obvious it had been cooked in old recycled oil and possibly in a wok with burnt residue.  The old dirty oil taste was so overwhelming, it took over the entire dish and we couldn't taste the dish itself.  We had two bites and left to eat elsewhere.
1	If you enjoy below average noodle dishes this place is for you. We went here thinking it would be a reasonably priced meal before our show and we were less than impressed across the board. Calamari balls appetizer were better suited for playing jacks. The noodles were spectacularly unimpressive. They brought us a plate with basil so wilted we had to ask for some fresh to use for or meal.The only thing good about the whole experience was that it didn't last to long and it has a big window looking out to the sports book.Don't waste your time or your money there's a McDonalds upstairs.
5	I love the Szechuan beef noodle soup! Very tasty!! Every time I visit vegas I eat here!!
5	The reviews are kind of all over the place, so not sure what to gather except for our own experiences.  This is a usual place we hit up when in town.  But creatures of habit as we are, we always stick to the same dishes... can't miss right.  And they're always excellent.  Spicy Scezchuan beef soup... it's got some serious kick but so flavorful.  Yes spicy, but with the proper ratio of flavors.  Pai Goo noodles, which is basically a pork chop with noodles... Simple, tasty, and very fresh.Spicy cucumbers... accompaniment of some fresh veggies.Congee... all very tasty.  Again, comfort food with great flavors.All the above tend to be on the somewhat lighter, brothy side.  Would love to try some of the other dishes, like any of the fried noodles.  And yes, as the name implies why wouldn't i?  Well, bc it's all pretty damn greasy and as tasty as that may sound, and as much as i like not having to put on any lip gloss, it's just all way too heavy.  And i think that's where some of the negative reviews might come in.Service was solid, not 5 star Fancy LV restaurant, but yunno, it's a $13/bowl of noodle level of service.  It is however, clean.  And fast.  Fresh.  Tasty.    So, basically, it's what most of us want in a good chinese restaurant that is unbelievably difficult to find.   Very affordable, fresh, tasty, comfort food, in a clean setting.   Trust me, that ain't easy when it comes to Chinese food.
4	Pretty pricey for Asian noodles but since it's in Vegas, I guess it is a little more expensive. I had the Szechuan beef noodle soup which was super delicious for $15 including tax. The beef was so tender and soft, soup was super flavorful, spicy but not too spicy, and filling. Will definitely come by when I'm back in town too! Oh, and it is authentic Chinese food : PLUS!
3	We arrived on the run. Literally trying to get fed and go catch the Niners game at 1:25. The line was about a 45 minutes deep and we just didn't have the patience for all that. I tapped the hostess on the shoulder, just as the people in the front of the line turned to look at their Iphones and asked her if we could sit at the empty counter. She must have witnessed the fire in my eyes cause we were seated moments later. Wontons were solid!! Served in a bowl with a lot A LOT of sauce, they were moist, delicious and were gone in moments. I ordered up the pan fried noodles and beef and that's my mistake. It appears as though they make noodles in house and I should have order Pho! I saw a few bowls hit the counter for service and knew I made a terrible mistake.My pan fried noodles and beef were pretty good. The Mongolian Beef, ordered by my bride-to-be was much tastier. She loved my dish, I loved hers. That's a huge plus right there. For the cost, it's a solid value spot. Not a dive, not fancy pants. They are right next to the sports book and the entire building is one giant window. So, if you choose a table correctly, you can enjoy some food and a game at the same time.
5	Favorite. This place is what the doctor ordered. Post club, this place is the business. The service is fast and efficient and the food is AMAZING, HUGE portions, and a decent price. You really can't go wrong. I personally love the Chicken Noodles, they are huge and squishy and sooo good. It is a huge plate that you never think you can finish all of it until you realized you just NOMED all of it. I'm telling you, if you are shitty, this is going to save you from the worst hangover ever, just eat this on your way home from XS or wherever you go out - but take warning, they close before the clubs, so you have to make sure you get there on time!
3	This is good drunk food at its best. Pricey in the Venetian hotel but what do you expect of a place that's open till 3 AM and with decent service? Their beef chow fan is pretty good and greasy and perfect for drunkies. Their beef stew and wonton noodle dish was decent and we ordered the pork and preserved egg congee too. Even though we were four hungry slightly drunk Asian girls, we managed to finish almost all of it but we could have done one dish less.Overall, nice people, expensive price tag for mediocre Chinese food but redeemed by the fact that they're open late and have the right amount of grease in the food :)
4	Hmm.. I think I would have to agree with Jessica C's review:1. Convenient location2. Open late3. Home style cooking (even the chefs are Asian)4. I've never had to wait to be seated5. Fast and friendly service6. Decent prices for being on the stripI would also add: 7. Well-lit interiors 8. Overall cleanliness 9. Accommodating waiters (gave me a side of minced garlic upon request!) I got the Tainan noodles, which didn't disappoint, especially in chilly autumn weather. The food might be a bit salty to some, so maybe ask for a side of hot water to dilute the broth? I definitely think there are superior noodle joints out there, but this is legit for Vegas, and on the strip at that.
5	Favorite Asian place to eat noodles. The spicy beef and spicy ying nan noodle are delish! My husband loves the BBQ pork lo mein.
5	This trip I tried their spring rolls and they were on point. I also tried their mixed vegetable noodle soup, and it was super satisfying!!  Man, I love this place...
2	I was really craving Chinese food after a long weekend in Vegas filled with drinking, gambling, and general debauchery. In comes Noodle Asia. What I ended up experiencing was a) poor service (even though the restaurant was half full) b) bland food c) high prices Our server forgot our waters for about 15 minutes, brought all our meals out at separate times, and took 20 minutes to pick up our check after she brought it to the tabe. Talk about mind being elsewhere. Actually, let me reprase: Our server never came back to get our check, we had to flag the manager down after 20 minutes of waiting. In terms of food... bleh. I had the broccoli and beef with spring rolls on the side. I can safely say I've had $5.99 Chinese takeout meals that have been way better. The food really had no flavor to it, and I had to douse it with duck sauce and other spices to coax any sort of taste out of the dish.  Maybe it's my strictly American palette, but I think I've become accustomed to Americanized Asian food and get really thrown off when authentic Asian food is put in front of me. Who knows? What I do know is that I wouldn't be back, and would recommend all Vegas-goers to skip over Noodle Asia in favor of the food court nearby.
3	Things I like:- Noodles- Beef- Soup- Beef noodle soupThings I do not like:- long lines- paying a lot for a bowl of noodles- throwing elbows at old Asian women trying to cut in front of me in line- florescent lights when I have a hangoverAt any rate, the noodle soup here was fine, and if I didn't pay fourteen bucks for it I might be slightly happier, but I did, so I'm not.
5	This is hands down the best meal we had on the Strip. We ordered Egg Flower soup which was great! The coconut juice was a whole coconut with a spoon to scrape off the cream inside; it was delicious! Ordered the Ta Lu Noodle soup and it was a huge bowl of awesome tasting food. But the best part of the whole experience was that the waiter was extremely knowledgeable and knew what to suggest. He helped my friends choose vegetarian dishes and they loved the food too.Given that its inside Venetian, the food was very reasonably priced. The final check came down to 75 bucks including tip for 3 people. Loved every part of it.
4	This place is such a hidden gem. A must for locals and tourists. Every time I have been there it was great service with outstanding food. Make sure and as for the coconut. They have a ton of things you can order that are not on the menu. I can't really say I have on favorite dish because they are all good. They are open late and has a cool atmosphere especially if you are out late on the strip.
3	Ate here a couple times during a long stay in Vegas.  It can be pretty pricey, esp for noodles, because you can typically get Pho for less than $10 at any normal restaurant...whether or not it is "Prime" pho.  The pho here is $16.95, but just remember, you're eating at the Venetian, so you can't expect dirt-cheap prices for anything...this is how they roll, so you can either roll with it, or roll yourself out to another eating establishment =p  The pho was very good tho, bigger than I expected, and the broth was pretty good.  The wonton soup and fried rice were pretty good also, and so was this spicy noodle dish, which I forget at the moment exactly what it was called.  Lines can be long, even late at night, but because you're in Vegas, you just gotta gamble and go when you're stomach wants you to go and see what happens.Would definitely eat here again, esp if I'm staying in the hotel, just because it's so convenient.  I DID, however, have one encounter with beverage;  how do you run out of drinks? Granted, we got here after 10, but goodness, no Thai iced tea, chrysanthemum tea, OR Pepsi?! Come on!  Gotta stay stocked...people.  That's the only reason for the 3 star rating...if I come 3 more times and they have the drink I want, then I'll bump them back up.
2	Maybe people hyped this place up too much for me because I was expecting FANTASTIC flavors and for around $14 bucks a bowl, it better be worth it.  Especially staying at Venetian and every night (morning) I would make it back to the hotel I wanted soup and we would keep missing Noodle Asia by an hour :/Hungover, it should taste even better but it did not.  Ordered the beef noodle soup- I mean, afterall it is Mama Wu's specialty.  It came out piping hot which was great but then after the temperature subsided the unpleasant saltiness slapped me in the face.  That's all I could taste after that.  Four of us ordered that and felt the same way.
3	SiChuan beef noodle soup on the strip, quite expensive but it's pretty delicious if you're craving warm soup on the strip (located in the Venetian). Yes: - Get combo fried rice!- Beef Noodle Soup... spicy, pretty nice and generous chunks of beef and tendon. We also appreciate that the soup wasn't oily. No: - Obviously overpriced, double the price of Asian food in LA/off the strip- Service was kinda wack... they charged an extra curry sauce item on our receipt, we complained, and then they informed us that they FORGOT to charge us a dollar for extra Chinese sausage in our fried rice so we actually owe more.... blahblahblah typical attitude.  Love you, Vegas. Xo
3	I had high expectations for Noodle Asia because I noticed long lines for this place while watching football games at the adjacent Venetian sportsbook.  Long lines are usually an encouraging sign at a restaurant so we decided to join the crowd. If it is available on the menu, then I tend to be a creature of habit by ordering Kung Pao Chicken at practically every Asian restaurant I visit. This restaurant was no different. In a way, it's my barometer for judging Asian cuisine. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with their Kung Pao Chicken at all. The chicken was tough and dry while the sauce was clumpy and somewhat syrupy.  The texture to this sauce reminded me of melted caramel and not the typical thin Kung Pao sauce. The taste was mostly sweet and tangy rather than spicy. A strange taste for a Kung Pao dish.  It just was not enjoyable.  On the other hand, the shrimp stir fried noodles, potstickers, and won ton soup were great. My wife and I were really pleased with all these noodle dishes and how they were cooked, steamed and fried to perfection. All the vegetables, seafood and meat in these dishes were fresh and delicious. The cabernet sauvignon was a perfect complement to wash down all these dishes. The service here was excellent.  We were constantly checked on and asked if we needed anything. I would also like to thank the hostess for seating my wife and I at a table that faced the sportsbook so I could continue to watch the football games without any interruption while enjoying our meal. I am giving Noodle Asia three stars because they failed my Kung Pao Chicken test but excelled with the noodle dishes and service.
3	I don't know how they can substantiate their absorbent pricing for their Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup but I certainly fell for their ploy. Considering I am already on the strip, I didn't want to venture to Spring Mountain Road for noodles so this was literally the closest restaurant. The beef noodle soup was decent, but at $14 before tax is a complete rip off.It looks like they have a good variety of Asian food, but in order to satisfy your cravings, you would have to pay a premium to indulge.
2	Wasn't impressed.  Long line outside, and seeing the number of Asians eating inside, I thought it was a good sign.  But after 30 minutes of waiting in line and watching the servers completely fumbling over each other - they were clearly inexperienced and had no idea what they were doing, I knew we were doomed.  But we had already waited that long so we stayed.  From the line, I watched table after table trying to flag someone down because they wanted to pay.  No one would come to them.  I look over to see where the servers are and all four servers, standing together near the cash register looking completely flustered.  Meanwhile, there is a gigantic line outside, which is continuing to grow, and tables are empty and cleared and no one is coming to address the customers waiting in line.  Finally, after about 40 minutes, the man in front of me started to get annoyed obviously by seeing pretty much half the restaurant clear out and no one being seated so he walks in to the four servers standing around the cash register and says something to them.  Finally, one server comes and takes that man and his friend and seats them at the counter.  Then she goes back to standing there - like deer in headlights.  Good grief. Then it was my turn to flag the girl down and tell her that I am happy to sit at the counter as there are empty chairs.  When I tell her that, then she seats us, finally.   I have no idea how long the others continued to wait outside. Once at the counter, we ordered, two noodle soup dishes.  it was pretty uneventful and unflavorful.  Maybe it was what I ordered, or maybe it was because they were so busy that they were rushing and not preparing food properly.  We ate here because we watched Rock of Ages at the Venetian.   I don't think I would ever come back here again.  For noodles - I much prefer Noodles at Bellagio!
5	This restaurant is located inside Venetian hotel casino.Having eaten in Hong Kong and Singapore at some of the best restaurants there, I would say that the chefs here are among the top chefs.Try their beef noodle soup, this place makes the best beef noodle soup.  Sometimes it is a bit salty, just add a little red vinegar and it will taste better.I would recommend you try the spicy wonton appetizer, Mongolian beef and scallion, wonton noodle soup (pay an extra $9-$10 to add the BBQ pork).  If you are vegetarian, try their stir fried string bean. It is pricey, but don't forget that you are in Vegas. $10 may not be enough for one hand of Black Jack, but it can buy you a good bowl of noodle.
1	Bad food and bad service. Don't get the pho. It is flavorless and overpriced. That's typical of most pho on the strip, but I was desperate for some hangover food. Barely ate any of it, but I wouldn't recommend it. Also, the beef noodle soup is the highly recommended dish, but it was disappointing, overly spicy, and I know what good beef noodle soup tastes like! One of my friends got the beef chow fun noodles and it took so long for them to make it, by the time we were almost done eating his dish came it. It was piping hot and greasy, but better than the pho or the beef noodle soup. It's probably safe to say that if I come back, I better be sober and ready for some pan fried stuff to leave satisfied.
3	The noodles are amazing but the service is 0. The lady who was my waiter was very rude. But other than that the food here is awesome!!'
5	Everything we ordered was amazing! Orange chicken, Mongolian chicken and chicken fried rice was one of the best Chinese meals we've had. Defiantly a place you want to go if you're craving Chinese.
2	Long wait and nothing special about the food from Noodle Asia. Service is slow and waitress was rude. Everytime we asked a question to the waitress her attitude was that she was so high above everyone else, and was simply answering our question just because she wants to get paid.We had the Hot and Sour soup, Beef fried rice, and the BBQ Pork and Duck.The Hot and Sour soup was pretty good, tasted like all the other chain Chinese restaurants here in Canada.The Beef fried rice was also pretty good, well seasoned, nice beef tasteThe BBQ Pork and Duck I was very disappointed with.The first bite I took was greeted with a million sharp shards of bones. Both the Pork and Duck were really dry, and of course served with some even drier rice.  Another problem is the rice to meat ratio. You can tell this restaurant does not care about details or quality when they just shoved about 3 bowls of rice onto a plate topped with a couple pieces of meat. I'm not complaining about the meat, I would have rather they  not give me a bunch of rice which I am not going to eat. I am Asian and when you eat meat with your rice you usually take a bite of the meat, and a spoonful of rice. Well that's what I did (the meat and rice were very dry I had to drink a cup of water after each bite) and I did not even finish half the rice, not even a quarter.Very disappointed, wasn't worth the 30 minute line outside for food I could have gotten at a chain Chinese restaurant.
2	Food is really good but Damn the service is really terrible. This is my 3rd time here and I thought they were just busy before but as much as I enjoyed the food, I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. Wait time for your food is crazy  then they bring you food you didnt order, so u wait, only to tell you that your food was probably laid on someone else's table so u wait some more. Food came, you asked for a bowl and took another century to come and had to physically tackle the server on the other table. You wait some more and the bowl was probably still in the factory. Worst part, Nobody even apologized. Another incidence, ordered food and never came in so you cancelled it coz the appetite just went away, check came in and they still charged you for it and they even fight you and say they delivered it.. OMG. I guess have your food to go? Wheres the management here?
1	Remember the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld?  That's what this place reminds me of.  I have been coming here the last 6-7 years.  Service is mediocre on their best day though their food is pretty decent.  (Let me rephrase that... they would not make it as a Chinese restaurant in LA or SF China Town, but it's a good Chinese noodle house given the slim picking in Vegas).  I have put up with their abuse and mediocre service over the years.  My complaints to Venetian customer service had largely gone unanswered.  Still, given the convenience of its location, I have tolerated such bad service, until tonight.In any case, the latest episode took place tonight.  It's 9:30 on Saturday night.  I thought I would try to get a bite by myself.  When I got there, I noticed 2 empty seats at the bar so I walked up and try to sit down.  The hostess promptly kicked me out and told me to stand in the back of the line.  Amazingly, like a well-trained starved puppy, I obediently went to the back of the line and waited for my turn.  As I finally made it to the front of the line, as luck would have it, all the seats the bar are now taken.  I offered to wait on the side as there is now a long line BEHIND me, but of course, the waitress told me I have to go back to the END OF THE LINE, again!  What?  I just went from the back to the front of the line and now I have to stand in the back AGAIN, a SECOND time?  I thanked her and left without eating.When are these people going to learn that at the end of the day, it's still about customer service.  I suppose given that Venetian allows them to still be around, in spite of such consistent and persistent subpar service, someone must be happy with them.  I guess as long as they are paying rents, that's all Venetian cares about.  Either that, or perhaps acceptable customer service does not matter to sleep-deprived gamblers.  Bottom line, if you are willing to be abused and mistreated for a bowl of good noodles, this is the place for you.  If being treated like a human being matters to you, DO NOT COME HERE.
5	Loved it!!! My husband and I had an amazing dinner here and will definitely be back again.The staff was friendly and organized and the food was fantastic. It's right next to the Venetian sportsbook so if you get the right seat, you have an added bonus.We ordered the XO Shrimp Lai Fen and Shrimp Soft Noodles and they were both to die for. Yum!
4	We had NO expectation with their food when we walked in here. We were just tired, hungry, and wanted some Asian food to fill us up. We thought their food cannot be compared with the authentic Asian food in NYC. However, it was SO YUMMY! First thing that impressed us was their beef noodles soup. Beef was tender, soup was tasty, not too salty. We ended up almost going there every day during our stay in Vegas. And we figured the best dish was still beef noodles soup after trying other dishes. Must order: Beef Noodles Soup with a little spice!
5	I crave Noodle Asia's Tainan Noodles in my sleep. True story. This is the perfect hangover cure all, and if you don't get it, you might be grumpy the rest of the day. Another true story. Spicy red wontons though? Not so much (a little on the salty side, and could be significantly spicier).
4	Kung Pow chicken with peanuts was amazing.  Good for the after effects of some late night drinking. Service fast. Not too friendly, but hey, what do you expect for rapid service?  Quick easy and very tasty.
1	This place really suck pho sucks that your service really bad.. Do not come to this place ..
5	Call me crazy but I'm obsessed with their spicy ying nan noodles (sp?). Every time I visit Las Vegas I have to eat there. I rave about it all the time. I stumbled upon this restaurant back in 2011 when me and my friends stayed at Palazzo. I was hungry and wanted to eat so I went on my own wandering off to look for food #fatkidstatus because all of my friends were tired or drunk lol the noodles just hit the spot and its been hitting the spot ever since.
4	We went to Noodle Asia after we saw Panda at the Palazzo, so it was pretty late, and we were glad we could find a decent place open late.  We were a large group (16 people), and they were able to seat us quickly (might have been more difficult if it hadn't been so late).  Food was decent, and large amounts.  I had pork and rice congee, and the bowl was huge.  I thought I was going to have breakfast out of it as well, but it was so good, I finished it before I knew it.  Service was good, adaptable, when more of our extended party arrived after the rest of us had already been served.  Pretty expensive, but its on the Venetian casino floor, so what else would you expect?
5	Came here when I was at a conference here. It was a delight to find this place at the hotel. Food is authentic and tasty, and being  right in the hotel is such a convenience! It's been difficult to find quick, authentic Chinese food at Vegas short of heading out to Chinatown. Now I've found this place I'll definitely come back when I crave Chinese food in Vegas!
4	Wow, who knew Asian food in a hotel could actually be good?? The prices were slightly higher than back in the Bay Area, but hey for Vegas, it was pretty reasonable and maybe even a good deal!- Shu Mai: comes in an order of 6 for $9. Yeah, pricey! And not as good as home, but they were sweet and hit the spot especially when you're hungover.- Won Ton Soup: $5 for a cup. Yeah, again pricey! A cup consisted of 3 wontons and a piece of baby bok choy LOL. But again, sweet, soupy, and hit the spot!- Beef Noodle Soup: My friend ordered this and loved it. I tasted her broth and it packed a punch! That satay flavor will creep up on your throat though! $13- Combination pan fried noodles: I was actually really impressed with this dish! The noodles were crispy, and the sauce/gravy was really tasty. It also included lots of shrimp, chicken, and veggies. Good portion to do family style!- Combination fried rice: $15 nothing special or memorable. But it's a good choice if you're looking for carbs.Open late and conveniently located inside the Venetian. Perfect spot for late night soup after clubbing or that morning soup to get you going again! EAT.SLEEP.RAVE.REPEAT.
5	We ate here around 2am after a late night out at the clubs - while in Vegas for a business conference  - and it was outstanding.  I had the Mongolian Beef and my two colleagues had other relatively common Chinese dishes, and all were excellent.  Still can't believe there was that high a quality of Chinese available in the middle of the night, right next to the sport book at the Venetian where I was staying, but hey ... it is Vegas.  Would definitely go again.
4	One of my favorites on the strip! If you want a good bowl of PHO this is the place. Good prices and very fast on serving.
1	Dan Dan Noodles were horrible and Shanghai Noodles were mediocre at best.  Both dishes had very little meat.  Pass on this place.
1	Average food, terrible service - in Vegas you can do much better eating in most other places
5	Small place in center of a casino, super long line and once you sit down and eat you will know why they are busy!  A must go for any Asian food fan.
2	Someone else paid, so this 2 star has nothing to do with their ridiculous prices - yes they're pricey because it's on the strip and they can get away with it. The menu mostly consists of noodle soups, stir fried noodles and fried rice. Besides that, they have less than 10 main dishes to choose from, and it's pretty much only the standard things my white friends always order - beef/chic broccoli, orange beef/chic, mongolian beef, etc. We did a bunch of stuff for 6 family style. Things that were good: nothing. Things that were decent: fried rice, hot braised shrimp (aka sweet sour shrimp), siu mai. Things that were crap - everything else we ordered. Pass on the following: pot stickers, beef curry stew, kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, orange chicken, egg roll/spring rolls. Food was bland, and nothing "spicy" actually was despite the presence of chili peppers.If you insist on staying here to have asian food, you can probably get comparable quality stuff for less from the panda express type place at the food court - think it's called wasabi jane?  It probably even includes mediocre fried rice and a stale egg roll with your meal. Or if you want a sit down experience, Zine at Palazzo is priced slightly more, but with a much better menu. I'm not a huge fan of their food either, but if you really must do overpriced chinese food at this hotel, Zine is the one to go for. An asian food court is supposed to open at Palazzo off the casino floor eventually, so it's nice to know there are potentially better options coming soon.
3	BBQ pork & duck noodle soup was just okay. The broth was a bit salty and they were skimpy on the meat. The Szechuan beef noodle soup wasn't any better. The broth had too much of a soy sauce taste and there were barely any vegetables.
4	My friend Nay and I were actually super skeptical about eating at an Asian restaurant in Vegas.. especially if its also in a hotel... But was insisted to eat here by Jeffrey that its pretty much best place to go for Asian food in Vegas. We got seated fairly quickly and was given water and menus. I tried to find something that would help my "hungover-fml-dont-wanna-move" stupor and finally settled on the Szechuan beef noodle soup. The wait for our food was pretty fast and thank the lord for that bc i was starving and at 9pm, it was my first meal of the day ):The soup itself has a slight kick to it which made it even yummier. The chunks of beef were soft and delicious as well and the noodles were chewy and filling! After inhaling that bowl of soup, it lifted that raging hangover and the "holy shit i wanna die" mentality. THANK YOU FOREVER omg. My friend got the shrimp fried rice but it was kinda bland but the plate was HUGEPrices are a bit high for quick chinese food, but i guess its vegas..... Overall will definitely come back here when i wanna kill myself from being hungover and in need of a soup!
3	We had the roasted duck and it did not disappoint! For $9 a plate at the venetian, I thought it was quite a steal! The duck was very well cooked and had none of the raw, red taste (which I dislike). I would come back here just for the duck again! We had the dan dan noodles - peanut sauce and minced pork. The sauce was great but the noodles was a tad bit overcooked. Nonetheless, a decently priced meal for the location. Efficient service, considering the restaurant was packed. I think they cannot afford not to be as volume is key to their survival. If you don't want fast-food and want to spare your pockets a pinch... this would be a perfect choice for a fussy-free meal.
5	oks
4	Consistently good Asian noodles cooked up fresh and delicious. Fast service and a choice for nearly anyone's tasteMy personal choices are red won ton for appetizer. And Singapore Mei fen for main course.
3	The service and food were above average overall. The price is a little bit higher since it is in a hotel on the vegas strip. We started with wonton and egg flower soup which hoth served very hot and quickly.  We also had calamari balls as an appetizer as well. Lightly breaded and fried but very tasty. For entrees we split mongolian beef and a combination fried rice between two people.  They were both very good.  For desert we had creme brulee and mango jello. Overall good food asian food here.
4	Among the many creative culinary offerings that make the Venetian hotel and casino a stand out on the strip, Noodle Asia isa stand out in its own right. The ultimate round the clock asian restaurant, made to order custom cooked asian dishes are inspiring if not down right energizing.The noodle selection is awesome, with several dishes featuring flavors from across the continent.The Singapore vermicelli with curry, shrimp, and pork was spectacular.Located just outside the poker room, with direct access to the casino floor, the Noodle Asia restaurant is also a perfect stop if you are watching a game in the totally amazing newly redesigned sports book.I shot a quick photo of the orange chicken we had at 1:15am after a fun evening on the town.Check them out if you can stop by the Venetian.
3	I have been here a few times and have ordered the wonton noodle soup and the schezuan beef noodle soup.  The food is not bad, but for the price I think there are better alternatives in Chinatown.  Service is OK and the ambiance is more like a cafeteria feel.  A good place for a fast lunch, but not a nice place to dine with friends or for a special occasion.
5	The food was really good! The wonton by far the best I've tasted! The noodles are really good too with a lot of flavor!
3	After a long drunken evening and the best recovery food would be SOUP! Apparently Noodle Asia would be the best place to go as all my girlfriends been raving about it, frankly to me its just over priced chinese food ! My friends did enjoyed the jellyfish.
2	Pricy but food was not as good as before , we had this 40 year old lady serving us and she didn't do well...gave us the wrong check and went back to blame on the cashier when she was the one grabbing the wrong check..I heard it all..won't go back again
4	I love Noodle Asia!V E G A S  T R A D I T I O NEvery time the BF and I come to Vegas, Noodle Asia is ALWAYS one of our stops. The restaurant is open late (until 3am, I believe), which is a huge plus after a long night of gambling or partying. The food is delicious, and I'm not talking about when you're drunk and any food you shove into your mouth tastes like heaven. B E E F  N O O D L E  S O U PIf you like your soups spicy, order the beef noodle soup. The BF and his friends ALWAYS order this dish when they're here. Sensitive to spicy foods, that's okay! Give their BBQ Pork Fried Rice a try. So, I normally order the fried rice, and the BF shares a portion of the beef noodle soup with me. Those two dishes together make for the best combination, EVER!
5	Favorite place to watch sports and eat. A tad pricey but this is Vegas. Food is great.
4	Simple and delicious! Great noodle soup and good variety of choices after gambling. Servers speak Chinese so good for my Chinese parents :D would def come back! Downside is it takes quite awhile for the food to come when the place is packed.
4	Still really liked the flavor to my Szechuan beef noodle soup with it's hint of spice. My boyfriends pho on the otherhand tasted a bit off but I couldn't pick out what it was. My noodles were different from the first time I had it. I had flat rice noodles last time and this time they were regular noodles. Will definitely be back when I'm back in Vegas :) pretty tasty Asian food for an Americanized area.
3	I think the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down since I was last here (last summer). I think it's pretty middle of the road now. It's decent Chinese food with Vegas pricing. It was previously good Chinese food with subVegas pricing. Then again, we split a dish of beef flat rice noodles, some siu mai and drinks and it only cost $34 bucks so I guess that's not bad in the grand scheme of things.  It just didn't taste as good as we remember :(
4	The service was friendly and fast. The environment was spacious. I had the opportunity to try the Szechuan beef noodle soup. It was very flavorful although it costed more than most typical Asian restaurants, but that's the Strip for ya.
1	I was in Venetian for a quick lunch with my coworker. We were first in line to sit at the bar. However, the old lady who took our order was so rude and unfriendly that we will never go there again. She has no idea of customer service and based on her, I can only assume the  worst about staff training in Venetian. I'm very disappointed to say that I will never recommend this place to anyone.
2	The WORST Hot & Sour Soup we've tasted, no other taste but Sour. We had to add a lot of soy sauce & hot sauce.The Shio Mai was good though. The Chicken Lettuce Wrap was ok.The food is expensive. Not worth it.
1	The manager in the restaurant speak nothing to us and then no smile ,  the food is ok ,the restaurant is clean but a very bad service ,I can't understand how can u open a restaurant like that and say nothing to your costumer
1	Chive dumplings were ok. Fried rice was bland and too greasy, beef stew was alright, and the chicken ginger noodle soup was very bland and chicken was too dry.
2	I live in LA where the Asian food is cheap and awesome.   So of course compared to that,  this place would be very disappointing.   Perhaps it's unfair to rate them so low.   After all,  I am Asian and had only the best Asian food.  Still,  it's hard to give them a better rating when a simple standard dish such as Mapo tofu and Hot and sour soup was horrid.  Soup was overly sour and the Mapo tofu had no taste.   It just tasted like tofu with cornstarch cooked into it.  No flavor.  None.  Maybe some salt?   The crispy noodles and Mongolian beef was decent.   I added an extra star because these two dishes were borderline food court level.   The shu mai dimsum appetizer was also decent but nothing special.  $9 for 6 pieces.    Every dish was around $15+ but that's because it's inside a hotel.   All the cooks and servers were Asian.  Service was Asian like.   That means it was below average.   Don't expect superb food,  ambience or service here.   If it weren't for my father in law wanting to give this place a try,  I'd rather go eat at Panda express.
2	It's alright to be rude... but stick to what you know.I've put up with this place's rude service over the years, mainly because of their above-average Asian noodles (relative to other Vegas Chinese noodle places), UNTIL TODAY.  Though I normally order various Hong Kong style noodles, I was presented with a nicely laminated "SPECIAL ITEM" -- Vietnamese Beef Pho.  So, I thought, FEATURED ITEM, specially laminated, must be half-way decent.  I'll bite. Well, it was THE worst Pho I have had bar none.  Very disappointing.  They really need to stick to the Chinese noodles, at least it makes customer-abuses and grumpy faced staff more tolerable. I would have given them 0 out of 5 but it is after a July 4th weekend so I will be gentler and score it a 2.
4	One nice bowl of soup is all you need to forget all the money you just lost at the poker table.  And the roulette table.  And the craps table.  And the goddamn spin-the-wheel.At least that's what I tried to tell myself.I sat down, table for one (sigh) and ordered the BBQ pork and Roast Duck Noodle Soup and a nice, big, free glass of water and watched the World Cup on the big screens in the sports betting pit.  The water was worth every penny.  So was the soup!By the time I left Noodle Asia, the bowl looked much like my wallet: bereft of anything holding value.  Will definitely do this again, but I seriously hope I don't do what preceded this meal again.  But I know I will.
4	Noodle Asian is just great. It's convenient if you're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo. It's not terribly over-priced. And it is literally the best hangover food you can get. I love the spicy red oil wontons, all of their noodle dishes and the duck over rice. Can't speak to how it tastes when you're not drunk/hungover, but it's definitely a must have every time I'm in Vegas!
4	I had the misfortune of getting sick right before my Vegas conference, so I searched for somewhere with some soup without paying an arm and a leg.  Caesar's had a Chinese restaurant serving soup, but I didn't feel like paying $15 to $20 for a bowl, and then I remembered hearing about Noodle Asia's Won Ton Soup.  I went there for a late lunch during a week day, and it took a while before anybody sat me, even though the restaurants wasn't crowded. I did get my order taken quickly, though, and the food came out within a few minutes.  I ordered the Won Ton soup (no noodles), and it was slightly bland but soothing.  The won tons were really good, though I wish they didn't have shrimp in them since I'm allergic.  The bowl was about $8.  It took forever to flag someone down to get a check, but I was satisfied with my meal.
3	Had the Kung Pao beef here the other night and it was pretty darn good. This place usually has a small line and the prices aren't too bad given the location. It is located right next to the Venetian Sports Book which is always a great place to catch a big game.
4	A dear friend recommended this fine dining establishment,telling me about a certain dish which I shared a nommy sentiment.The restaurant is Chinese-themed, and it is called Noodle Asia,a few steps away from the casino floor is where you will find it.The wait in line was somewhat time-consuming,so be sure to account for the wait when you are starving.This restaurant can accommodate parties large and small,if you are forever alone have a seat at the bar by the kitchen wall.Their menu has many appetizing offerings,drinks, foods, and other delicious things.On the both occasions that I visited with my group,I got a pot of hot tea, and a bowl of the Sichuan beef noodle soup.The service here was efficient, accurate, and brisk,our food order came out in about 10 minutes - nothing was amiss.The tea was what you'd expect from any ol' Asian joint,but oh my stars I must emphasize that the noodle soup was ON POINT.The beef noodle soup had me speechless,the taste of the broth had the right mix of savory spices,the meat was exceedingly fatty, with a buttery texture,and the noodles brought the balance to bring the entire dish together.All-in-all I'd say Noodle Asia is a must-try spot,primarily for the Sichuan beef noodle soup fresh from the pot.Make sure you give this place a whirl,as you wander about the City of Sin, looking for them hot girls.lolol.
4	In Las Vegas there's nothing like a hot bowl of fresh noodles to top off a night of drinking partying and gambling.  I wish it was as good as some of the best noodle places in Chinatown and LA but it isn't.  Plus a star because there really are no other alternatives and I'd take their beef noodles any day out here in stony brook.  Make this part of your Vegas weekend.
3	Not bad of a place to dine when you are craving Asian food after a long night of party/clubbing or gambling. It is right next to the big screen tv/sports betting area and you can watch sports while you eat through the huge glass windows.I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised with their food.Schezuan Beef Noodle Soup- Very good! I like it just as much as the places in Rowland or SGV! Chewy noodles with a dark beefy soy/vinegary broth and lots of tender beef chunks. The only thing is i wish it had some MORE greens in it than the skimpy green onions. Perhaps some cilantro/onion and the chopped pickled mustard greens or bokchoy like the other places. Overall delicious but the soup gets hella salty towards the end be warned.Spicy Ying Nan Noodle Soup- NOT spicy at all. Tastes pretty bland. Its not seafood broth or chicken or beef broth. Can't really distinguish what the base taste is. Even with 2 generous scoops of Chili sauce it wasn't really spicy. I would skip this next time, however other people liked it.Hot and Sour Soup- Loved it! I was wary since some reviews say it is not good but we liked it alot! Good balance of sour in my opinion and lots of toppingsPho Special- $18 for a bowl of Pho better be good and it was according to my fellow Vietnamese diners! So if you can't make it to Pho Kim Long, here is a back up! (Another Pho back-up would be ordering the "Zen Noodles" at Grand Lux Cafe) Overall, i wouldn't go out of my way to come here but if you staying in the Venetian and can't make it out to Chinatown but crave some asian food, Noodle Asia will do!
5	Very pleasantly surprised....it was good!I had a black bean crispy noodle with beef...a little spicy and very tasty....the portions were very generous.  Ordered a won ton mein for my husband...again, generous portion and tasted very authentic...meaning, like the kind of Chinese won ton mein we eat at home...People were nice and prices seemed to be fair.
5	This is an automatic stop for family every-time we are staying at the Palazzo.  We come here for lunch or a quick hot noodles fix after a late night drinking. Their noodle  soup are very tasty and delicious which always hit the spot.  Love the fact they close late at 3am.  This was our first stop after checking in the hotel so will definitely be back after drinking tonight.  They also have Pho but soup base seems a watered down and not the best out there.  Some of my favorites includes Shrimp Fried Rice, Beef Congee and the Duck Noodle Soup.
4	The beef noodle soup is FANTASTIC! The beef was tender, the broth flavorful, and the portions were huge. This is a great value for the cost.
1	I was so disappointed after reading all of the reviews. First off, I ordered the cold spicy cucumbers to start. They were bland and CHEWY. It seemed as though they were prepped days before. I had to send them back. I only had soup after that which was fine. I didn't want to order anything else after being served old food. I definitely will not go back and I work in the building.
5	Very tasty. Clean and fast. I ate too much. Only cause I had half of my wife's dinner.  Pot stickers are a very good starter.
4	Had a very good meal here at a good price. Free refill of sodas and was served quickly.
3	Damn so conflicted about this place. On one hand, Chinatown is not too far from the Venetian, so you can get some authentic Taiwanese noodles at a place like Noodle Pot if you're just willing to drive (or take a cab) 5-10 minutes away.On the other hand, this place is right smack in the middle of the Venetian (shoutout Palazzo and Venetian for having the sickest rooms though), so the convenience is definitely a plus. There be many a days where I'm hungover and gotta wait like 20 min for valet to get my car, where I probably coulda just stayed here cause everything would have tasted the same to me anyway.This place is pretty Americanized and you'll see it right away when you look at the venue (hell, even the name just gives it away, like who would put "Asia" on somewhere that serves authentic Chinese food?). I ordered the Hong Kong Won Ton, which was just your typical won ton noodle soup, but it wasn't bad and it definitely helped my killer hangover.Also, the prices are pretty ridiculous (standard for casino food). You'll be paying $15 for the same exact shit you can get at Sam Woo's for like $6. If you're trying to save money while getting legit ass noodles, then I definitely suggest you look up Noodle Pot or any of the places near Chinatown (just turn left on Sands and head down Spring Mountain Rd for like 5-10 minutes).However, if you're just trying to get some quick food right next to the blackjack tables so you can go back to doubling down all your 11's (shoutout to Marilyn and Fei Fei), then this is probably the spot for you.
4	This place is great if you are staying at the Palazzo or close by and it's very quick!!! However the pricing is pretty steep ($17 for noodles, 8-9 for appetizers) The combination noodles were delicious. Wonton soup also good. They serve Pho now. Fried Rice w/chinese sausage, pork dumplings in the spicy sauce were also good. Mongolian beef great, but nothing out of this world. Calamari balls were good, but no sauce was a bit confused how what to eat it with. It was convenient, clean and quick however, not sure i'd want to come here if i'm not a guest at the hotel.
3	Blehhhh, blehhhh, blehhhhh! I did not like this place at all!  Ordered the chicken fried rice, yuckkk!  I had them take it back, I ended up replacing it with the chicken lettuce wraps, thankfully they were good and much better than my other dish but I've had better lettuce cups.  If your in Vegas, skip this place there are so many other good places to visit.  Even the other people in our party said their food was bland and they had to drench it in the hot sauce to make it taste good. =(
4	I was so pleasantly surprised by this place. I went to Vegas with a few friends and one of them really wanted to go here. I saw the name of the place and thought to myself... really? Noodle Asia?Good thing I gave it a shot. My boyfriends and I weren't super hungry so we ordered an order of egg rolls and we split a BBQ Pork and Roast Duck noodle soup. Honestly I wasn't expecting much, but this place was pretty good. The broth was toned down for the American clientele, but it was still flavorful and rich. The BBQ Pork and the Roast Duck were so yummy. The egg rolls were just okay, nothing out of the ordinary.I will definitely be eating here again. I mean, you know the place is good when you go to an Asian restaurant and all you see are Asians eating there.
5	Birthday brunch with my babes. My new favorite Asian place on the strip. Good Hong Kong style food. They have some dim sum entries and other great entires. Open late and the prices are reasonable for what you'd expect at the Venetian. I personally love this place and they do a good job. I've grown up eating Hong Kong style food so I have a taste for it and know how it should be. This place is on point.
4	Delicious for a Vegas place!!! Everything was good and the service was good! Filling but not overly. A little pricey but it's Vegas
5	Not a fancy place for lunch nor dinner, but it is one of the best place for a quick lunch or dinner.  A few of my favorite: fried pot slicker, congee with Chinese bdonut and of course, the wonton noodle soup with Bbq pork and roast duck.
4	Honestly it is so damn hard to find a descent Asian place to eat near Palazzo. Why?! We just wanted Korean food and walked to Ginseng 3 which is apparently closed for renovations so we walked back to our hotel and came here. It's right in the casino by the poker room and although it was really busy we got seated right away (small party) and was greeted fairly promptly. Our food came out much faster than my expectations and also exceeded my taste expectations!We ordered the schezuan beef soup and chick mushroom vegetable soup which both hit the spot. AND THEY HAVE ASAHI HOORAY!!The beef soup was so salty though and thank goodness I asked for less spicy...Overall pretty cheap and easy option to those staying at the hotel!! Not quite sure if it's worth the travel if you're elsewhere. Bon appetit!!
3	Every time when we travel to vegas, we would stop by here to get some noodles and rice dish! Their food is in general delicious and authentic! But the most recent time we stopped in, their cha-shu,chicken and duck combo were a little salty.. Overall good tho.
4	Excellent BBQ pork and roast duck soup with egg noodle, this place is great! Just be mindful that you may not get the best server. Gigi is very good. It's a good sign when there is a line of Chinese at a Chinese noodle place. I'm thinking Kung Fu Panda "noodles?, do you say noodles?" Awesome for soup stalk and roast duck! Service lacks a bit.
5	Listen to a real Asian, originally from Taiwan, looking for Chinese food in Vegas.  This place is legit, and the best non-Japanese Asian bite you will find on the Strip.  First off, the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup here is fantastic.  Great and relatively fantastic.  If you are craving authentic Chinese Beef Noodle Soup, it won't get better than this in Vegas.  The Singaporean pan fried noodles were also great.  Well spiced and flavored, and like the noodles in the Beef Noodle Soup, well cooked and perfectly al dente.  Highly recommended place, especially for you Cantonese and Taiwanese tastes.  The style of cooking here will accommodate both types of tongue.  Oh, and they are open until late.  Highly recommended.
3	Small location, so you have to wait for a table, but it's worth it. The line moves relatively quickly because service is so fast. It's a little "expensive" compared to other Chinese hole in the wall restaurants, but this is in the Venetian in Vegas so duh it's gonna cost more.  BBQ pork and duck over rice - so good! The sauce on the rice is sweet and tasty. Ugh I could eat it over rice every day.Shanghai rice cakes - yum! The cabbage and pork is cooked perfectly and the soy sauce based sauce is delicious. I love these thicker "noodles" as they're a nice change from the usual mein or fun. I'm Chinese and love Chinese food, so believe me when I say this place is good and authentic.
4	Delicious Pho! Good for the soul after eating all the buffets in Vegas. Priced just right being inside the Venetian. Ambient is a little too noisy being next to the casinos but who cares!
1	Had reservations at 1015 pm.  Late by 15 minutes.  Waited 2 hours after that.  Sounds more of a night club than a restaurant.  I was the fool.
2	They didn't want us to pay! We had a group of 10 and got our food and drinks quickly, but then were were quickly forgotten...some even went across to another bar to get a second round of drinks. Half eaten entrees sat out on the table for 30+ min while we waited on someone to bring us a check. We were ignored and eventually had to chase someone down to pay, then again to correct overcharging for items. It was an extremely bizarre experience all the way around. Vegetarian options are very limited and my shrimp dish had only 4 shrimp for a TON of noodles. Several people enjoyed their meals at our table, but more people did not. (Supposedly the chicken fried rice is about as bland as you can get.) Not recommended...there are surely better Asian options in Vegas.
1	This place is bland... Szechuan spicy noodle is dark, spicy but NO flavor. I gave it a try because of the many stars. So disgusting. My friend ate wok noodles and they were bland too. Enter at your own risk.
3	good late night asian food, nice staff. a little overpriced
1	Tried to rush us out, waiter who sat us down never returned to us with an answer to our query. Ordered the seafood noodle dish which was bland, cold in parts (i.e. Squid and prawns). Rice porridge was a nice change to the usual Chinese menu and the next server did ask if we whisper for side plates / bowls so we could share our food which was a nice little touch. Small but varied range of beers (three comes to mind). Overall a very disappointing evening, based on a recommendation of a befriended flight attendant.
2	Food was ok. But the service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress lied to us about what our order consisted of. Then when it came out it was of course wrong. When we tried to reorder it they told us the kitchen closed, but their closing time wasn't for another 2 hours. Plus they were still serving other guests! Next, they told us they could remake it, but it'd be very inconvenient for them, since there was no chef. Ok wait... This place has an OPEN kitchen. I can see the cooks!!! And they're cooking!! Anyway... They finally remade it right. But this service was no service at all. They might as well have told me to cook it myself. Assholes. The only reason they're getting 2 stars instead of 1 is because when it was finally made the right way it's wasn't terrible.
4	Great food. Awesome location. Service was kind of sub par. I had the mopa tofu and it's the best I've ever had.
5	Amazing noodle soups and dumplings.  Always try to make a stop here when I'm in town.  Try the noodle soup with the fishballs.
5	large variety of noodles to satisfy any taste
5	I come to this Resturant very time I am in Vegas I cannot explain exactly what it is about their food that appeals to me other than it is absolutely delicious. This place is sort of a cafeteria style place off to the side of the sports betting area of the Venetian casino. The beef lo mien and the egg flower soup are by far the best meal there I recommend all my family and friends to try this place every time they are in Vegas.
5	We had hot and sour soup, the Szechuan beef noodle soup and the bbq duck & pork with rice.Typically I hate hot and sour for being too tangy but the soup here even I would eat. The beef noodle soup was hot and salty with chewy noodles. Everything about it was amazing except for the beef.. kindof chewy. The bbq duck & pork was yum as well, it came with steamed bok choy on the side.Open late for your late night soup noodle cravings! Mm.....
2	Came in with a group of six for lunch on a Sunday. Four arrived on-time; we were waiting on two to arrive, but were seated immediately.Submitted our order to the waitress approximately 5-10 minutes after being seated.1. Pork and egg congee2. Dandan noodles3. 2x sichuan beef noodle soup4. dumpling noodle soup5. Beef (and peas) over rice with an over-easy egg6. Chicken Congee (to go)Conclusions:*Food as a whole was delicious, but not particularly outstanding.*Service was not timely, and some dishes arrived as some of our friends finished theirs. (Namely the sichuan beef noodle soup)*Expect typical exorbitant Las Vegas mark-up on food. (Especially the dimsum)*Restaurant was very clean and provided a good seat for watching the big screens for sports betting.
2	Blah.  This is Vegas, and it's inside the Venetian for good sakes.  Plain decor that looks like it could be an old diner.  C'mon.  Pics on the website look nice, but they must be an artist rendered drawing of the place -- it looked nothing like it.  Fair prices, and simple service are the highlights.1.  Fried Chicken Potstickers ($8.95) -- Edible, but very thick dough gave it the wrong consistency.  (3.0 stars)2.  Broccoli with Oyster Sauce ($9.95) -- This was actually good, best of the night.  (4.0 stars)3.  Soft fried noodle with chicken ($13.95) -- Boring and no taste.  Chicken was odd.  (2.0 stars)I don't get what others who liked it see.  Disappointing.
5	Was so happy to find this place nestled in the Venetian.  I sat at the bar and was waited on almost immediately. Extensive menu.  Enjoyed the spring roll appetizer, szechuan beef noodle bowl (it was huge!), and warm saki.  Yes, more expensive than one usually spends at a noodle house.  However, quite reasonable for Vegas.  No doubt I'd eat there again on a return visit to the Strip.
1	I'm a pretty patient person when it comes to food service, but the service here was exceptionally slow.  It was not like all the tables were filled or anything, it was just the service.  It took quite a long time for the waitress to take my order, then a longer time to get my food.Finally I actually kept track of how long things were taking, and from the time I requested my check till the time I was able to get the check and get out was 20 minutes.I think the only thing I saw that was quick, was when she finally came to pick up the check from me.
2	My wife had the wonton noodles and I had the SiJiu beef. We both thought that the food was bland, the meat indistinguishable, and the service lackluster.
3	I have to reluctantly give noodle Asia a degraded review. They served my favorite dish with less duck and pork. First, they told me that there was no more BBQ pork. Then they said they could do it and all I got were ends of BBQ pork. Then they tried to rush me out and rushed the check. Not good, sorry to say. I would say try Hue Thai on Spring Mountain road. They are under new management. One of the servers, a Chinese man, was designated as late night manager. The service and product have taken a hit. There are better places to go now that they are complacent.
3	A place for a quick bite, nothing great about the place and nothing too bad either.  Usually really quick unless they are packed of course.  The biggest issue is the servers and the language barrier.
4	Yelp discussions are all like:Is this the best noodle house east of Taipei?Is this as cheap as the noodle joint in your Chinatown?WHAT THE F IS WRONG WITH YOU?Did you just come out of Tao nightclub at 2am?Did you just gamble on The Venetian floor as "Tainted Love" blared from the ceiling?Are you in the middle of the Western US desert, at one of the most heavily touristed venues in the world?All told it's remarkable that you can get a totally legit bowl of noodles (for your first visit, have the Szechuan Beef Noodle, it's perfectly delicious) up until 3am, right at the Venetian. I suspect it's not the best-tasting or the most reasonably-priced bowl of noodles you'll ever have in your life, but compared to other post-nightclub eats (bacon-wrapped hot dogs in LA? super-greasy "hidden pizza" at The Cosmopolitan?) at post-midnight hours, this place really is a stand-out, and a rather well-staffed treat.Recommended.
4	4 stars cuz it's open late and it's rather decent. Some dishes are slightly salty, but seriously good food after partying.lines aren't toooo long. And prices are just right. I like how this place is central to all the major night clubs.
5	Best Chinese food I could find on the strip. You can tell it's legit by the fact everyone working there is Chinese and in particular the cooks in the back. It doesn't really Americanize the food the way many of the other nice casino Chinese places do.The snow cabbage noodle is pretty good. The sichuan beef noodle is excellent -- very spicy but also quite authentic. The bbq pork and duck on rice is great though on the salty/saucy side of things.Price is a tad higher than what you'd pay in the suburbs of most Chinese-populated areas but hey, it's Vegas and in a casino so overall I was pretty happy with the value.
4	This place actually has a legit Beef Noodle Soup. It was better than many local Chinese restaurants in more ethnic neighborhoods of California.
5	Food- 5/5 Probably as authentic as you're gonna find in VegasValue- 3/5 Definitely not cheap chinese food. Ambiance- Nothing specialService- No complaintsDISHES TASTEDRed Won Tons- 4/5 Good flavorSzechwan Beef- 5/5 AMAZING. One of the best beef noodle soup I've had in the US.Shanghai Noodle- 3/5 Nothing special
5	Omg!!! I'm so amazed that this place isn't crazy busy with a line out the door. It tasted authentic as *uck!Four words: Szechuan spicy beef noodle. That is all. Your welcome. Do it!!!!!!!
4	Love the food here! The soup, noodles, and shrimp is amazing! The only reason why I gave them 4/5 stats is because their service sucks! I kinda expect to get sucky service anytime I'm having Chinese food, so I wasn't too disappointed. I just think the Venetian can hire better trained people to work there. People staying at this hotel expect a certain level of service and the people at noodle Asia don't deliver.But the food is amazing :) love it!
5	I had both the szechuan beef soup and the bbq pork and duck soup and both were absolutely amazing. I wish I had a place even REMOTELY like this in Denver! Super busy place, so expect a wait during lunch time! There was a line out the door every day I walked past it during lunch. This place is another on my do-not-miss in Vegas!
3	This isn't a bad spot if you want decent Chinese, don't want to overpay and don't want to wait hours to complete dinner service. Some of the dishes didn't hold up to other options we have back home (mushu chicken, Shanghai noodles) but the won ton soup, steamed won tons and Mongolian beef were very good. I'd come back if I was traveling here alone, but likely wouldn't make it a location for dinner otherwise.
3	Fairly authentic Chinese noodle shop inside the Venetian. Very casual and not terribly crowded when we showed up for lunch on a Friday. Seated quickly and ordered and the food was out before we knew it. Based on what I observed, food can be a bit hit or miss depending on what you like and order. For instance the Shanghai noodles I ordered had a piddly amount of shredded pork in it but plenty of noodles. Meanwhile others at my table had ordered a bbq plate, kung pao chicken and shrimp noodles and all had quite a bit more meat in it. Service was pretty good and did I mention quick?
5	This place is the bomb, people. If you want either 1) very authentic chinese food or 2) a very reasonably priced hot meal - this is your place! It is inside the Venetian near the poker room. -If you don't know want to get but want to keep it delicious and simple: go with the fried rice or a chef's specialty (i.e. Kung Pao)-If you want to be a real ass mandarin: get some rice porridge or a noodle bowlprice point: $12-20closes @ 3am
4	Waking up hung over, all you really want are carbs #LetsBeRealStaying at the Palazzo, this place was our best bet. Being with my cousins whom are all Chinese, we know what's realllllll Asian food. This place is really good! Authentic food, Cantonese speaking waitress, and tacky Asian decorations.I would give it 5 stars but the prices were a little high for the food we were getting. Initially we were craving pho but my Asian side just wasn't willing to drop $18 bucks for a bowl of pho when I could be getting it for less than half the price at home.All in all, I would come to this place again, noodles after a good night ftw.
1	Just visited this place and left very disappointed. The service is slow, and this place is too loud and pricey. I ordered some Mongolian style bbq, they brought me a bowl of rice and a plate full of onions and 6-8 small pieces of meat, and it costed $19. Plus I ordered a cup of shrimp soup that didn't have any shrimps and costed another $5.
4	Only place on the strip for Chinese food. Surprisingly good. Agree with the others below that this place is probably the only legit Chinese food spot on the strip. The lines can be long but they move fast. The staff and cooks are also Asian so they move fast but don't expect a bunch of wasted chit chat. Just order your noodles and chow down. The infamous szechaun beef noodle soup is really on point. Deep, rich and with a slight heat, the beef has got tendon and all. Soft. The noodles are tender, perhaps slightly overdone. But the flavors are thoroughly satisfying. The char sui (BBQ pork) is a bit fatty and they swipe on a different sauce than usual. The dan dan noodles are more peanut and less spicy than most. Just add hit sauce. Overall, being smack dab in the Venetian on the strip, the prices are slightly more but given the absolute dearth of reasonably good and not outrageously priced Chinese food, this is your best option to satisfy that craving.
1	Got seated at the bar, menu etc. Another waiter told me to leave and the manager had no backbone to resolve the mess. The food is ok but the place is run poorly.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!I had eaten here 3 yrs ago while on a Company trip and this time took the wifey here and once again had an amazing meal wifey ordered the Panfried noodles and Shrimp and I ordered the Chinese Sausage fried rice and they were both absolutely amazing and tasted just deeeelish.I have always loved the concept of the open kitchen and just loved this place.We will most definitely be back as the sign of a great Chinese joint is when you look around and see everyone of the same ethnic background there!
3	Came here when I was in Vegas, was pretty disappointing to be honest. All the reviews said "authentic Chinese food" and "best Chinese food on the strip" and all I remember was how disappointing it was.First off, the location is near the betting areas so I guess you get to watch some sports while waiting in line. The problem is you'll be waiting in line for a long time, at least for lunch. We waited nearly an hour to get in and then another hour to finally get our food.I ordered the Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup based on everyone's reviews. They made it seem like it was amazing but it was just... okay. The soup was strong in flavor, but the noodles were ordinary and the meat was tender yet bland.Overall, it was pretty average. The food was decent, but the wait really ruined it for me.
3	Might give them a 4 stars if I weren't asian, and I might give them 5 if I weren't asian from San Gabriel Valley in LA. We got noodles and calamari there, and they were alright. Maybe it's just me, I'm not impressed, kinda fooled by other 5 stars reviews here. But you can still consider it if you're craving for some asian food in the hotel. Just don't expect too much from those 5 stars reviews.
5	Excellent soft chicken noodles. Dim sums were safe selections and very tasty. Definitely recommend!
4	Better experience second time here.Customer service was better and faster than before.Food still the same: delicious!Price still okay: $12 for the noodle soup.
