1	Geez! Where should I start My friends and I arrived at the PH Towers at about 2:00PM to check into our rooms, we were a little early but thought we might be able to get in, WRONG... Which was OK it was 1/1/10 right after New Years Eve parties and check in was at 3:00PM.So we decided to get some food... Back at check in, to get our rooms and it's now 4:00PM and no rooms. WTF! The flustered guy in the front explains that they have been busy trying to get the rooms ready and that they should be ready in no time. OK, so we leave our contact number so he can call us when our room is ready and we decide to go shopping for some things at miracle mile.... It is now 6:30PM and still no call, so we decide to call the front desk before walking all the way back to the front desk, no answer... Are they serious? How do you not pick up the phone? I try again and someone picks up and promptly puts me on hold, OK... 1 min passes, 4 min passes, 10 min passes WTF! We start to walk as we are on hold. Holy S*** there are about 70 angry screaming people at check in asking when the hell can they get their rooms. WTF! I hang up the phone and head straight for the mob/line waiting to talk to the ONE guy at the front, that's right ONE. We over hear him giving out free buffet dinners and apologizing for the delays, but I hope he is not trying to compensate people with buffet dinners. It is now 8:00PM... I can hardly believe it, we are next in line. There are now 3 people behind the desk and 2 security guards flashing their badges, so what the hell are they going to do? The guy apologizes and explains that they are having serious problems with their system and their clean up crews... OK now how is that our problem? He apologizes again and gives us a downgraded 1 bedroom suite on the 10th floor, (we had the 2 bedroom suite on the 38th floor) WTF! He apologizes and says that he will take $100 dollars off of our bill... You can keep the $100 and give me my room! He explains that he will give  us our room the next day. FYI it's now 9:40PMOkay! Let's be nice it's not his fault... Da da da dummmm. We get to our room, it seems okay until I go into the bathroom and open the cabinet to see what's inside and the door comes off it's hinges and slams on my friends foot! OUCH!!!! @!&*?&^%!!! That's it I've had it.My friends are rolling on the floor laughing at me and I really had to chuckle myself! Until Da da da dummmmm my other friend screams, gross! a used condom in the toilet! WTF!!!!!!We grabbed our things and head back down to the front desk and we are furious now... They apologize again and promise to get us our room tomorrow and gives us another room this time on the 12th floor, OK. We are so tired we don't even care about the room or even going out to party anymore. We get to our room finally it's 10:30PM! The room is good and we didn't even care that we were facing a parking lot. Ahhhh.... 1 clean toilet and 1 bed for four girls to share only 8 1/2 hours later, WTF!
3	Unfortunately, I'm really not surprised by Vivienne's review below. Some friends and I booked a place for Planet Hollywood a few months back for New Year's Eve then the night before we checked in, we got an email saying we were upgraded to the suites at the new PH Towers. Apparently, they opened just two days before we arrived so we were the first ever to use the room. Anyway, upon check-in, we were upgraded from a studio suite to a 1-bedroom suite for no additional charge but to sum this all up, I'll create a quick list of all our problems:- Took us three attempts on the elevator to actually get on a working one- Room key just didn't work. One night, it took one of us ten minutes to get in (sober of course)- Like Vivienne again, our kitchen cabinet had a broken hinge so it fell off- No iron, no notepad, no pen...just little things we needed that weren't there at the time. There was an ironing board but no iron?!- Never received our complimentary bottles of water each day- Had to call for additional toilet paper- TV remotes didn't work and couldn't manually turn it off. When we unplugged it then plugged it in again, it turned on by itself! This happened numerous times- No projector as advertised, the shelf and wiring was there, but no projector- The projector screen is also the window curtain which stopped going up on our last day. It got stuck in both the living room and bedroom- Washer/dryer had no instructions and we got our clothes stuck inside for over an hour- Cab drivers were unfamiliar with the location so we had to show them where to go. Location was a bit inconvenient, having to walk through the Miracle Mile shops to get on the strip.I realize PH Towers totally rushed to get the hotel open for the NYE rush but there were just too many kinks they needed to work out before opening. The staff was amazing and extremely helpful so I had to give an extra star just for that. We used to house limo for a flat rate on NYE which was amazing. This is important considering the strip is closed on NYE and they had to take the long back roads which would've been a steep taxi bill. Overall, I was able to deal with the hotel issues, I had a great time at the hotel. Whenever we asked for something, they were very prompt in delivering it to our room. I just hope the staff can learn from our comments and improve for future stays.
2	We booked three rooms and none of them were ready until way past 4PM. This is the first hotel that checks in after 4PM! What kind of Mickey Mouse operation is this?Well, I'll have to say the room was superb. That's about it. We stayed on Thursday New Year's eve until Jan 3rd. No one came by to clean our room on Friday or Saturday even after we called and complained. Did we mention that we saw a bunch of cleaning ladies shooting the breeze while "cleaning" a room? When we left the room 2 hours later, they were still in the same spot! Very diligent workers they have here!In any case, we finally went to the manager to complain on Saturday morning at 10AM. He promised us that we will get it cleaned within the hour. By the time we came back at 4PM, it still wasn't clean! That's when the proverbial shizz hits the fan.They finally cleaned our room on the last night we stayed there after enough bitchin' and moanin'. They also removed the resort charges (fees for what?) and our Internet fees. But it's little too late, we already have had enough. We will never ever stay at another Westgate resort again. These guys don't know how to run a hotel business at all, but they are sure good at scamming people for timeshares. Speaking of timeshares, if anyone got suckered into one, you may as well shoot yourself in the head. Why would you you pay them thousands of dollars for the privilege of "renting" the hotel out for one or two weeks out of the year, and you don't even get New Year's weekend? You also get the privilege of paying a "maintenance fee" (AKA hotel rental fee, AKA sucker's fee) for a room you don't actually own. We paid the maintenance fee (AKA hotel rental) to rent the hotel over the New Year's holidays and we didn't even have to buy a timeshare. Not only that, but we will never ever come back here again.
4	Fortunately we didn't have as many problems as the first few yelpers.  We got into our room with no hassle.  No cabinet doors fell off the hinges, had all the tv remotes, blinds worked just fine and no condoms in the toilet.  What did suck was the shower had no pressure and there was only one roll of toilet paper and when we called for more it took over an hour for them to get some to us.  So I guess for the most part they got some of the kinks worked out but obviously there's a few more things they need to work on.Other than that the suite was real nice and had plenty of room.  Everything is modern down to the stove and microwave.  For the most part it was a good experience.
4	Friends and I stayed there for New Year's Eve weekend. AND WOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! My friend and I walked in with amazement. The view. The new furniture. The bathtub in the room. The washer and dryer. The whole set up of the room. My friends and I called it "For the Love of Ray J" suite because of it's red leather couches and the tub..omg, the tub in the room...lol WHO DOES THAT!!??!!! hahaAll that was missing was a stripper pole!!! Where is their suggestion box?????!
3	Turns out my cousin was charged twice for the room.  We got it straightened out but what a hassle.  Glad other Yelpers are getting a pleasant experience out of it.
3	I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Towers for CES this year.  If you're looking for some sort of Vegas experience don't stay here.  But if you're desperately in need of lodging or if you're looking for somewhere a bit more quiet, the PH towers are a good option.So, I found out that I was going to CES this year two days before CES.  This doesn't allow for much time to plan and doesn't allow for many options for accommodations or flights.  After scrambling to find a hotel and doing some hardcore sleuthing on google/kayak/orbitz/travelocity/farecast/etc, I can up empty handed.  Empty handed being Circus Circus, Stratosphere or off the strip hotels (everything else was solid booked) and a $780 non-stop flight from Oakland to Vegas or SFO to Long Beach to Vegas with a 6.5 hour lay over (again, all other flights were solid booked).  Fail.  I considered driving.  Or not going.I couldn't not go, however.  Some intensive googling (read: 4th page of results) led me to a shady looking hotel broker site (http://www.bookit.com, slogan: "You know what to do.")  They had rooms available at the PH towers, and not only that, they were 40% off.  Of course this was a scam.  Or was it?  I called PH reservations, they said "we're all booked", I said no, the *towers*, they said oh yeah, plenty of room.  I said why.  They said, uhhh it just opened on December 28th and nobody knows about it.  (It wasn't even listed as a hotel on hotels.com, travelocity, orbitz, etc).  I went back to bookit.com and "booked it" hoping that I hadn't just screwed myself.When I arrived in the carport area of the Towers, there wasn't a single person or car in sight.  Hmmm.  I went inside (everything was brand new, uber modern theme) and up to the lobby.  At the front desk there were spots for 20 reservationists but there was only one person there checking people in.  When I got up to desk, she looked up my name... long, anxious pause... she pulled it up, and everything was fine. Some stuff about the Hotel that the website or brochure won't tell you:  The towers are mixed residences and hotel accommodations.  The main entrance is located off of the back end of the Miracle Mile Shops--a mall of questionable quality and curation.  It's a 10 minute walk from the hotel to the main PH casino and hotel.  There's something that looks like a bar in the lobby of the Towers but I never saw anyone there.  There are no restaurants.  There are no usual hotel amenities--spa, starbucks, gift shop, etc.  The pool area looks more like a public swimming pool and faces one of the main roads off of the strip. Room service has limited hours and it made me wonder where the food comes from since there's no dining establishments in the Towers. On the plus side, the rooms are brand new studios, 1 bedrooms and suites.  My studio was small by hotel room standards and average by Manhattan apartment studio standards with a view of the MGM but not the strip.  I think I might have been the first person to ever use the room.  It smelled like cleanliness and there was no sign of anybody ever having occupied the space.  The room came with a kitchenette, full set of dish-ware, a dishwasher, full wall to wall, floor to ceiling windows with a remote controlled shade.  The linens were stiff and nice.  The bed was firm.  The towels shed lint everywhere, I presume from having never been washed and dryed before (they were brand new).  The toilets are black, which is weird (use your imagination). One of my favorite parts of Vegas hotel rooms are the completely opaque shades that can make 2pm seem like 2am and help you recover from something that may have ended at 7am.  Take note Empire Today... make shades that block out all light. Ok, I should wrap this review up, but I thought I'd provide a little more info since this is *hopefully* the first review of this hotel.
2	I stayed at the Planet Hollywood towers this past weekend 2/13 -2/15 Because this is a new hotel there were lots of issues. My first room had a toilet that didn't work properly. After waiting on hold for over 20 minutes for help I was helped by the desk manager and moved to an upgraded room. The room was lovely but was missing some of the standard amenities that were supposed to be there ( bottles of water, shampoo, paper towels for the kitchen etc) We had 4 rooms reserved and found that each of us got different service ... some got water, some got magazines, and the newspaper.. but we didn't all get everything. One of my TVs had no sound, I couldn't turn off the light in the kitchen, the temperature in the room was inconsistent, as someone else mentioned the water pressure in the shower was awful, and the black toilets... were just weird, plus even though I reported it twice the bulb remained out over the toilet in the bathroom my whole stay. Unfortunately the rooms are not sound proofed well, I could hear the traffic all night (sirens etc) even though I was on the 28th floor, and my neighbors alarm clock each morning. The complete black out curtains were great. I even had a projection TV that was as large as the whole wall. The hotel charges a daily resort fee but I couldn't figure out what it was for, the pool wasn't open, there were no bars, or lounges, and no other resort features. The convenience of the mall was great and I didn't find that the walk to the casino took that long once you figured out the shortest route. The location is great. It is also important to note that this is a Time Share property.
2	My fiancee and I stayed there for 3 nights last week and I have to say it's going to be the last time we stay there.  The location of the hotel is excellent, right next to Paris and across the street from Bellagio.  The shopping center next to the hotel is also easy to access.Now on to the not so good...  The room itself is a little strange.  There are hollywood memorabilia in glass cases and strange lighting.  The room was very dark even with all the lights turned on.  But the most disappointing aspect of our stay was room service.  The towels weren't clean and they didn't empty out the trash cans.  Finally, probably similar to many Vegas hotels, the check-in process was extremely slow.  There weren't many people in front of us but each check-in took about 10 min.  At one point, someone came out from the back, saw a line forming and went back inside.Overall, not impressed with this hotel.
5	Okay, Im gonna start off by saying The Towers I visited were obviously different than the ones most all of you reviewed about because lemme just say...THIS PLACE WAS SICK! I was there this past weekend for my 22nd birthday. I found the same 30% off deal that everyone else found as well so it only cost me about 470.00 for a 1 bedroom suite. Now, this isn't the studio, its BIGGER and BADDER than the studio. The receptionist was very nice, she saw that I was with a group of about 8 people, commented on how many of us there were but said, "ah whatever just have a good time". As we got to our room on the 30th floor, our double doors opened up to an amazing view. We were there at about 9 pm. The night lights looked awesome and yes you do get a view of the parking lot below you but at night it doesn't show, and honestly, if you're in your room at all in Vegas, you just ain't doing Vegas right. Our room had a really modern look with black/red leather couches everywhere and a full kitchen that we actually used to make some food at 4 in the morning. The bedroom was massive with a king bed and we had two seperate hot tubs. Listen, words don't do these 1 bedroom suites justice, these are really awesome rooms especially if you're young and wanna party and have a good time. My buddies and I gathered about 20 people from down the hall and we had a full party of about 40 guys/girls in our one suite sharing bottles and having an awesome time...oh and i must mention that we had an HD projector in our room with a HUGE screen to use and also about 4 plasma tv's. Also, we had an entire sound sytem connected to our projector which we then connected to our ipods and had a raging good time. This suite was freaking awesome and I recommend it to everyone who wants a great Vegas experiance. I wouldn't settle for any less, and at the cheap price it is at right now, you shouldn't even hesitate to get this room.
5	Ok, I don't get the bad reviews about this place.. lemme tell you.  I'm 28, and I live in Cali, and go to Vegas A LOT.  This is hands down the best hotel room I've stayed in!  I've stayed at Encore, Wynn, Caesars, MGM, Mandelay Bay, etc...  THIS WAS THE BESTI booked at one bedroom suite, on a sunday, for $120+tax through Vegas.com.  That's right, $120+tax for the best room in Vegas (it was Sunday however).4 LCD TVs in the place, FULL kitchen, huge bed with hot tub in the bedroom (not some cheap spa either, a VERY upscale and nice), full leather sectional, automatic blinds, huge bathroom with washer/dryer!  what rooms in vegas have a freaking washer/dryer in them?  This room has the WORKS.I checked in at 3pm after a Saturday night, and there was NO line and a fully staffed front desk.  All the girls were very helpful and even flirty, that never hurts.  Super super nice people working there, I even called for help with the automatic blinds at 4am and someone came up to my room within 15 minutes.I will be staying here again any chance I get, I highly recommend it.  The only downside is the long ass walk to get to the casino, because you have to walk through the entire miracle mile shops, but hell, get a drink before and you're fine.  Now Harrah's just bought PH, but I don't know if it will effect PH Towers, I hope it does because I'm Platinum with Harrah's and would love cheap PH Tower rooms!!
4	This place is great for Bachelor Parties, and as I would imagine, anything else a well. We had a 4 bedroom suite that was really one suite that has 3 adjoining rooms.As mentioned, there was a huge projection screen, and all of the amenities were nice. it even had your name on the screen (at least the name of the person who booked the reservation) everytime you turned on the TV.There were plenty of towels, soaps, and shampoos for our two night stay and service was never an issue. There was a full kitchen which did not have an oven however, which made it difficult to cook our frozen pizzas late night.All in all a great place and I would definitely stay here again!
3	Booked a 2 bedroom suite. The room was located down the hall and had nice double doors. When we walked in, it was amazing. Nice and spacious, the floor to ceiling windows had a nice view of City Center and the shades would come down and go back up with the push of a button. When the screen is down it also serves as a projector, although ours was kinda crooked. It was definitely a nice place to hang out and pregame and just chill. Some of the negatives were, in one of the bathrooms the toilet seat was missing one hinge or something, so it would constanlty move or be in a crooked position. There were plenty of towels and the bathroom showers were pretty neat. We ordered room service one night, and there were a ton of extra charges, the lady that brought up the food was very nice and sweet so we felt bad and tipped her some more.Also the ladies at the front desk were a little snobby, but I was eventually able to get what I needed.Another issue I had with the room was these giant moths that somehow ended up in our room. It is pretty scary to stumble into the bathroom after a long night out and turn on the light and see a giant Mothra fly at your face. I think i threw some towels and newspapers at it and went to sleep.One other thing to note is, although they share the PH name, they do not have any affiliation to the casino portion. So all the gambling that my friends and I did, had no impact on comping any of our extra costs! Major thumbs down on that. I probably will not stay here again.
4	Details: May 7-9 2010 Check in 6pm $88 a night on priceline bidding.    Arriving I wouldnt say the place was dead but rather the lobby is so expansive that the amount of people there did nothing to make it look alive. There was no line at 6pm and quickly checked in (quicknote: $20 resort fee upon check in). There was a lady to greet you and walk you to your elevator as her job is to try to get you to buy some timeshare. Just told her ive been here before (a lie) and that im ok and she quickly stated to enjoy my stay and let us be which was nice as I was prepared for more of a fight. The hotel is completly new and it shows down to the carpet in your room has a foam-like substance that makes walking barefoot feel quite pleasant. I have stayed at PH proper and I would say the rooms in the original are bigger if only because the kitchenette in the towers takes up space. The room has automatic blinds and an expansive window in which I had a view of the strip and looked stunning at night. To wrap it up the good is the kitchenette has a can/bottle opener (you cant imagine how many times in vegas this problem has arose!) silverware, glasses and complementary water and a fridge that you can actually put things in rather then forcing your bottles with the expensive pay ones. The bed is huge and comfy and your sofa is a sofa bed for those in a pinch situations. The bad is in order to get to the PH casino takes about 5-6 min walk through the miracle mile shop which isnt too bad but if you want to be right there in the action I can see it as a minus. And I think a fellow yelper has stated this before but the shower heads kind of lack pressure which is only a deal because I want to sandblast the filth of vegas off of me and that shower didnt do much to make me feel any better. Other then those nit picks I say it is an excellent hotel for the price I got on Priceline and would strongly come again.
5	I stayed here during my recent visit to Vega$ I was traveling with my parents and sister on a family affair weekend. I was looking for a modern yet trendy hotel without all the ZERO fat half naked girls hanging all over the hotel. LOLBooked this hotel on priceline.com  $124 a night This Tower just opened up in December 2009, and i LOVED it. it was perfectly centrally located in the heart of the action.across from the HOT Aria, Bellagio, Paris and the Miracle Mile Shops!!Planet Hollywood Casino floor by far... the COOLEST & Hippest casino floor, On a Saturday night its a MUST for people watching and a Club atmosphere with top music hits playing :)The pool is pretty cool right smack in the middle the lobby floor. Back to my room: it had a small kitchenette with all the kitchen utensils plates, bowls, wine glasses, mugs coffee maker, decent size fridge... it was all perfect.The queen size sofa bed was pretty comfortable and so was the queen size bed in our room OVERALL- I would stay here again.
4	We stayed at PH Towers for my stag Apr 8-11. We stayed in a 4 bedroom suite and there was ample room for 5 guys. By ample I mean about 2500 sq ft!!! The place was huge with flatscreens every where and a HD projector that played on a large 8 foot screen. We spoke to the guy at the front desk when we checked in about getting a 4 bdr vs 2 x 2 bedroom suites and he made it all work out in our favour so we paid a bit less. It was about $1500 total for the 3 nights! The stay at PH towers made our vegas trip and made us feel like we like rockstars. Service took a while when you wanted it and we did have a few moths come up through the vents but nothing worth worrying about. Highly recommend staying here. Stag or no stag I would do it again!
2	My experience here was not what I expected. At all.Just a few things we encountered...Check-in wait was 35 mins!? And some pointless hotel staff beezy was walking around asking for our names like it was roll call. They didn't clean the room thoroughly. Our kitchen garbage was still very full with mysterious nastiness from the previous guests.Called housekeeping for extra sheets and towels, was on hold for 10 minutes, when I finally reached someone she said she'd dispatch her crew. I really don't know how long it took, but even after 30 minutes we didn't get our stuff and had to leave. Surprised to find it was even there when we returned. Our toilet was not cleaned. We seriously kept smelling sh!t and kept blaming each other until we realized there was still sh!t stuck on the backside of the bowl. Groooooooossssss!Their pool is lame and everyone in the mall can see you from the windows...kinda creepy if you know what I mean...Unless I'm blind, there was no indication as to what time check out was. I found out @ 11:30 that check out time was @ 11am! When I called front desk, I got transferred six different times to six different extensions. One would assume the "Front Desk" button on the phone connects you directly to THE FRONT DESK. Nope, not the case here.And...when I asked for 30 more minutes, as most hotels will generously extend that courtesy, the lady said they don't give courtesy check out times and would charge me $65.00 if I didn't check out in the next few minutes. Rude. So I took my PJ'd, no makeup ass downstairs and checked out. And then I went back upstairs to finish getting ready, taking my sweet time. But on the nicer side...So, it seems they are short on staff or don't care much about their guests. Well, there was one nice housekeeping lady on the 6th floor who helped us get that nasty trash, didn't get her name but she was really nice and if we did have an extra Jabbawockeez ticket we would've definitely taken her with us.One more thing, I do have to say that the room was big and spacious, nice big table that can seat 6 and comfy L-shaped couch/sofa bed. The room can easily sleep 6 ppl because there are so many cushions and chairs. The jetted hot tub was a nice addition too. Oh and TVs in every freakin room; totally unnecessary but I guess nice to have while you're getting ready (channel 115-25/27 nice hip/hop mix tapes). Would've been nice if the living room TV actually responded to the remote. I wish my experience was better here because I liked the room size for the price we paid, but unfortunately, PH Towers will never get my stay again.
2	The place is falling apart already, and its only been open a few months. The views are great and staff is very helpful but the place is a mess! Only one tower is up, and the pools open but not even completed! There is dirt all over the glass and tables in my suite. The TV's turn on and off when they want and when you call maid service they never come. We ordered light bulbs for our room because they were broken when we got here, and they came at midnight! We were sleeping then. I have to kids and they hate it here. We are not coming back here for a LONG time!
5	So on our last trip to Vegas it was for a joint bachelor and bachelorette party.  Well I already told you how crappy the bachelor suite at caesar's was.  Well the girl's got an awesome room instead.  First off they got a great deal, their suite was super cheap.  They paid 300 bucks a night which was more than 1/3 of what we paid for.  Granted their suite was smaller but wow was it nicer.First off the wonderful view.  You're overlooking the new Aria/city center area, the paris tower is in the background and you're overlooking their pool.  The place is basically brand new.  It came with all of the newest  amenities: projectors, LCDs, remote controlled curtains, everything controlled by a single remote.The shower had 2 shower heads, they had a full kitchen, with a refrig that dispensed filtered water.  It was just so freaking nice.  The guys were jealous. Look for a deal online, you won't regret it.
4	The hotel/resort was very nice. The room was very spacious. We had a King size studio which came with a kitchenette. Stainless steal microwave, dish washer, mini refrigerator, bar sink, dishes, glasses, cups, and even a dish rank with soap. Nice down comforter and tons of pillows. A sofa and coffee table. Flat screen TV with HD channels. Powered shades which you can use your remote control or wall mounted panel. The best part was the jetted spa tub and shower. Everyone at the resort was very friendly and nice. Valet parking was great. The wait time for the car was 2 mins. Quick! The resort lobby was beautiful. The only thing is that you need to walk thru Miracle Mile Mall about 5 mins to get to the casino . The fitness center is located on the 4th floor and opened to 10 pm. No charge to use the fitness center.
2	We had booked our week-long stay here after a timeshare presentation we went to last time we were in Vegas when it was still under construction. It's about 40% of the way done now and they just opened up for business in January. (This isn't the Planet Hollywood Resort, it's a separate complex attached through the Miracle Mile Shops on Harmon St).The good:- The pool area is great. Not as huge as some of the other resorts, but the staff there were super attentive. The pool has these great "lounge decks" on either side that have about 8 in of water so you can lounge and have a drink in the water. We sprung for a cabana for the day we were out all day, and it was reasonably priced compared to other similar pools on the strip- The rooms are nice. We had a one bed suite, and it had a jacuzzi tub, separate shower, enclosed toilet, king bed in the bedroom and an L-shaped leather sectional that had a queen pull out. TVs EVERYWHERE, including a shade of the floor to ceiling windows that doubles as a screen for a projection TV. Nice granite in the kitchen and baths.- It was nice to be a little bit off the Strip, it felt a little more private than when we stayed at the PH resort last time we were there.- Because we were "vacation preview owners," we were assigned an owner host, Mike, who was great. He went out of his way to try and fix some of the stuff that went wrong... which was plenty...The bad:- The housekeeping staff were HORRIBLE. We were told by Westgate that they're a 3rd party contractor and they're trying to get rid of them, but it was kind of too little, too late. It took no fewer than 6 calls to get linens for the sofa bed sent up (from both us and Mike, our host), and then they called at 3am when they were at the door to deliver another set. I know this is Vegas, but we had just flown in that night and had already been in bed a hour when they FINALLY showed up. We had a similar experience trying to get more towels.- We also weren't warned at check in that housekeeping service wouldn't be provided everyday because our unit was considered "timeshare" and not "hotel." We had overflowing trashcans in the kitchen from empty bottles, ect, and no idea when they'd be emptied.- The place has only been open for 5 months and there's already a lot of obvious wear on the property. Our couch was ripped on the bottom, there was paint chipping off in a few different places around the room.- Half the electronics were wired wrong. The sound didn't work on the TV in the bedroom, and the wrong remotes controlled the wrong window shades. We also couldn't control the volume of the TV in the living room, and it was kinda loud.- One of the other reviews mentioned a down comforter, but we just had two flat sheets sandwiching a fuzzy blanket. I know it's the middle of the desert, but it was just weird to not have proper covers.- Tons of other little stuff that just seemed like not a lot of thought was given to it, like the lack of a soap dish by the bathroom sink so you had a slimy bar of hand soap sliding around a granite counter top, having a dishwasher in the unit and providing no soap for it, but providing liquid dish soap to wash dishes by hand and then no dishtowels or dish rack. Nothing huge, but enough little things added up to some definite annoyance.- The decor is pretty high end and modern (red walls and red leather, black couches and black leather headboard, zebra stripe chaise with red trim), which I can imagine is going to look pretty dated and tacky in a few years.- My husband does quite a bit of gambling (I can't complain, though, since he's pretty good at it), so he gets rewards points and stuff from the casino. But despite sharing a name, the PH Towers are in no way affiliated with the casino, so there's no way to earn comps, ect over there to offset room charges. We knew that going in, so it's not a complaint, necessarily, just a warning if anyone is thinking of booking there thinking it'll be like staying at the regular PH resort.- We had agreed to attend a sales pitch as part of booking the vacation, and the sales staff were pretty rude to us. My husband laid out all of the reasons why we weren't impressed with what we'd seen, and they tried to play the whole "well, with the price you were guaranteed on the last tour, corporate doesn't want us to sell to you anyway..." bit, and frankly, it was tiresome and kind of insulted our intelligence.SO, overall, we definitely weren't impressed.
4	This hotel seems to cater to upscale young professional individuals with money. The decor was sleek and sophisticated in the rooms, and the view from the 35th floor was gorgeous. There are granite tabletops, beautiful large mirrored bathrooms, and comfortable beds. The best part by far was the pool, which has many beautiful people everywhere and has a nice atmosphere. Why only 4 stars? The shopping in the area is not up to par with comparable hotels.
5	So... my advice to you curious yelper if you have the extra money to spend on a suite SPEND IT!!!!! A couple of girls and I got a 2 bedroom suite it was incredible!! One of the rooms had a jaccuzi, the shower was amazing in both rooms, amaazing view!!! There were two microwaves a stove, dishes, a huge fridge, tvs everywhere, couches chairs,everything you need. I almost didn't want to leave the room my last day my bed was so comfortable. Room service and the pool suck though. 18 bucks for soup delivered to your room..18 BUCKS??? cmon. Pool sucks because no one was there. Other than that triple thumbs up!
2	First, know that this is a time share.  Not a bad thing at all but for only being less then a year old there are already some issues with the rooms. It does impress when you first walk in.  Tons of flatscreen TVs, modern looking furniture, a kitchen, granite in the bathroom. SWEET!  Until you stay for a few days and realize there are a ton of little issues with the room. Like chipped granite, broken doors, damaged furniture. Also, there isn't the usual housekeeping that comes and cleans the rooms, so after a few days the place just winds up getting gross.  Garbage was overflowing. They charged for any pickup of garbage.  The front desk staff is very nice BUT the fact that we had to call over 3 times to get towels is awful. It literally took 2 days to get fresh towels.    The pool area is OK, a bit  small but very good to hang out in.  We had a cabana which was cool.   The bar area here and inside the towers was very much lacking in variety of beverages.  The shelves just looked so sad, with the limited selection.  Not the typical bar you would expect in Las Vegas.  Overall, PH Towers by Westgate has quite a few management and maintenance issues which contribute to a mediocre experience.  I heard there were plans to build additional towers that would surround the pool.  I doubt this could happen with all of the issues the one tower is having, right now!  They really need to get their act together and properly run this place.   One last note, the regular Planet Hollywood Hotel, is world's apart from this place. It's run by a totally different group and is a great hotel! We stayed our first night in Vegas at The hotel and it was an awesome experience!
4	We're staying here during the weekend of 6/26 and the room that we have is *sing* AWESOME! 33rd floor with a view. Bedroom. Huge bathroom. 6 tv's. A kitchenette. The floor-to-ceiling window in the livingroom has a shade which drops down to double as a HD projector screen.We're having fun.
4	I stayed here this past weekend (6/25-26)with my boyfriend for a last minute Vegas getaway. We had never stayed at this particular hotel before and there was a great price, so we decided to try it out!We selected the King Studio with King Bed (for some reason Expedia gives the option of a King Sofabed?? Uhh no thank you!) so I called to make the reservation to ensure we didn't end up sleeping in a pull out!We got to the hotel around 3:30pm. Valet was full so we self-parked. Not a big deal, as they still took our luggage so we could have it delivered to our room once we checked-in. We got a spot quickly and walked through The Miracle Mile Shops to get to the lobby.The lobby is beautiful! Lots of huge, open windows showcasing the small but very nice pool and cabanas, a nice lobby bar (Red Rum? A little freaky! haha) Lots of places to lounge and a TV area. We noticed there were lots of young people walking around, which made for a fun atmosphere.We waited in line for a bit and once we got to the counter, a young lady (Hallison.. I remember her name because I've never heard that name in my life!) was helping us. Seemed like all the front desk ladies had a 'tude, but we didn't care considering she upgraded our room free of charge! Sweet! We head up to the 54th floor (Yay!) and walk down a long hall (Whoo hoo!) and end up in the second to last suite at the end of the hall. I'm assuming we were next to a rather large suite, as the hall ended at double-doors. We walked into our room and down a hallway. To our right: A kitchenette! Yay! A fridge for our alcohol/waters! It was pitch black in our room but as we walked into the living area, we looked around and saw no bed. Wtf? All of a sudden, the power-shades start rising and we look around to our awesome suite and AMAZING view of the strip and the mountains! We walk a bit further into our bedroom and had even more amazing windows exposing a full wrap-around view. Thanks Hallison!! :) We loved the room! Fun and modren decor, comfy bed and cozy comfortor. Bathroom was great (Except black toilets are weird to me, blegh) Shower was great with a whirlpool bath, lots of counter space and great make-up lighting (That's important, people!!)Our neighbors in the suite next to us were a group of young girls celebrating their friends 21st b-day. We could hear them partying but didn't care, as we did the same :)All in all- great location (Miracle Mile shops are awesome! Lots to do!) great room (Amazing suite upgrade!!) Fantastic experience.We would DEFINITELY stay here again!!
3	had an ok experience here but i was definitely expecting more...my trip got off to a bad start when we arrive to the towers at around 2pm on a fri afternoon. apparently the valet parking is full - but with no signage or attendants around how are we supposed to know?! a line of cars form while we wait for someone to show and when they finally do show, they direct us toward self parking. on a plus side, the parking garage on the 3rd floor is connected to westgate so it's an easy walk even with luggage. check-in consisted of maybe a 10-15 minute wait but when we were placed on a 50th floor, 1 bedroom suite, i couldnt complain haha.the room is definitely spacious! in the 1 bedroom suite, there's def enough room to fit at least 10 people comfortably! huge king bed, awesome jacuzzi tub, very comfy couches/loungers, and a high-tech projector screen tv. it was the small things though that kinda disappointed me. our kitchen for example was supposed to be fully stocked but we couldnt find any pots/pans/utensils even if we wanted to cook! also how are we supposed to use a dishwasher without dishwashing detergent. i'm sure this could have all been handled with a call to the front desk...but i've stayed at other time share properties in vegas and all these items were already found in the room upon check-in.since this is a timeshare resort and my friend had booked a deal to check out the property, we had to sit through a presentation to attempt to sell us a unit. this was expected but i felt that the staff was super pushy even when my friend explicity said that she was not interested. they simply wouldnt take NO for an answer. i get that this is their job, but when someone repeatedly says so, you gotta give up. not surprisingly our guest services representative assigned to us, stopped calling and asking us if we needed anything after we said no haha.overall spacious room, pretty good location attached to the Miracle Mile shops, and a decent experience...but maybe next time i'd prefer staying at the PH hotel instead.
4	Depending on what you are coming to Vegas for, the PH towers may very well be the way to go. It certainly was an experience for us when we decided to pack our bags and go one random weekend. We were celebrating my friend's first year of grad school completion, and had just planned to do a lazy weekend with mani/pedis, beach/shopping, and bar/clubbing. But oh a whim, we decided to celebrate in Vegas instead! She had scored a deal on expedia for a studio in the towers for $250 for a two night stay (pretty good deal already), but when we got there, we got upgraded to a two bedroom suite! The twenty trick probably helped =P. But we were ecstatic! I had known that PH in general was known for their upgrades, but this was unexpected!Anyways, we went up to our room on the 23rd floor and to our delight, our room was the last one at the end of the hall, with double doors. Upon entrance, my girlfriends were just squealing and jumping for joy, running from room to room, it was fun to see how excited they all were! The room was very chic and the decorations very modern, hip and trendy. It was completely furnished with almost everything you could ask for, including washer/dryer, dishwasher, wet bar, and projector screen tv. A stocked minifridge would have sealed the deal for me. It was definitely a partying room and we all loved it! We had a wonderful view of the pool down below, as well as of the Eiffel Tower at the neighboring Paris Casino.The staff here are very friendly, fun, and courteous, from their front desk staff to housekeeping. The hotel itself is clean and I like how the Towers entrance is detached from the casino area, and in the midst of the Miracle Mile shops.There were somethings about this hotel though, that keep it from being a 5 star experience. First off, valet was full already when we arrived. Seriously? For an all suite building, I expect them to have enough valet space to accommodate every hotel room in the building. We had to park in Planet Hollywood's parking structure and walk quite a bit to get to the Towers. Secondly, their toiletries are of subpar quality. Motel 6 would give better quality toiletries. Never have I been disgusted with a hotel's shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel. I actually felt dirtier after using them (they smelled like melted plastic and didn't really clean you at all), and had to get my own products. I didn't even bother with their lotion. Thank goodness I always make it a point to bring my own toiletries in case! The same goes for their toilet paper, tissues, and the mattress even was just average, not exactly very comfortable. But the PH Towers do not advertise themselves as a luxury hotel, so I suppose we cannot hold it too much against them. Their aim is to be hip and chic, to create a partying, glamorous atmosphere. That has nothing to do with being luxurious. Another thing I wasn't too please about was that they did not have their own spa to visit. Even though they built in their own fitness center, to access the spa, you have to go to Planet Hollywood and the casino. It isn't very convenient at all.All these, however, are just minor details and I'm sure things that most people will overlook. Compared to everything else this hotel had to offer and the outstanding upgrade we received, they were almost omissible. So I only took off a star. It's still an excellent hotel, and I will definitely be booking my stay with them when I want to come to Vegas for partying rather than relaxing.
1	Initially, the hotel started out alright. I was precautious. They tried selling us timeshare which I didn't think that it was appropriate for them to do when I just barely checked in. Upon checking in our room, the room was missing literally EVERYTHING. The pull out sofa had no mattress, no pillows, no blankets, no hangers, no iron but it does have an iron board, no cups. Literally it was missing everything and it was considered a "suite" which includes a mini kitchen, fridge, utensils, plates, etc. The reason I knew it was missing all that amenities because they gave us another room after complaining that housekeeping had given us four visits already and it was still missing items so the hotel put us in another similar room that was nicer and included those amenities. We complained to management over the phone and they were quite rude. We came down to speak to them personally and the one we had spoken to had left and so we had to explain our story to another manager which was quite cumbersome. The manager we spoke in person to was quite rude and loud and then proceeded to threaten to cancel our reservation. It was getting nowhere and so we waited to talk to different manager who then helped us out a little bit. He gave us a upgraded deal for a cheaper price. We upgraded out suite and I specifically asks the total amount prior to agreeing. When checking out, the total amount I had to pay extra was double the amount that I was informed before the upgrade which then took time out of my vacation day just to talk to management to fix issues. We spent a good 2 to 3 hours talking to management throughout our whole trip because of various issues and those hours could have been spent doing something else. The day before we were to check out, housekeeping services knocked on our door at 8am (remember check out time is 11 am) to find out when we were leaving. We have a good 3 hours and they wanted us out already? I paid a lot to have a nice stay and they were quite eager to kick us out. I have been to Vegas at least 5 times and this hotel has the worst staffing and management by far than any other hotels I've stayed at. The only good thing is that it is right next to all the shops in the miracle mile shop.Summary of the whole hotel:The good: decor, cleanlinest and the two bed suite (you have to see it)The bad: Housekeeping. Took at least 40 minutes to bring us a pillow.The ugly: Management (Sean and Sam were rude and has no sense of customer service. Rommel and Robert on the other hand was quite pleasant but still a little bit inexperience in making a customer's vacation a good one).
4	We owe a timeshare at this place...We bought before it was built...For us, it worked out great.. I know some people don't like timeshares, but this place is great... The price was fine.. It allows us to travel at a discounted rate all the time and to so many places....The rooms are awesome... great pool... close to the strip...We will be back..
2	I really wanted to like this place.  The room had all of the "extras" that you would expect from a five-star hotel - jacuzzi near the bed, large bathroom with full shower and even a washing machine, full kitchen, living/sitting area and hello....push a button and the floor-to-ceiling view of Las Vegas turns into a shade where you can project the flat-screen TV (and there were 5 of them in the suite) for a larger than life view.Where it fell down was the basics.  When you arrive, there's really no signage for self-park.  I assume you park where the normal "Planet Hollywood" hotel guests park, which is a bit of a hike to the towers.  Also, when I checked in, their system didn't have my reservation, which I made on Orbitz two days prior.There was some broken furniture in the room (not really a deal breaker, just a panel of glass on a cabinet and shower head and bathroom mirror...)When we checked out, getting from our room on the 18th floor to the lobby was a nightmare...obviously everyone else was checking out and the elevators wouldn't stop on our floor, and if they did, they were absolutely packed with people.  And the valet/bell desk wasn't prepared for the amount of people that were coming to check out/leave.  I may give this place another chance, but for the price...not sure I got my money's worth.
4	We had a great time! We stayed here this past weekeknd for the Justin Bieber concert for my daughter.. I actually got upgraded to a one bedroom suite..clean even though the view was a little couded by the parking garage in the corner of my eye  we still saw Paris and Ballys..would def stay here again!
4	Stayed from July 23-July 25.Booking through their website wasn't a problem. Checking in around 10pm on a Friday night was fairly quick. Parking was a little tough because their valet remained full throughout the week end since Justin Bieber had his concert @ PH and Self parking was full too. PRO: Booked a 2 bedroom and 2 full bathrooms on the 16th floor.  (Front desk claims everything above 15th floor gives a nice view which is more expensive ) Nice view of the replica Eiffel tower @ Paris and the surrounding hotels. Bedroom had 5 tvs, awesome tv controls for room service, room temp levels, and even checking out. Full kitchen had their own cooking pots, plates, spoon&forks, glasses, cups and complete appliances :D They don't charge for extra guests and even offered giving extra room keys. There was 12 of us in the room :] CONS: small standard pool, crowded elevators on Sunday afternoon. We literally had to use the stairs to go down cause we've been waiting for past half an hour already and the only two elevators that seemed to be working remained full every time it would open. Nice washer and dryer BUT there were no instructions how to use it.
4	Loved the decor. Loved the color theme. Love the paintings.Loved the huge ( fits six) bed. Loved the automatic everything. Loved the location. Loved the room.
2	Rude and inattentive valet staff. We waited about ten minutes before someone acknowledged us. One staff was at the podium, looked up from what she was doing, saw us, then went back to what she was doing. Once someone decided to help us, he said valet is "full" for guests, but not for timeshare owners... Worst customer service experience ever.Aside from that, the place is BEAUTIFUL. I will definitely stay here again, but will NOT deal with their valet service again.
3	It was a little difficult to differentiate between the self-parking lot for Westgate and the parking for Planet Hollywood itself, but we eventually figured it out (probably didn't help that my BFF was trying to give driving instructions while drunk in the backseat).One of the perks about this hotel is that they offer an AAA member discount. Two bedroom suite, a full kitchen (with stovetop and fridge), 4 LCDs, projector, living room with a pull-out couch, hot tub, king-sized beds- not too shabby for me (It was less than $900 for 2 nights). I especially love the remote-control blinds (I know everybody else hated them though, because I LOVED to tap the switch every morning to let the sunlight in and the boys wanted to sleep in, of course). The living room blind doubles as a screen for the projector at night. That being said, movies are $12.95- don't let your drunk girlfriend get a hold of the remote and order Wolfman.Too bad the hotel doesn't provide pots and pans. At 4 AM when all the restaurants downstairs were closed, we definitely could've made use of the kitchen. Next time we know to bring our own cookware.Very friendly staff who responded quickly to our requests via phone. Interesting shops in the area, but nothing that really caught my eye. I didn't get a chance to go down to the casino area, so maybe next time.The downside to this place was that one of the days during our stay coincided with Justin Bieber's concert. By the time we returned from lunch on Saturday, parking was nonexistent. The screaming little fangirls down in the lobby blew me away. And on Sunday during check-out, 2 out of 6 elevators were working. What was up with that?! Needless to say, the wait took so long that I walked down 18 flights of stairs.I'll probably be back at this hotel at some point, but not before I've tried other hotels along the strip.
4	I can say that I would LOVE to come back again. Actually, I'd like to go back now. I stayed here for three nights. My boyfriend and I were very worried because of the reviews but now, LOVED it. I want to make very sure that this review touches every base because I felt that the reviews that I read - either you must be a complete snob or have horrible luck. We booked out room in advance and got the room for three nights for about 400 dollars. We were told that it was a studio room on the levels of 4-28 or something another which wasn't a concern when we also found out that there was only one ice machine in the whole hotel. So we left LA at the butt crack of dawn, missing the heat that was going to happen at noon, right? We arrived, went shopping at the outlets and then decided that it was late enough into the day to check in. We got to the parking. The valet parking isn't hard to find by ANY means! It has this huge sign (literally as big as the miracle mile sign) that says, parking for Planet Hollywood WESTGATE Towers! We had service that came up right away and the valet was not full. Bellman took our luggage and was so nice about everything. We checked in, it was fast and super easy, the line was short and there were tons of people to help. We got bumped up to the 51st floor which was REALLY great of the people. It took all less than about 10 minutes to park the car, bell man help, check in and be up in the room. Seriously. We got to the room and let me just say that this was just such a surprise. I would love to go back to this hotel. The room "awoke" and the shades rose while revealing a SWEET ASS view of Las Vegas. It was just amazing. I screamed and yelped for joy (HAHA). It was really just amazing. We got a little view of the Bellagio fountains, the back of the PH hotel but then we saw a good amount of the hotels on the strip and mountains. GREAT view! The whole room was really amazing. TVs in every room including the bathroom. The tub is there. It's bigger in the two suite rooms but the tub for the one bedroom is just perfectly fine. You have these mirrors around the tub because if you really think about it, whatever way you are facing in it, you get a great view of the view outside. The shower is huge and the shower head is awesome. One downer was that there was NO pressure on it. The toilet is in the corner and is black. That somewhat worried me. The bed was so comfortable and really just amazing. TONS of pillows. The mini fridge was clean, as well as the dishwasher and microwave. Everything was clean. There was a small closet in the "living" area. All furniture was nice and fit the theme. I really give this one of the nicest rooms that I've stayed in. Especially for the amount paid. The pool can get really crowded so we only went on Thursday and Friday. After that, it was enough. For some reason, Thursday wasn't that bad and Friday, the water was ice cold. I was worried that sitting half way in the water and being hit by the heat would get me sick so I just had to get out. The worry of the trip was the walk in the miracle mile. I felt like it was going to take forever. But to be honest, once we got the hang of it, it really wasn't bad at all. The walk was maybe at most, a few minutes. If you got lost, you were screwed but it was really easy. Besides, let's be honest, girls can be troopers with the heels or without them, you are at least walking INSIDE the mall, right? Someones always cleaning 'em floors! There aren't any restaurants in the hotel, there is a bar but then why do you need food in the hotel when you can just walk throughout the miracle mile? I mean, really? If you can't even walk to the food that's just simply downstairs, you should not be in Vegas. There is a little store in the hotel lobby but there is also an ABC store down into the mile also. The one downer was the TVs were kind of slow when loading and the whole guide was just annoying. But that's the biggest complaint. There isn't a MP3 dock for your ipod or anything like that so I brought my own. But there are music channels that you can get from the TV. I don't mean MTV, I mean strictly music. Ahh, another complaint that I had read was that it was hard to find ice and also room servicing maids. We had maids come to our room every day but didn't need them to do any cleaning because I am truly a neat freak, but they were very nice. I felt like during the daytime, from then till about 3 or so, there was a maid in the hallways. We also felt that since there wasn't any ice machines, it would be an issue but nope. We got room service to bring us some and it took a bit long but they explained to us that it's because they had to bring them from the hotel across and to the towers. What a pain (for them). Overall, I would totally stay here again and really felt that this place was a lot better than the people previous reviewed.
4	Let me start by saying that this place is 5 stars, but the only reason I put 4 stars was because the nearest casino area is a 15min walk thru the Planet Hollywood shops.  We had the 2 bedroom King Suite Room.  RIDICULOUS!!!!!  Master bedroom at a king bed, flat screen, 4 person jacuzzi, and full bathroom.  The other bedroom had a King Bed, couch lounge, kitchen, bathroom, and its own entrance door.  The living had nice lounge area, two flat screens, full kitchen and of course the highlight, a HD PROJECTOR that projects a 100 inch screen on the electric window shades.  From what I understand, the Price will be going up Big Time in a few months.
3	I stayed here the last week of June. I was leery because of previous reviews but found a good rate for a 2 bedroom suite. The rooms were extremely nice and perfect for the group i was with. See reviews below for the room amenities.The walk to the casino was about 7-10 minutes. Its not bad,but it does get tiring at the end of the night, especially if you just want to drop something off at the room. The pool doesn't have a great atmosphere and  the female bartender that i had was full of attitude. The biggest problem with our stay was the evevators at checkout. It took a solid 30 minutes to even get on an elevator. Each one was jam packed and people were riding the evevator up so they could secure a spot, this made the elevators stop on every floor up, then back down. This is ridiculous for a brand new place to not be able to handle elevator capacity. Would i stay here again? Yes, but it would be way down on my list of options.
3	I really wanted to give this place 4 stars, but there were overwhelming factors beyond my control that warranted this 3 star rating.  Let's start with the good, and work our way to the bad.I originally booked 2 separate rooms online.  We got there, and lucky us, got a FREE UPGRADE to a 2 bedroom suite.  I've never had a suite before, so this was quite the experience for us.  It also made me happy when the girl at the front desk told me this hotel was a complete NON-SMOKING hotel.  Made my allergy filled sinuses happy.In addition to two amazing bedrooms, it had 2 bathrooms, a full kitchen, dining table, living room, and washer and dryer.  It was absolutely amazing.  If you put the blinds down, we even had the option of a large HD projector screen.  The bedrooms were great.  The beds were comfy, the master bedroom came with a 2-head shower, 2 sinks, and a JACUZZI!The room had a great view.  Since we had the suite, we had windows EVERYWHERE!The hotel is also located a short distance from the strip.  A nice stroll through the miracle mile mall gets you right into the center of the strip.  Of course, all the shopping IS distracting, but I loved it anyway.Now for the reasons I, in good honesty, couldn't give this place a four, and was even contemplating giving them a 2.5:1.  They couldn't provide me with hypo-allergenic linens.  In the past, I have brought my own.  However, in most hotels I've visited, they provide that free of charge to their guests.  Here they simply told me they didn't have them.2.  The Jacuzzi: First they couldn't provide us with any bath salts or bubbles for the jacuzzi.   Then it takes us FOREVER to get the jacuzzi up and running because there are no directions ANYWHERE on how to turn on a jacuzzi.  Third, the jets weren't great.  I leaned up against one hoping to get a bit of a massage, but unfortunately, the jets were not up to par.3.  Our door didn't close right.  I guess it was slightly off the hinge.  Therefore, it took great effort each time we had to open and close the door.4.  No valet parking.  In other hotels I've visited, there is ALWAYS valet parking for the guests, even if they aren't taking any more cars for people just visiting at the hotel and not staying.  Parking my own car?  No bueno.5.  Our suite was connected to two other rooms.  So at about 1am/2am, we got a knock on our door about a noise complaint.  WTF?  Who the hell is asleep at that hour in Vegas?All-in-all, I can't say my experience here was worth a 2, but it was getting pretty close at times.  However, for the price we paid, it was a good hotel to stay at, and we had a wonderful time.
2	I am glad we only paid $110 a night on orbitz, service was terrible. From the second we pulled in to the hotel we got terrible service.  The valet didn't greet or take our car right away and we sat there for 5 mins even though there were 4 valets working and not a single car but ours in site.  We had 2 rooms and wanted to be on the same floor so had to wait till 4 to check in which was ok by us we ended up walking around the huge mall the hotel is attached to.  At 4pm our rooms were still not ready but finally got checked. When I went to my room there was someone still in that room. The next day we tried to switch rooms to finally be near our friends and they sent us to a dirty room again. After speaking to a manager and standing around at the front desk for 20mins they upgraded us to a suite.  We ran into a few more problems through out our stay including not having our room cleaned all day and the TV not being able to play movies. Every time I called or asked for assistance there was pretty much no urgency to fix the problem and I constantly was hearing excuses from the staff. Besides the front desk manager pretty much everyone we cam in contact with at the hotel was rude and showed very little interest in helping us.Upgrading to a suite was well worth it and the location of PH towers was great.  The staff and service really ruined the hotel experience. I would never stay at this hotel or recommend this hotel to anyone unless you get a killer deal.
4	It's new nice and clean but very boring here.  Hanging out by the pool was boring.
3	First off, for the price I paid, the room was worth it overall. The only reason I give 3 stars is because of the management of the towers.Check-in was great, the lady was very helpful and quick and I made it to the room and was in awe! The amenities in the one bedroom suite were great!The problem with management arose when I requested linens for the sofa bed at 9:30pm. It took 5 additional phone calls to both front desk and housekeeping (including being left on hold for 10 minutes by Deborah at the front desk and my threatening Tim in housekeeping with going to reception and screaming in person) to get the linens at 1:10am.I'd say as long as you don't need anything from the towers other than towels, you'll be fine. At least I know that if I stay here again, all I have to do to get things done quickly is threaten to scream in person at the front desk.
5	For their pool only: AMAZING! It was a great place to hang out, because it wasn't as crowded as the pool parties all around Vegas. We got a cabana (which was less expensive as said pool party locations), and had the best time! The whole area is pretty new and lavish. The servers and bouncers were so fun! I would go back here in a heartbeat!Note: To get here, you walk through the Miracle Mile shops and over toward the SW part of the loop. Just keep walking in your bikini and heels, Vegas style. You'll find it. :)
4	We originally booked a King Studio Suite but when we tried to check-in, the lady told us there were no more Studio Suites available so they gave us a free upgrade to the King Bedroom Suite. Not sure how big of a difference it is between the two, but the room we ended up was gorgeous! It was like we had our own little condo, complete with a master bedroom and a living area which included a side kitchenette, dinner table, and sofabed. Also, TVs in both rooms!The sofabed was a good size, and since one of our friends had to sleep on the floor, she used the sofa cushion to sleep on! Worked just fine :)Room service came by a lot to clean, so if you don't wanna be bothered, don't forget to press the Privacy Please button next to the door. I love how often they came by though, in case we did want our room cleaned.Big big plus: Miracle Mile shops are downstairs! Forget your swimsuit? Get one from H&M for cheap!I wish checkout was a little later than 11am, but that goes for all hotels. Late checkout costs $30. No thanks!Looks like the resort fee was an extra $19.95.Overall, a great experience. I will probably be staying here again!
4	Got upsold and for an extra $40 got a one bedroom suite.Considering we got the room originally through travelocity at a discounted price, the $40 upgrade wasn't bad.The room was really really nice. It had a full kitchen, including a fridge, stove, microwave, and dishes. The dining room table is adorned with a television. A few feet away in the living room is another television with a large L-shaped couch. If 2 tv's weren't enough, the blackout shade can come down and serve as a very large television via projector.The bedroom has a king size bed, tv, desk, and jacuzzi. The bathroom is large with a nice shower and toilet, each separated and behind glass doors. Oh ya, and another tv.This room would be nice to host a small party. It's a good size suite and has all the comforts of home you could need. Oh ya, did I forget to mention the washer and dryer hidden under the bathroom sink?
4	Just stayed at PHT with my girlfriends this past weekend.  The location of the building is a bit difficult to get to cuz it's not off the strip.  Lobby is huge.  No smoking allowed here.  That's my extra star.  When I checked in, nothing special.  I was hoping this girl would upgrade us but she said I could upgrade for add'l $40 more a night for a one bedroom suite.  No thanks.  I thought I reserved the one bedroom suite.  We got the small studio suite.  Nothing fancy, really.  It was nice to have a kitchenette though.  We were able to store all of our drinks in the fridge.  There was a dishwasher, extra dishes, utensils, a microwave.  Nice flatscreen.  LOVE the black out shades, especially after a long night.We were on the 50th floor and the water pressure in the shower really sucked.  The tub was a jacuzzi.  Didn't use it though.  Contrary to what other reviewers said, we had an ice machine on our floor and had housekeeping come in.  We were still getting ready so they came back in the afternoon to clean up.  They gave us extra towels too.  No hair dryer in the room.  Safe in the closet, but ours didn't work.  There was a small closet and an ironing board.  Wifi's not free.  We had a king size bed that was super comfy and tons of pillows.  We also had a queen pull out bed, which I heard was pretty comfy also.  The room was a little dirty.  I guess they had turned on the dishwasher and water had leaked onto the counter which made the black counter white.  The walls were disgusting!!  There was some type of liquid on the walls, near the bed.  Could be spit...or some other bodily fluids.  Overall, the stay was good.  I would stay here again, if the price was right.  The nonsmoking completely hooked me at PHT and it's direct access to the mile long shops at PH.
4	Place still looks like Aladdin inside, only reason I popped in here, was for Fat Tuesday. My favorite adult slurpee all around. If you haven't tried Fat Tuesday, then you don't deserve to call yourself a drinker.  Other than that, inside is full of nice shops, looks like most of the nice casinos on the strip.
5	I give 5 stars for PT towers by wesrgate-Las Vegas because i didn't really have anyproblem when i stay 2 nights over there,room was very nice and clean,and i also love swiming pool,i really had a good time
4	We had a two bedroom suite. It was pretty amazing. Very nice for the younger hip crowd. There was 5 big screen TV's and a projector in our suite. There was only three of us but this room would have easily slept 8 people comfortably. I will come back if the price is right.The pool was nice too, waitresses sucked.
4	After parking the car, it was a little confusing to find the towers vs the Planet Hollywood hotels.  Thank god the parking is much closer to the towers than the hotel.  The room is awesome.  Very clean and all the amenities are new.For the price I would definitely stay here again instead of going over to MGM, NY/NY, ...etc
3	This could have easily have been 4 stars or even 5 but there were just too many small problems during my stay at the PH Towers. I actually like the location because although you're not "officially" right on the strip, you can walk through the beautiful Miracle Mile mall to get there.  The hotel is new and quite stylish.  I really enjoyed the pool area (I usually don't spend much time at pools in Vegas but this one was nice), they have a nice pool-side bar that serves food and the music and people are not as trashy (not trashy at all) like can be found in soooo many other Vegas hotels.  I will make it fairly short with the negatives...Junior Suite is nothing but a regular hotel room and while stylish and new, not as clean as you'd expect from a fancy hotel. Customer service was pretty bad....when we initially called because room items were missing we had to deal with an attitude-having lady...the manager called us back later, he was nice and gave us a different/better room. Second day we left the room for 3 hours, came back and the room wasn't made...ok, fine....we call and say "hey we don't need you to clean the room but we want fresh towels and coffee"....1.5 hrs later no towels...call again they assure us we'll have the towels in 5 minutes and it took 25....you know, there are a bunch more situations like that I could recall and while I would even consider returning to PH Towers one day...they need to work on their service.  The MGM Signature is comparable but SO MUCH BETTER besides maybe the extra 200 feet you have to walk to the Strip....bottom line: I had a good time but PH Towers created several situations I did not want to deal with during my leisure time.
4	This isn't a 4 star hotel, but this place has a ton of value for what you pay for. 1) rooms are nice2) the miracle mile mall is downstairs (essential for picking up x,y,z)3) Fashion Show mall is across the street4) Central on the strip locationThe pool really kind of sucks, but you can go to the pool at Planet Hollywood proper, which is slightly better. Shouldn't matter because you should be completely faded since fat tuesday's is right downstairs!
5	Sick new hotel by the Westgate company in co op with PH. These rooms, even the normal ones, not just the suites, are SIIIICK!Massive flatscreens and projectors everywhere. Beautiful views, beautiful furniture custom designed for the room. The lobby is epic and the shops set up is super cool to walk thru. Def worth staying here a few nights if you want to feel like a celeb.
3	Not the greatest place I've stayed. The hotel itself was beautiful. A lot of red, black, and white. Very modern.The room? Well, at first glance it looks really bad ass. Spacious, tastefully decorated, a fairly large bathroom, hot tub in the bedroom, and gorgeous views of the city.And then you spent a little time. You realized there was very little water pressure coming from the leaking shower head. The faucet handles leaked so bad, anything on the large bathroom counter would be soaked. The toilet had to be flushed twice if you wanted to do away with any discriminating evidence. There were pieces falling off of the doorways. To name a handful of the issues.The maid, while pleasant, forgot to empty trash barrels. Stocked the room with sugar and creamers, but no coffee. Left very minimal towels and facecloths.The perks? I loved the red leather sectional, the chaise in the bedroom looking out towards the cityscape, and there was the screen that came down over the main window and allowed you to watch movies in theater style. The hotel itself: Gorgeous and clean, with friendly service. The Miracle Mile, which is a mall, is connected to the hotel. Very convenient when I wanted a new outfit for the night. Or a pair of panties when I ran out. And of course, my trip to Fredericks for the girl to snug up my corset before I hit the town.The pool? I wasn't too fond of the setup. The music was great. But the bar was just ridiculous. The price of a drink was astronomical, considering I could have taken the same amount of steps to the bar inside the lobby, and paid half the price. I had a great time in Vegas and well, the hotel most definitely gave me a place to crash after a night of partying. 3 stars.
2	Well I'm glad to know that we were the only ones to get treated like sh**. Our troubles started before my plane even took off for Vegas. The first person in our group arrived early and the check-in process was a mess. The hotel staff was rude for no reason. Once my friend got into the suite she noticed an awful smell coming from one of the bedrooms. She walked in and the place was trashed. The smell was so horrible that she had to shut the door and it still didn't help. When the hotel staff was notified of this problem they treated the situation as if it was our fault. Long story short after yelling and asking to speak with management we were able to be moved to another suite. Once I arrived and checked out the room everything seemed great. Large and spacious, clean and "modern" and a sound system. We were all super happy with the set-up and were excited for the weekend. That is where the "good" part of our PH stay ends. The rest of the weekend the concierge and front desk did not pick up the phone. No one was able to give us any kind of information and when we asked the concierge to make us a reservation she acted as if we just insulted her mother. Basically rude, lazy staff that has no desire to be working there and it shows. The only kind people in this hotel were the inroom service staff and the maids. Otherwise -useless people who get paid for doing nothing. Avoid this hotel and get something closer to the center of the strip. No matter the deal you can get a similar deal at another hotel and have a much nicer stay in Vegas. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid
4	This was a really nice hotel!  The rooms were nicely decorated and the suites were amazing.  The suite had a large projector screen which made Sunday Football more enjoyable to watch!The pool was nice but I did not like how we couldn't bring outside drinks near the pool (especially when it's not a pool party!!)  It's a regular pool and we're in Vegas!!
5	Clean. Modern. Comfortable. I love this place. They ran out of standard rooms so we got upgraded to a different suite. (I think they do this a lot?) if you get lucky. The rooms were spacious and the view was awesome. Everything was very high tech! You can put the window shades down with a press of a button. No more dusty, dirty, old grungy drapes. Highly recommend this place. Very affordable!
4	Nothing to complain about with PH Westgate Towers. We were in Vegas on business and had our flights moved back a day, requiring me to get a room for one night until we could check into our other hotel. We booked through one of the online discount travel sites, and paid around $100. The room was stylish and modern, fully equipped and quiet. We had a decent view, a king size bed. Check in was easy, and the front desk clerk we spoke with was polite and courteous. We also used valet and had no issues. Excellent Location, comfortable sleep, fitness room, good price, nice pool. This hotel didn't wow me by any means, but it did what it was supposed to do. If you don't want to spend a fortune on a room, but you wan the convenience of being on the strip it is an excellent choice. Bonus Points for being attached to a mall, in case you need to get anything in a hurry. Additional Bonus points for an in-room fridge and microwave, which is incredibly handy.
4	I've been slowly converted into a Las Vegas fan. My first trip with just friends to Vegas and we decided to stay at Planet Hollywood Towers. One of the things I liked off the bat was that they have a no smoking policy. Yes! The other perk was how close the place was to the Miracle Mile shops. As for rooms, we had each booked a single studio suite (two in total), but had requested to be in rooms as close to each other as possible. Since that wasn't possible, they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a two bedroom suite! Sweeeeet! The suite was full of awesome. The master bedroom had a jacuzzi and the most comfortable lounging couch. The kitchen comes fully stocked with dishes and utensils. We could've cooked a gourmet meal and eat it on the 6-person dining table too, if we had planned it earlier. The living room also had a nice view of the side of the strip and a projector screen that covers the entire side of the wall for TV viewing or drunk karaoking. Plus, we had a washing machine/dryer combo for all our laundry needs. What a deal, huh? The reason why I can't give them 5 stars: the first day, the non-master bedroom only had one towel. The following day, even after housekeeping came by, no towels were replenished for the non-master bedroom. Big disappointment. Secondly, we tried doing laundry and the door would not open; the machine had the lock on and we had to keep pressing buttons to try to unlock the door to get our laundry. Third, on their website, they advertised their two-bedroom suites as having two spa tubs with separate showers. False. Only the master bedroom had the spa tub. Other than that, I had a lovely time staying at the Towers and enjoying the convenience of having a kitchen to reheat up food and a projector with screen to watch TV with. I also saw the floorplan for a four-bedroom suite, so that's next on my Vegas hotels to hit!
1	I will NEVER stay at this hotel again. From starting with the valet the second we got there, to the absolute WORST customer service from EVERY person we came across to the non working escalators/elevators and other non working amenities in our room. The worst was the most rude, unprofessional, ignorant, amateur staff I have ever had to deal with. Here is an abbreviated list of why I will never stay her again, from the second we pulled up, to the thankful second we left this appalling place...- Valet full when we pulled up so we had to park about a mile away(but not for timeshare owners) - Escalators not working when we first walked in to go up to check in- Room was so small (not a suite), it was a basic room with a king bed...pathetic.- Bathroom was tiny! Enough room for one person to be in front of the mirror...we had 4 people- An hour wait for luggage, after we already waited an hour and a half to check in. So we went all the way down to get some of our own luggage!- Rude luggage delivery(Denmark was his name), he was throwing our luggage on the floor in our room and banging into our walls and mirror while rushing into our room- Rude concierge (her name was Elizabeth) over the phone, she couldn't answer my question with a "no" fast enough in regards to there being a Jamba Juice in the mall and after she placed me (not even asking politely for me to hold)she got back on the phone and said "yeah, you have to leave our hotel for that, its two miles away from here, okay?". The lease professional concierge I have ever spoken to. - Concierge down stairs didn't know where breakfast was served??? We asked where breakfast would be and they said "we don't have any place here that serves breakfast". After walking a few steps we saw a place with breakfast and enlightened the concierge on our way back.- Our toilet did not flush- Door did not shut all the way, had to pull hard to shut- Ice only on 5th and 50th floor!- Not all channels were working on the TV- Elevators not working, only two out of the four elevators were working at one time. We had to pass up three elevators stopping on our floor because they were too full of people. We thought about taking the stairs we were waiting for so long.  After reading a lot of other people reviews of this hotel, it seems the common problem is RUDE STAFF. It looks like everyone is having the same experience we had...a bad one. No one wants to stay there either. Too bad I didn't read all this before.
5	I read A LOT of reviews from A LOT of sites before staying here. I decided the good out weighed the bad and gave it a shot. I AM GLAD I DID!Location: 4 Stars - The middle of the strip. 7 minute walk from the strip through the mall, or 5 mins up the side block. This was something mentioned a lot. For the ladies they walk barefoot through the mall and are fine anyway. I didn't think the walk was THAT bad.Food: 4 Stars - since you're in the mall you have A LOT of different options, most of which have affordable options. You also have Spice Market Buffet, one of the best buffets in Vegas. Pool: I didn't go but it looked basic. BUT, you do have access to the Planet Hollywood pool too. 2 For the Price of 1 ain't bad.Room: We had a 1 BR suite . 5 STARS - ZERO problems. When  we needed more towels, we got them. Same for everything else. The room was amazing. Looked exactly like the rooms in the online photos. Fridge had an ice maker so no ice-issues often mentioned on here.Customer Service - 5 STARS - everyone was extremely friendly and we got everything in a timely fashion. We were even EXTREMELY loud two nights in a row and even though management came up to shhh us multiple times, they were never rude. We WERE loud. LOLPrice - 5 STARS. 1 BR amazing room on strip for about $100 a night is pretty insane. OH, And the gym was amazing too. Top of the line. Real equipment too! Upper and lower body equipment to go along with the standard treadmills and dumb bells.
4	First time I stayed at a place like this in Vegas. It was also the first time I stayed on the very top floor of a hotel (57th floor or something like that) It's similar to Palms Place in a sense that the rooms are like converted condos. Our room was incredibly spacious and had everything you could ever need.Included:Large dining table that seats 6Large L-shaped sofa bedProjector screen that takes up the whole wallwasher/dryer in one (we thought that was just an amazing appliance)Full kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, stove, etc. Hot tub in the bedroomAmazing view of the stripOnly thing I didn't like was the fact that the toilet wasn't separated from the rest of the bathroom. If someone needed to "go," everyone getting ready by the mirror/sinks had to leave. A lit portable makeup mirror would've also been helpful.Other than that, everything looked brand spankin' new. This is the perfect place for a group to stay. We had our own bottles of alcohol and if we brought our own food, we could've cooked some good hangover food.-1 star for the HORRIBLE check-in process. It LITERALLY (we kept track) took 1 hour from the time we stood in line to the time we got the keys. There was about 6 groups ahead of us and 3 employees helping people from the non-VIP line. After about 20 min, one employee left the check-in counter and it was down to 2. But I still don't understand why the average check-in time took 20+ min. Something definitely needs to change there.
4	The suites here are absolutely gorgeous!  Modern furniture, great decor.  The rooms are also very clean.  My husband and I stayed in a one bedroom suite.  The bedroom had a giant jacuzzi bathtub in it.  I think that was my favorite part of the whole room.  There were flat screen TV's everywhere, also a TV projector with a giant screen that covered the windows.  By everywhere I mean in the bedroom, in the bathroom, and in the living room.  I'm pretty sure I'm missing one more place, but I can't think of where it was.  My only problem with this room was that we had problems using the TV's.  With everything so modern I was kinda puzzled that some of remotes were so difficult to use.  We had trouble changing the channels.  Eventually it wasn't that big of a deal because of course we didn't spend much time in our room.  Overall I think this hotel is a wonderful place to stay!
4	I had a really nice stay at P.H. The staff were friendly. The bed was comfy, and the food was delish! One thing I really liked about P.H. was the vibe. They had the right lighting, awesome decor and the music they had playing was awesome. It put me in a great mood and made me want to drink, have fun, and spend money! Way to go PH!!
4	This hotel just opened so rates on rooms are good. The suite we got was on the very top floor so we had an awesome view of the strip. The room also had a projector screen that came down over the window so watching tv was an experience of its own! The room had a hot tub in one of the rooms and the decor looked like hgtv came in and decked it out. The only negative about this hotel is that the casino is on the other side of the hotel so getting there was a effin journey. the have tons of shops downstairs and alot of nice sports bars to watch the games.
4	Definitely got to get the two bedroom suite! Best there is here. Want to have a good time? This is seriously the hotel to be. It serious is in the middle of the strip.Grest atmosphere and there gambling area is dead one fun. Got spice buffet, earls sandwiches, pinks, fat tuesdays, etc.
4	We were lucky enough to land an AMAZING suite. The set up was great. Having a kitchen was nice. The views of Las Vegas were top notch. My only complaint is the distance from the car park to the check in desk. It's a bit removed from the flow of things.
4	Have a large group? Come here...For the 2BR Suite - you can fit 10 people comfortably! 20 is easy (carpeted floors, 2 pull out couches, 3 couches).Has large fridge with ice maker, stove, oven, microwave, silverware, 4 TVs, huge kitchen.All windows have automatic drapes and the main room has a projector that covers the whole screen. Watched football, and the players are life-size!Easy plug-in for ipod surround sound for the whole room.Jacuzzi in one bedroom.Downstairs has hundreds of shops, and the PH casino is not too far of a walk.So why not a 5?Internet = $10/day extra.Room service sucks - ask for towels, they won't come.Ask to clean a room during the evening - they won't come.Valet - short staffed and lack of spots during friday and saturday nights.
3	I am reallllllllllllllllllly torn about PH Towers! First off I'm going to say that our room was beautiful.  We got upgraded to the one-bedroom and the place was huge! Coolest thing: a projection screen to watch TV! We didn't do much TV watching but it was cool to put the screen down and having it on while getting ready to go out!The bad: where's the valet?  As soon as we pulled up I couldn't find anyone to help us with our luggage or where to even park! I'm used to the Vegas hospitality where the staff rarely says "no" unless it's an extreme request! My sister had to literally get out of the car, flag someone down to get a bellhop to get our stuff from the car to the hotel.  and I STILL had to park the car in self parking.. In Vegas!! I know!!Anyway, the staff did end up being nice (bell hop and concierge) and also the phenominal room with a beautiful view made up for it :)
4	PH Towers / Westgate is pretty legit!  I was really impressed with the room considering how much we got it for.  The decor inside the room is very modern.  Jacuzzi in the bedroom, very decent sound system with a wall projector, full kitchen and very spacious when 6 guys occupy the room.  One thing they can improve on is the parking.  I second guessed where we parked since its mixed with the shopping center and Planet Hollywood.  But once you know where to go, the walk to the lobby is fairly short since the structure is connected to all 3.  Park on the 3rd floor to easily access the lobby.
4	Stayed here for Jamie Y.'s 21st birthday (happy belated birthday, Jamie, woot woot!). The 2 BR suite was HUGE! It fit all ~16 of us comfortably, with 2 beds and 2 pull out couches. Also had a full sized fridge, microwaves, dishwasher stocked with cups for our pre-gaming needs. ;)
2	I have been to Vegas 9 times and will not be staying here again.  The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location (and even that is about a 20-30 minute hike THROUGH a MALL with pushy sales people) to the strip.  Anyway, we got a suite on the 20th floor.  The room kitchen area, tables, counters and bathroom were dirty.  Not impressed with how much we were spending.  Couch was weird, not comfortable.  The lights didn't work above the tub so the maintence guy came in our room and switched the light from the shower to above the tub... um thanks?  Now the shower is dark?  Akward layout, glass doors that slam shut?  Just strange, better stays for less money available.  The hotel/casio/buffet were mediocure at best.  Best Buffet: Ceaser'sBest Classic Casio: ParisBest Chill Casio: Osea's or Casino RoyalBest up in coming Casino: Aria Best Music: HRH Tower/Hard Rock  Best Beds: HRH Towers Hard Rock / Aria  Best Overall: Aria
1	Don't stay here if you care about housekeeping or customer service.Oh, the room itself is great - king studio suite with a desk, sofa, full bathroom with jacuzzi tub, and kitchenette. The price is right at about $120 per night. The location's pretty awesome, adjacent to Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, in the center of the Strip. BUT! And this is a big but!There is ONE TRASH CAN in the whole damn room, in the same room as the toilet. It is barely big enough for a few paper towels, meaning it will overflow within the hour. Housekeeping will not bring you a second trash can - and believe me, I asked 4 times.The maid will be friendly, but she WON'T BRING YOU ANY TOWELS. That's right, after 2 nights I was forced to call and ask for more towels once I realized none were coming. She won't replenish the toiletries, wipe down the bathroom counter, clean the mirrors, or really do much besides make the bed, either.When you call to request help, no one will call you back. Finally they'll call you back on your very last night and insist they haven't heard anything about housekeeping problems at all, that you're obviously crazy, and that there's nothing they can do for you. They will do their best to sound very annoyed as you explain that no one brought you towels or washed your dishes, and dismiss your complaints very quickly.So sorry Planet Hollywood but I won't be back. P.S. Your valets were super friendly and helpful, you should let them run the whole hotel.
4	Ph Towers is completely opposite from the  Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Being quite new, the rooms are great. We stayed in the Studio Suite, which has a cool little kitchen and a generous size living space. I'd say that the Studio Suite is for the minimalist. There's a lot of empty space. If the sofa was an L-shape, we could have had 2 more people in the room. Some less positive things: The bathroom shower was odd. It is brownish-red with so many tiny tiles that it just hurts looking at it. I like the floor-to-ceiling windows, but you can't adjust the lighting since there are no curtains, just a solid block of retractable window covering. Too bad if you want partial sunlight, or that nice glow of the city and moon through the room.I don't know why everyone says they have bad service. When I called about our malfunctioning coffee machine, a guy was up here within 10 minutes with another one. He even made the coffee for me!
3	Came here for my birthday weekend. Definitely get the 1 BR suite connected ti a studio suite if your more than 4. Big complaint is that the room was very disorganized and all over the place. 3 tvs and a projector? Sounds nice but kinda overkill. I would rather have it be more quality than quantity. But overall great room the 10' projector screen is worth it!
5	Best place and the best price for a big  group especially with a crowd on the bit younger side, since that is what this hotel aims towards.I personally didnt stay here but my friends did, lets say I was here at least half of my time. The two bedroom suite has a kitchen, a big living room with a draw down screen for a TV (massive) with a projector and a great place to pluf in your ipod, one bedroom has a nice bathroom, big bed and nice amazing view, small kitchen area and has its own entrance.The main bedroom has a bigger bathroom, it also has a spacious jacuzzi, the bed can fit 3 people comfortably, nice lounge and again a great view! All rooms has drawn down curtains, a TV. Agreed to the trash can thing, should have more in the room. But has a full on fridge, perfect to save some money, bring some snacks and to keep alc in. Has a microwave, a big table, oven. All the things you need!Overall, a great place, spacious, in a key spot, and you feel like you're getting your moneys worth.
1	I don't want to give this "hotel" even a 1-star rating; in fact, I'd give it a negative 10 rating or more.  I've stayed at many different hotels and resorts throughout the world and in Las Vegas, but the PH Towers by Westgate is hands down the ABSOLUTE WORST hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay at.  This place is basically a glorified-looking dump: (1) The Valet was full upon our arrival on a Friday night which I've never seen in a hotel before; you have to take a shuttle to get to self-parking.  (2) The housekeeping and hotel staff was utterly lazy and incompetent; I came with my family so we had a total of 5 booked rooms and we ALL had problems.  After unsuccessfully trying to adjust the freezing temperatures in our rooms, some of us called and asked for extra blankets; the responses we got?  "Check your closet for a spare" or "I only have one blanket in my cart so that's all we can give you." (i.e. "I don't care if you freeze to death; enjoy your stay!") If there weren't any extra blankets in our closets, they actually told one of my cousins to take the spare blanket off the sofa-bed!  I slept on the sofa bed in my room and there was only the mattress when we pulled it out; we had to ask for extra sheets and blankets.  So call me crazy but WHY IS A BLANKET STILL ON THERE FROM THE LAST GUEST?  AND he's telling her to USE IT?!  When she threatened him that if she got sick and it would his fault, and what was so damn difficult about bringing up an extra blanket, only then did their staff agree to bring one up.  When she finally received the blanket over an hour later, it had HOLES.  Another runner who finally brought one of our blankets refused to make the bed which he had messed up, lying flat-out by saying he didn't know how to; it wasn't until THREE AND A HALF HOURS LATER when we finally called the hotel manager to come to our room who said all employees are trained to make the bed, but our runner was just lazy.  And get this - he can't be fired because he's Union, so basically, the manager told us they can't do anything about it, even though he knew he'd hired crappy employees.  One of the housekeeping staff actually informed us that there was a LINE for housekeeping and so the bed wouldn't be made until our call/request was answered in the order it had been received!  TRASH: apparently the housekeeping staff doesn't believe in emptying out the ONE trashcan that is in the large-sized suites - our trash from Friday night was still in the wastebins when we checked out on Sunday.  (3)  Hotel staff frequently dialed our rooms when they meant to dial other rooms - how low must your IQ be that you don't even know what room you're dialing?  Seriously, I DO NOT recommend staying at this dump;  a third-world hostel is probably run better than PH Towers.  We booked here for the location, but should've gone with ANYWHERE else on the Strip.
4	1 BR Suite - 4 nights. I was hesitant to book a room at PH Towers after reading many conflicting reviews on Yelp and also Trip Advisor. I got a good deal directly from the hotel website for a 1 BR suite for four nights. We were located on the 20th floor looking south. The room was very large, the kitchen was perfect for storing leftovers of pre-funking for the nights out on the town. The jacuzzi tub was perfect for curing a hangover. I would definitely stay here again if the price range is around that of the Venetian/THE Hotel. I like the rooms here more, and would rather not be in the middle of a casino when leaving my room. Plus the Venetian stinks like a 60 year old lady with no sense of smell. I feel I should address some of the misconceptions that others have in their reviews. 1) Distance from hotel to casino/strip - The hotel is located on the back end of the Miracle Mile mall. There is a separate valet entrance to the tower, right near the Miracle Mile entrance. To walk from the elevators to the casino takes ~5 min. and ~8 min to the strip. If you have to bitch about a five minute walk this hotel is not for you, and probably most of Vegas would be out of your walking range. For those with rascals, no worries, you won't lose half your charge to haul your lazy ass around the buffets. 2) Maid Service - The room was made up when needed and we were asked multiple times if we needed towels while walking down the hall.  I found this to be on par with any other hotel in Vegas.  3) Garbage Cans - I read several reviews saying that there is only one small garbage can in the bathroom. For those idiots, I suggest looking underneath the kitchen sink where the majority of American households keep their waste bins.  That is where I found a large garbage can capable of taking care of all our garbage needs.
4	Vegas, with your sleek hotel options, the huge PH Tower suite that my boyfriend ended up choosing for our one night getaway was stacked with a jacuzzi in our bedroom, a kitchen w/ fridge, dishwasher, anddd cups/plates, a full living room, projector screen, 4 TV's, and even a friggin' washer/dryer in the bathroom. Oh, and who could forget the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower we got and a portrait of Marilyn Monroe hanging elegantly on the wall. Uhmmmm, I pretty much want my future condo/apartment to look as good and modern as the suite we stayed in for the evening!! Not to mention, it's definitely a legit hotel for future Vegas trips with friends cause it was surely too big of a room for the both of us! I'm obsessed with good looking hotels and though this one had everything you could think of (probably more), it actually was missing a few key items to make it absolutely the finest of fine i.e. a better sound system for the projector, a legit IPOD dock, and good customer service from the hotel staff--something PH could EASILY improve upon :/ We wanted some champagne flutes for our room and when somebody came by to drop them off, he gave us a whole rude explanation about how they usually don't do this, they normally would charge $20 for the glasses, nobody's ever asked for them before, but he knew where to find them, so we're pretty lucky that he did. WTH??? Next time I need something, I'm not even gonna ask if it's THAT complicated and you need to tell me your whole life story.PH Towers, you're kind of sketchy with no security checking the room keys before going through the elevators up to the rooms, and your lack of smiling and hospitality from your staff makes me wonder what kind of people you hire?? Room itself, I'd give it a 4 just because it's a good party hotel at a decent price, but service? There pretty much was no service. Hotel = win. Service = fail.
4	PROS:-Beautiful rooms-Washer/dryer in room- full sized kitchen & dishes (so if you bring pots and pans you have a fully functional cooking kitchen)-jacuzzi tub for 2. -QUIET-no smoking on the entire grounds of the resort-TVs everywhere (including in the bathroom? lol)-rainfall style shower, so luxurious-lots of closet space & dresser drawer space-amazing views-express elevator-attached to the miracle mile shops !!!-great happy hour at the lobby bar-very friendly staff at check-in/check-outCONS:-no free wifi, and wifi access is VERY EXPENSIVE ($9.95 for 1 day, $19.95 for 3 days)-even if you buy the wifi, the signal wasn't very strong in our room (only about half strength-- would not have been worth it to purchase internet access)-tub takes a long time to drain and drains very loudly (still totally worth it)Would love to come back here sometime. Boyfriend and I enjoyed ourselves very much!!!!!!!
4	A lot of people always say the hotel room shouldn't matter since you're not gonna be there half the time anyway.  To those that believe that, stay at a place like the Sahara and then try to say that again.My friends and I stayed in one bedroom suites here at the towers and I gotta say that I really liked it.  Full on kitchen with fridge to get ice and water from, saving you from having to buy water or go onto another floor to use an ice machine.  Projector wall that gave us a good opportunity to watch some football before checkout.  Also, I can't forget the nice jacuzzi.  I was so relaxed and drunk that I apparently fell asleep in it.  Good times.These suites are really good for groups.  I would definitely like to stay here again.
4	Stayed in a one bedroom king suite in early December for a girl's trip.  Loved the room!  We arrived early afternoon on a Friday.  Short walk from the entrance to the front desk and elevators...SCORE!!  Room is oversized and comfortable, huge couch pulls out to queen size bed, projection tv + flatscreens in each room of the suite (highly recommend the Paladium channel on the projection - and every other flatscreen in the room to get the party started), bathroom is nice, includes washer/dryer, full kitchen, jacuzzi tub in the master bedroom, plenty of storage and counter space to keep suitcases and personal belongings out of the way.   Since we were waiting for others to arrive, we ordered food from a local pizzeria that delivers to the room in the hotel.  I can't remember the name, but the menu was in the kitchen drawer.  We over-ordered knowing we would have leftovers for the late night (or was it early morning?) munchies.  The full size fridge had ample storage space.  Went down to the gift shop to purchase some adult libations for the room.  WOAHHHH!  Way over-priced!  Detoured to the ABC store in the Miracle Mile shops (5 min. walk) and found what we needed for about half the price of the hotel gift shop.  On the way back, I was accosted by a concierge type of girl who asked if I'd like to attend Stripper 101.  I wasn't sure whether to be flattered or offended.  I was feeling good, so I went with flattered.  I did not take her up on her offer.  We had bigger fish to fry.  So, why only 4 stars you ask? 1)  Toilet room is more like a booth....no privacy with the frosted glass swinging door.  Toilet required multiple flushes every time.2)  On our first night, security showed up when we were in bed to say there was too much noise.  Ummmm, we are in bed.  What noise?  Ok, so anyway maybe they were tardy to the party that might have been going on earlier.  3) AT&T phone service is spotty at best.  Plan on sitting in the window if you need to make a phone call. But the pluses far outweigh the minor inconvenince of the minuses.  The towers are convenient to everything in the hotel.....5-8 min walk to get to shops, restaurants, casino, etc.  And to comment on other posts, we had no problem with housekeeping coming when we needed them.  As owners, housekeeping only comes every couple of days unless you call.  We called on Day 2 for extra towels.  The guy showed up with more towels, dishwasher detergent, laundry detergent, coffee, all of the toiletries, extra pillows, blankets, and emptied all of the trash cans.  Yes, there is more than one in the room.  Finally, my favorite convenience of all - no line at the valet the entire weekend.  December can be cold, so this was much appreciated.    I will definitely stay here again.  Already plotting my next Vegas takedown!!
4	After the hotel side messed up my reservation without 2 beds in the room and 2 hours later, they decided to move us to the timeshare side (Towers) which is still pretty new.  We were placed on the 58th floor and all I have to say is that it's NICE.  Relaxing and very "airy" feel even for a "studio" sized unit.  The bathroom was clean and of higher end quality materials (which could be seen throughout). I won't ever stay on the hotel side again after all the hassle that I had but the Towers...that's a different story!  Who knows after a few years what it will look like when it gets a bit run down.  So stay there now if you can. The big plus is that the rooms and floors do NOT smell like smoke, which is nice.
2	Was not happy with the room.Before we arrived I called to confirm type of room and amenities. But when I arrived it was not what I was told. Customer service was not great, not my favorite place.
4	No casino = smoke free = WIN! Easy access to the parking garage. Seriously took about 1 min from hotel lobby to car door! The pool was nice and we had 2 comped drinks. The room was pretty cool. We stayed in a King Studio suite. Modern chic with a hollywood flare. The bed wasn't the most comfortable, but it was okay. Only thing missing was the corkscrew which they sent right up at our request! The minifridge wasnt that cold, so I had to get ice. They only have 2 icemakers for guests. One was on 5 and the other on 55. Pretty lame! Overall, the hotel was cool, reasonably priced, but since the lobby was always empty and there isnt a casino, it doesnt really feel like Vegas until you venture out. I guess that can be a good or bad thing.
4	Upon arrival I walked right up to the desk for check in there was no wait and the lobby was pretty much empty. Check in was going great until the guy handed me my key and told me my room number 615. At first I didn't realize what he said so I asked again and he said 615. I asked him how is 615 a high floor when the building has 58 floors. He replied that the other floors where for owners and the other floors were going thru renovations. I once again asked him if there were any other floors higher than the 6th he said no. I also brought up the reservations that I called in and the email that I received after the phone call showing the rooms I had reserved. My reservation showed that I would have a fountain view and a poolside view he replied back that I could not reserve specific rooms without being an owner I was only allowed to get what they had when I showed up. But after a 20 min wait so the clerk could talk with the manager I was given a two bed room suite (The exact same room I requested). Once I got up to the room I forgot about everything that went on downstairs the view was so nice from the 51st floor we were glued to the windows in the elevator lobby. We haven't even gotten to the room views yet. The rooms overlooked the mountains, the pool, The MGM, Luxor, Excalibur, MGM Signature, and the Mirage. At night the view was awesome from the bed even the toilet had a nice view. There was a full sized kitchen along with a full sized dinning table a projector and flat screen tvs in every room even the bathrooms had flat screens. The master bedroom had a walk in shower with a seat also a full sized whirlpool tub. The bed slept nicely and house keeping came by everyday for service to bring new towels and to vacuum and wash the few dishes that we did make. All in all I will be staying here again and hopefully next time I'll have a faster check in and won't get a cold.
3	A couple of things I love about this place:1. Dreamy bed, topped with dreamy comforter! I have backpain almost daily and I woke up at this hotel feeling relaxed with no pain. Wow!2. Proximity of the hotel lobby to the parking lot.3. Stylish, casino-free lobby.On the other hand, what I dislike about this place:1. Only 1 roll of toilet paper in the bathroom. Really??2. They use the cheapest, worst quality, roughest kind of toilet paper ever. I'm bringing my own rolls of TP if I ever go back to this hotel.3. Paid wireless, not only per room, but also per device!! Now that's nickel & diming customers! It's a total rip off!4. Weak shower water pressure.
4	I didn't stay here, but was dropping off my best friend and went with her to check in.We arrived at almost 11pm on Thursday night.  This was the week of CES and the Adult Entertainment Convention.  So when we got there, the front desk women said they had overbooked, and that she needed to speak with her manager to see what could be done.We waited a couple of minutes, she returned and said that they went ahead and upgraded her.  Her upgraded suite was amazing.  Full kitchen, dining room, jacuzzi tub, washer/dryer, projector, and an amazing view of the strip. She and I were both really impressed.  Had they flinched when upgrading her, or made a stink about it... this rating would be one star, but since they did the right thing... Good for them!
3	Got an awesome deal to stay here for the weekend, so me and 5 others got a 2 bedroom suite.  The suite was awesome - SUPER comfy for 6 people and with a full kitchen and 2 bathrooms it is PERFECT as a party/pre-party spot.  I really liked the decor too - really modern and cool.  The guys in our group particularly LOVED the projector screen to watch TV on....it is literally the entire wall of the living room.  They watched football all weekend.  To get to the main PH casino you have to walk through the miracle mile shops.  That wasn't too bad except for when you're wearing 5 inch heels...then it sorta feels long. haha.  My biggest complaint was the service.  When we arrived to check in, there was a full line, but ONE front desk person.  Are you kidding me?!?! Finally like 15-20 min into waiting 4 other people showed up out of no where.  Nice.  Please send your entire front desk staff on a break at the same time...sounds like a good way to manage a huge hotel.  We also never had our room cleaned the entire weekend.  They knocked on our door at 8:30 or 9am on Saturday (who does that in Vegas?!?!) asking if they could clean.  We were all still laying around so we said later.  They called back later and we asked them to come.  No one ever came.  I'm sure it was a miscommunication - but by Sunday the place was pretty dirty.  Regardless - I would stay here again.  The room itself was great - super spacious, new furniture, projector screen....awesome.  I just hope they up the level of customer service next time.
4	The only thing that I wished I had was fresh air but other than that. This was the perfect condo for the weekend.Master bed was fluffier than the other king size bed that I personally tested by running and diving on but overall, it was still grand. The tub was awesome to have. Restroom with washer/dryer. Kitchen was missing an oven, we brough tri tip to cook up and it worked out on the stove but still... I guess electric everything is okay.Pool with cabana... near and dear. Miricle Mile on the way to the casino was a pleaser for me!!! A pleasure.
4	Stayed here on one of my monthly Vegas trips. It was pretty nice. The suite was very well designed and I really liked the motorized projector welcoming you into your room with your name on the screen, great touch.  I enjoyed my stay here but I definitely still prefer Palms Place.
3	I've stayed here on business twice now and had a decent experience both times. The first time I had a standard room and the second, a suite with a kitchen and living room. Bother were nice but I found that the first time I had stayed there the maids didnt seem to care about the cleanliness of the hallways, etc. The place was pretty dirty minus the rooms. During this most recent stay I had a great room, great view and everything seemed to be much improved from the first visit. I did however have an issue with the hot water on the first morning. I needed to be up and out early and took a shower around 630am but there was no hot water...only luke warm.  Not sure if this was because everyone else was trying to shower or what but it was an unpleasant morning. There are some drawbacks about staying here. If you want to eat, etc you have to walk through the mall and in to Planet Hollywood. It gets to be a bit much after a while. Also, if you are in a rush a need a cab right away you might not get one in the cab line at the Towers because cabs only come down there if they are dropping someone off...you're better off hiking over to PH and getting in their cab line.
4	Stayed here in January with a group of girls. Upon arrival, we instantly loved the modern, Hollywood ambiance of the entire hotel. it was very chic. While checking in, we were lucky to get a free upgrade from a studio to a bedroom suite. In one room,  there was a king sized bed with a jacuzzi. In the other room, there was a pull out sofa, sink area and fridge. Each room had a flat screen and an amazing view of the strip. Location was great, in that it is near the miracle shopping area and there was a bar conveniently downstairs. Also, customer service was very quick. The only downfall was there lacked lighting in the hotel room and to get anywhere, you had to walk through the mall area. Overall, Westgate was a great place to stay at. I really recommend people to stay here. It was a fun and exciting experience here.
5	Kick ass.  I have been to Las Vegas a lot of times.  I tend to stay in the moderately priced places, cause hey, I want to spend my money on booze.  And Las Vegas isn't the cheapest place to drink.  However, we were going with a total of 7 people.  And I didn't want to share two joining rooms at the Circus Circus.  So we found the Planet Hollywood Towers.  This two room suite was one of the best I have stayed at.  It was very modern, featured a full size kitchen along with two bathrooms.  The other room had a small kitchenette.  Besides the great floor to ceiling windows, this suite had a projection screen tv with a screen that came out of the ceiling and to the floor near the windows.  It was unbelievable.  You also cannot beat the location, right on Las Vegas Boulevard and across from CityCenter.  I rarely give 5 stars, but this is the place to stay and party when you are in Las Vegas.
4	Stayed here on our last Vegas Trip. The rooms was really sweet. It was Marilyn Monroe themed, and perfect for a girls Vegas trip! We had a KING SIZE BED, JACUZZI, CUTE RED COUCHES, Lot's of MIRRORS, DINING TABLE, FRIDGE, and a little runway for dancing on the table) It was fun!! I'd stay here again, but the bad thing was I couldn't get any kind of cellphone service when I stayed there. I wonder if PH towers got funk with AT&T. Other than that, I definitely would stay here again! =)
4	I liked Staying here. Stayed here 2/1/11-2/4/11.  The decor was nice. ( I wanted to steal the big red L-shaped couch if I could get it home ;D ) We had a projector TV plus one in the living room, one in the junior suite ( attached by door) one in the bedroom plus one above the six-seater dining table (bar style.) and a small one in the large suite bathroom.The bathroom of the larger suite had a 2-in-1 washer and dryer. Walk-in modern glass tile shower. a separate large water closet.  AND A JACUZZI TUB!! (Note: takes strength to turn it on, press down on the switch on the back of the spout hard.It also takes a while to fill up.)We had screens that were programmed with a button and the one in the living room turned into the screen for the projector. There was a nice kitchen with a stove top, microwave, coffee maker, granite counters (in bathrooms too)  The beds were pretty comfy and they had pillows-a-plenty! (about six total) Never tried the room service, wish I did, because I like to review that too.PLENTY of outlets for all your electronics. overall I would recommend but here are some minor cons IMO:-Lobby was on the second floor-Time-share bitches bothering you right when you get off the escalator into the lobby( please get rid of this!!!) -my dresser had some chips in the corner. (strange for such a new hotel) -I couldn't get the air-conditioner to turn off, even when I turned on the heater-had to walk through the mall to get to the casino which its a short walk but its full of kiosks full of peddlers that won't take no for an answer and It pisses me off so much!-one of the elevators was fixed with painters tape (again, isn't this a new hotel?)-no heat lamps by the taxi line ( even excalibur has this and they are ghetto,wtf HP towers?)But like I said, fairly minor, but, overall a good experience.
3	this place is aiight, nothing special.my fiancee and i got two nights stay through hautelook; we paid $260-something for a 12th floor room, view of the parking structure, one king size bed and a faulty shower that blasted cold/room temp water.  (which they fixed but it also took about 1.5 hours out of our morning..)the entrance sucks if you have a car.  you can't make an immediate left turn into the valet entrance off one of the major streets so you have to make a left then a u-turn to come around.the other annoying thing is the valet is always full. ALWAYS.  unless you park the car at like 4 pm.  we had to self park 95% of the time.pluses:- staff and service was pretty good- it's a no smoking hotelminuses:- everyone smokes right in front of the hotel entrance from the parking structure so you get to walk through that each time.  lovely.- the room service lady was rude
2	I was really disappointed by the PH Suites.It's kind of like Ikea furniture -- looks nice from afar, but come close & everything starts to fall apart.. 1) There was not  a single mirror in our room aside from the one in the bathroom - no full length mirror at all!!! Ladies & Gentlemen, this is a problem!2) Several of our dishes were dirty with caked up food/lipstick stain3) The mini fridge door would have to be lifted in order to shut4) The leather couch had white stains from I dont want to know what5) The maintenance forgot to stock the coffeeWhen checking out, I mentioned a few of these things to the staff & instead of recieving an apology, I was told that the Suites don't come with mirrors...okay?!I have stayed at the Trump for the same rate in the SUMMER time (busier) and the room was 2x as big, 3x more luxurious, and had courteous staff!
4	Our wknd suite was the bomb like dot com!  We had 6 girls posted in 2 large rooms over Pro Bowl wknd.  First, the staff let us check in @ 11:30AM for free, when we explained that we traveled from HI on a red eye for our sister's b-party.  Then she moved us from the 6th floor to the 24th, which we didn't care about but when we arrived & saw our floor to ceiling windows, we appreciated the view.  The 'shades' were automated & both guest suite & the living room in btwn had projectors.  The master bdrm had a jacuzzi and plenty of space for me to spread out w/the bride to be.  Our kitchen had modern appliances with an island that doubled as a kitchen table, where we were all able to sit comfortably for pre-bridal shower activities before our official b-party @ Tao.  Another awesome feature is the 'Anything/Anytime' speed dial button.  Literally, you can anything you need @ anytime (within reason).  Most of us had been to Vegas before so we didn't care too much about staying directly on the strip.  In fact, we didn't walk the strip @ all that wknd but were close enough that it wouldn't have been an issue.  Plus, we were literally in the center of the strip and there was a huge mall downstairs for plenty of shopping.  Initially, I lobbied for stayin @ my top 4--Venetian, Bellagio, Mandalay or Wynn but this location was PERFECT for our trip.  I'd definitely consider stayin there again.
4	Really cool place with a fun and contemporary feel. If ur not into beaux artes and want to have fun, this ia a great place. The service was so so- I had a couple of problems.Upgrade to a 1 or 2 br it's worth it!
4	Our weekend suite was BOMB.COM!! i MEAN SERIOUSLY!!! We had 2 suite rooms adjacent to each other and it was a LOVELY time!!!1) The amenities in the room were great!!! The projector screen that we watched the RUGBY tournament games on was amazing!! The speaker for music was great and the kitchen appliances were great!!2) The location of the towers was great as well. Smack in the middle and was easy to access the strip. 3) The furniture/decor was very modern and sheik. I like the color schemes as well. Black/Reds/White... and the CARPET was so cool... I liked it anyways.I took away a star because of the shower & the cleaning service. I mean seriously we had to leave the room for the lady to clean our room and ummm she #FAILED. I mean she didn't take the trash out and she didn't leave us any toilet paper. We had to call for them to come get the trash and bring up toilet paper when the damn lady JUST cleaned the damn room.  But other then that I think for what we paid for and the amount of people we had it was a great time!!! I would stay there again but I would ask them to put us higher for a better view other then the damn parking lot and a peek-a-boo to the Eiffel tower and ceasar palace! :)Thanks PH Towers for a great time tho!! :)
4	I have to give it to these casinos in Vegas, they really try hard with their additional towers to ensure that you have a much better time than what you may have experienced prior in the casino itself.The Towers are significantly nicer than the planet hollywood rooms, probably because it's recent, it's newer, they have suites galore and the beds are NEW. I never really understood the difference until getting on a bed that was literally brand new. I've been to plenty of just opened hotels but often a few months after the fact and it was good but ... wow NEW MATTRESS!The amenities are great, the towels are awesome, probably because they're new, and it's a nice departure from the smokey casino of the strip because this place smells fantastic. They often do early check in since I drive to Vegas and try to get there early, so that's always a nice perk.
3	4.5 for really nice rooms but 1.5 on the service. Scored a 1 BR suite that had a living room AND a screen that came down that also turned into a projector for the tv. Sweet set up for the kitchen as well. Makes sense since these were condos that didn't sell and got converted into hotel rooms. Here's the downside: the service SUCKS. The funny thing is, this room was comped because the first time my boyfriend stayed here and got such horrible service that they comped our room this time (hey, you can't turn down a free room). This time, they didn't clean our room. We got back to our room around 5PM, saw house keepers outside and assumed they'd clean our room. When they didn't (and left!), we called customer service who said they would send someone to clean our room. We leave and come back around 1AM and our  room hasn't been touched at all. We call down to customer service and they said that our room got a note that said we "refused service". What the hell? Finally they send someone up after 20 minutes (poor lady) and we don't get back to our room until 2AM. That's pretty crappy way to end the night, especially if you've been out all day. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal but cmon when most people stay at a hotel, they aren't expecting much. In fact, the only thing you expect is for them to clean your room. That's it. If you can't even do that, that's pretty much a fail in my book. So, like I said, really sweet rooms but man, no wonder all the ratings gave it such crappy ratings--service sucks! C'mon PH Towers, you gotta know that customer service is HUGE.
2	We won't stay here again.To be fair, when we arrived, things looked promising.  The gentleman at the front desk was friendly and helpful and put us on the 55th floor, which had a great view.  When we walked into the room, the window shades somehow knew we were there and raised on their own.  I thought that was pretty cool and was in the mood to like this place.  The room had a really nice look.But then we tried to go to bed.  First, they don't have comfy hotel beds.  The beds were as hard as rocks.  And the pillows are so cheap and uncomfortable, my neck was actually sore the next day.  Bed = a cheap roadside motel. I called housekeeping to see if they had another pillow option (which it said they did in their little guide) and was told that they did not have anything else.  She kind of snapped the answer without checking, so I'm guessing she gets this a lot. But the real problem was the thin walls.  I've never stayed in a hotel with such crappy construction.  Did they not realize that in Vegas, some people might want to party and other people might want to relax?  The first night, we heard squealing girls through the connecting door and just decided we should try to stay out late enough and hope they were passed out when we got home.  But the second night, we were tired, my guy wasn't feeling well, and we decided to go to bed early so we could hit the outlets early the next day.  But the frat party on the other side of us would not let that happen.  I called security SIX times and the front desk twice.  You would not believe this Mickey Mouse operation.  Wilson from security kept making excuses about how they couldn't FIND the party and it must not be that loud and we'd need to get up and get dressed and let the security guard into OUR room so they could see if it was really that loud.  When I got his supervisor, Mark, on the line and he heard the party THROUGH THE PHONE, he promised to take care of it.  Perhaps an hour later, I called again and was told they'd have to warn the party TWICE more before they'd clear the room.  Then I spoke to the night manager of the hotel, Greg, and he was totally incompetent.  He didn't offer to move us to a different room or give us a later checkout time or anything.  When I said we'd been calling over and over for two hours, he said that the hotel policy is that people are allowed to be as loud as they want in their rooms until midnight and he "wasn't going to compensate us."Also, be aware that the valet will almost certainly be "full" and even as hotel guests, you'll have to self-park far away.  This was their policy all weekend and I have to say I've never encountered that at any other hotel in Vegas--they always have room for their guest's cars. Apparently they only provide valet service to owners of the condos.  Maybe they're hoping that will make you want to buy one of their poorly-constructed condos.  And be forewarned, every time you walk through the lobby, you WILL be assaulted by insane condo salesmen.  These people are desperately trying to get you to book a tour and  I'm not at all surprised they're having such trouble moving these things.  The only people I can imagine actually wanting to own here are the frat boys who were staying in Room 5506.
4	WOoooooo-Hooooooo!!Pretty cool spot.  Loved our room, it was HUGE!!  The bed was super comfortable.  The bathroom was HUGE!!  The shower was HUGE!! This was a HUGE getaway for me considering I'm going through some HUGE changes . . . best thing about this place was that our bill at then end was NOT HUGE!!
4	We only came here to setup for a friends bday party.  It was a pretty huge room compared to all the others I've stayed in.  They had 2 rooms that were connected to a living room with a huge projector screen to watch tv on.  Also had it's own little kitchen.  To me this place was huge.  Nice view, awesome room, fun party.  Not much to say about the service since we didn't order any room service or anything.  I just enjoyed the room and chilled.  Seems like a place where I could just hang out all day and relax.
5	Everything about this place was wonderful. It wasn't too fancy and wasn't trashy haha it was just right. The room was soo cute and modern. The location of the hotel was perfect because it was in the middle of everything so we never had to travel long. Waiting for a cab never a problem either. It was perfect. The bed was comfy and the room was spacious to dance around. This is probably my go to hotel from now on.
5	Stayed here recently and it was excellent!Got upgraded to a corner suite with 2Bed/2Bath. Double doors for the entrance, full kitchen w/full sized fridge, dining table, couch, washer/dryer combo machine. TVs in every room, and a ginormous projector. Automatic blinds in every room. It was nice not having to walk out in the hallway for some ice.Everything was pretty new and the beds were new and cushy. There were a few areas where I could tell they either expedited or didn't care to finish. Didn't take away from the coolness factor though. My buddies checked in so I can't comment on the services, but based on room alone, it was great and comfy.
4	Wow. We got set up with a beautiful room with all the works. Projector, LCD's, 2 king sized beds that only look small because there's a crapload of pillows on it, a full kitchen, washer/dryer combo, plus a bathroom with a jacuzzi and a TV in it. Perfect!So why only 4 stars? We tried to check in early, but understandably were told the room wasn't ready yet. Come back in 2 hours. So we did. Still not ready, and the concierge who helped us originally was not there. At least the new concierge was nice and was willing to upgrade us if we were willing to wait another 2 hours. Fine. Came back after another 2 hours, but still had to wait another 30-45 minutes before we could finally get into our rooms. It was already close to 5pm (I think normal check in time is 3pm, so there really isn't any excuse with us being early anymore), and we had reservations for dinner at 7pm. So that forced us to rush, deprived me of a much-needed nap in the room before the night ahead, and yeah, that's why 1 less star.The room itself was 5 Star worthy, but the service runaround knocks the rating down a peg.
3	Can't really say much on this review as we did a walk through only to get to the Spice Market Buffet.The walkways in the casino are big but it gets crowded just trying to walk through it. Gambling areas are crowded as well as everything is really close to each other.It looks like a really nice place to stay at as it's clean and doesn't smell too much like cigarette smoke.
1	I actually liked the location of the hotel and the room was huge and pretty nice. But the room is pretty dirty compared to other hotels with the same rating. The pool is kind of in an awkward location because people from the lobby and the mall can see you, which to me is pretty strange and a bad layout. I would have recommended this place because I thought it was pretty decent hotel for the size, location, and price, BUT we were billed for smoking in the room when NO ONE smoked in the room. Only one person staying in the room smoked, and he were aware that it was a non-smoking facility and knew that we would be billed if he smoked in the room, and, therefore, he didn't. But I guess he threw away his empty pack of cigarettes in the room and they considered it smoking in the room. We tried to contest the charge, but they kept telling us that they had evidence but would not disclose what evidence it was. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!! Spend some more and stay at the Venetian or another hotel, this place isn't worth it!
3	Nice place could be better
4	On my last trip to Vegas i went with a bunch of my friends and decided to stay at Planet Hollywood Towers. I heard great reviews from family members so I thought it was time to check it out. I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas from Trump to Encore to Palazzo and I would have to say that PH Towers rooms were on the same level as these other hotels(I did have a 2 bedroom penthouse suite so that could be the reason). The room was very nicely set up. A flat screen TV and a projector TV that covers the whole window in the living room. The room is controlled by the remote also. The master bedroom had a nice open view of the strip. This was the largest best view i have ever seen.The furniture was nice and hip also. What i didn't like about the hotel was the service. Compared to the other hotels i stayed in this hotel's service was the worst. The parking sucked. I couldn't find a close parking spot or even the parking for the PH Towers so i had to park in the Miracle Mile Parking structure. i tried to valet the next day but the valet guy told me that the valet was full. I learned the next day from my sister that the man was lying and he was just being lazy. The next day when i tried to valet the same guy tells me that it was full. I drive around and come back to the valet and tell him that i can't find any parking. After all of this is said and done he states that he can valet it (but i thought the valet was full)... The first night arriving we also get a noise complaint. The problem with this was we were only talking. How do you get a noise complaint staying in a Vegas hotel for only talking??? We were in a penthouse suite, of course there wasn't only going to be 2 people in the room and its Vegas so of course we weren't going to be in bed at 12am. Besides those two things the hotel was pretty nice
4	My brother is a owner and I went with him to check in and wanted to give kudos to the lady helping with his rooms, Jolie. He asked them to please have a room clean and ready to check in when he booked his stay. It wasn't when they got there. Yes, it's spring break, it's St. Patty weekend, and March Madness so most places are probably backed up, but c'mon someone booked it with a specific request and called to make sure it will be followed through. Jolie helped make it happen that my family can get to their rooms as soon as possible.The guy my brother booked with, Charlie, came up to the room moments after we got there to make sure it's up to snuff and apologized the room wasn't ready.  It wasn't the best of impressions on clean up crew and bellhops were apparently short staffed on a busy weekend, but at least the front desk tried their best.
5	i don't know why a group of 20 somethings would ever stay anywhere else! If youre the average 24 year old like myself THIS is the place to be. If youre like me, you probably travel in a big group (over 6).If youre like me, you have money, but not vasts amounts that can be thrown around for a weekend trip to vegas that you do 4 times a year with your friends. If youre like me, you tell yourself "oh the room doesn't matter, we're barley in it anyway." But then get annoyed at sharing the two queen beds, luggage everywhere. And one small bathroom.Ph towers solves all these problems.Last time we went, we had the one bedroom king suite. You get a full kitchen (with utensils and plates and everything), a dining table, a living room, a bedroom, and a huge bathroom. There were 6 of us, and we all fit comfortably. 3 on the king bed, 2 on the pull out from the couch. And one on the part of the couch that wasn't a pull out.We all had room for our luggage.And the bathroom was set up so someone could be taking a shower, another taking a shit, another brushing their teeth, and another straightening their hair, without being in each others way.The size of the room makes pre partying even better/more comfortable.We saved a bunch of money by going to the grocery store and getting things like bagels, and sandwich stuff so we wouldn't keep spending money on food, and focus on more important things like booze.And its right in the middle of the strip (unlike palms place which is the same set up (slightly bigger), and more expensive).And its just amazingly cheap for what you get!Plus it helps that it looks really nice, its brand new, you have a legit Jacuzzi, a bunch of tvs that you'll never use, a projector and all that good ish.The only down side (if you call it one) is that there is no casino and not very busy, but you can go to planet Hollywood and get that if you want.If I had a considerable amount of money, and was traveling with a smaller group, id probably prefer to go to the "nicer" hotels. But for now, this is as good as it gets. You pay barely anything (it was 250 a night (over the weekend!) when we went), you feel like a baller (since youre in a large suite), and it's the best deal you can get.
5	This Hotel is gorgeous! I stayed here for my 21st Birthday weekend and had a blast. I definitely think it's better to go with the One Bedroom suite because you get this awesome jetted tub in the bedroom! The window shade comes down and you are able to turn the TV into a projection screen. Which is great for sports! The full kitchen was also amazing. I love being able to warm up my leftovers from a delicious Vegas restaurant. It also gives it a more homey vibe. The downside? No smoking = ( That's the only thing that I wish was different. The pool is beautiful and relaxing. It's not as crowded as some of the other hotels, which is a good thing. The prices of the rooms are pretty good too. Especially for the location. To stay in a Planet Hollywood Deluxe Room is almost the same price and you get so much more!
4	Overall: 4Room: 3.5Service: 4Stayed in a two-bedroom suite.  Rooms were large and spacious and well furnished. Beds were comfortable and came with more than enough pillows.Suite had a full fridge and tv projector.  Adjoining bedroom had a mini fridge.  Wall mounted TVs everywhere (both bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, common area).Only complaint was the tv audio.  Audio came from two small speakers that were under-powered and one was broken.  Huge (covered the entire all) projection screen but no surround sound? Definitely takes away from the experience.We called about the broken speaker and within 10 min someone was at our door to check it out.  Sadly they didn't have the parts to fix it.Overall a nice place to stay.  Front desk service was quick (audio repair, extra towels) and courteous.
4	It's the simple things in life that make me happy: a jacuzzi next to the bed, my name on an HD projector screen welcoming me to my room, a flat screen in every room. We got a great deal on a fabulous suite and I couldn't be happier.One wish: the rooms were closer to hot spots on the strip.
5	"Ew! Alan, did you just eat sofa pizza?"-Stu PriceVegas specific ratings (1 or 5 stars... nothing in between... its Vegas baby)Yea... pretty much that quote says it all...  The room was pretty awesome... Came with everything you need (Soft Beds, Full Fridge with Ice Crusher!, Couches, pull out beds, huge projector screen, jacuzzi, seperate toilet/shower, zebra striped stripper lounger, etc) and a bunch of stuff you don't but cool to have (dishwasher, microwave, wet/dry laundy machine, family table, zebra striped stripper lounger, etc)... Although I do have to give props to the kitchen appliances that we didnt use... All GE and even has the same microwave that I do at home (need an engineering degree to operate)...The room was a great place to do some R&R after massive drinking battles on the strip and at sport books... you can make it extremely dark so you can charge up during the day to do some nocturnal damage to your liver...Everything was modern and had a cool feeling to it... nice paints of Marilyn Monroe and stuff on the wall... plenty of mirrors for the lady friends...  Lobby was nice and is connected to the miracle mile shops, complete with a strategically placed Fat Tuesday... horrible... but so necessary... so horribly necessary...pool looked nice... would have looked better with my finely chiseled body slicing through it (im actually fat and hairy... but working on it... one Fat Tuesday at a time)... but it was closed... boo... o well... I will see it soon enough...So... Good place to stay: 5-StarPS... one of the guys ate day old table pizza... they deliver to your room!
4	The Westgate Towers are awesome! My friends stayed in one of the suites and it was very nice. You could live comfortably here.Decor of the Hotel:Very modern and clean. As you come to check in, it looks like a nice LA club and lounge. All they needed was some bumpin music and I would've got my rage on in the lobby. The lounging area is very comfortable and there is a glass wall in which you have a view of the pool area. Suites:1) fully-furnished kitchen2) living room with several couches with a pull-out bed.3) View of the strip4) Remote Controlled projection screen that doubles as a curtain to block the sun.5) Jacuzzi right next to the bedroomService:The staff were excellent in taking care of our requests. Hooked it up when something was wrong such as the jacuzzi not functioning.Pool:Nice pool area, but there's only one. This attracts a younger crowd.Casino:No casino. You would have to go to the main hotel gamble..Parking:Share a parking lot with the miracle mile shopping area. It's a little bit of a  walk. You can always valet. It's only one floor below the front desk check-in.
3	the good: big spacious rooms, hotel is beautiful.the bad: it's a little of a walk from the stripthe ugly: shitty shit check in and all around horrible service from front desk/hotel employeesThis place is new but it is falling apart. It looks amazing when you first walk in. 2 giant rooms, a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, projector tv. This place looks like a good time, until you try to have one. Doors won't close anymore. Sinks wont drain. Washer and dryer thing won't open- locking your clothes in, no extra blankets, no blankets in general, tv won't work, where is the remote? SHIT like this happened the whole effing time. It's like what else will happen on my 2 day stay in this room?The good thing about vegas is that you can drink your sorrows away about your expensive as shit room that is broken. SO will I be staying here again- probably not. Will I tell me friends to stay here- nope. I did like the fridge and microwave. The beds were comfy comfy despite zero blankets. and the window shades were pretty freakin fabulous- especially if you're sleepin in late.
4	We checked in very late because problems with our flights and because it was late, there were rooms available for upgrade and we got the one bedroom suite for $110/night only.  It comes with its jacuzzi!  The room very cleaned and chic, if I could score a deal like that again I'm definitely coming back.
2	SLOWEST FRONT DESK EMPLOYEES EVER! This hotel has a loooooooong front desk area with over a dozen stations but they only have 2-3 employees working at any given time. Even if there are only 2 people in front of you in line, it will take 15 minutes to get to the front. It's so annoying. CHEAP KEY CARDS THAT GET DEMAGNETIZED EVERY DAY The elevator is super-slow. It seemed like every time I finally went up the elevator to my room, my key was demagnetized and I had to go back down to reception to get it fixed. And since I already explained how slow the employees are, you can imagine what a big hassle that was. LOW WATER PRESSURE The rainfall shower-head is nice but there's not enough water pressure. It reminded me of hotels in China. TERRIBLE SHAMPOO BOTTLE DESIGN I know, this is a minor complaint. The shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and lotion come in a tall skinny plastic bottle with a tops that "click" into place. I couldn't even open the conditioner so my hair went unconditioned for two days (gasp!). I was able to get the lotion bottle open but when I put it down on the counter without the top, lotion splattered everywhere. It looked disgusting. PHONE CALLS COST $13.55 EACH My friend has AT&T, which has no signal inside the hotel. We were meeting up with another friend (also a paying customer of the hotel) and we had to call him using the land line. It cost $13.55 PER CALL and she made 2 calls, each lasting about 60 seconds. When we checked out, the girl at the front desk said that "someone told you the cost of the calls when you checked in." Um, NO! I checked in and no one said anything to me. NO ROOMS WITH 2 BEDS I was staying in a room with my friend (another girl) and it would've been convenient to have a room with 2 beds. But nope, all rooms at PH Towers have 1 bed and 1 pullout couch. With the pullout couch open, I could barely walk around the tiny room. ROOMS UNPREPARED Since we were utilizing the pullout couch, we needed sheets for the couch. Housekeeping said that it should've been in our closet but there were no sheets to be found. When I wanted to watch TV, I realized that the room didn't have a remote. I had accidentally left my toothbrush at home and I asked them to bring a toothbrush but apparently, the hotel doesn't have toothbrushes?!?! I know, I complain a lot. But the good thing to say is that my friend bid on Priceline and got the room for $100 per night.
3	Very, very nice hotel.  I am only giving this three stars because I believe that for Vegas, this is only average.  But, it is very new and classy in style.  I've had more comfy beds.  There is dishes, a dishwasher, a mic, and a fridge.  I would definitely stay here again.
4	The PH Towers are officially one of my new favorite places to stay in Vegas. 1000 sq. f. 1-bedroom suite with a jacuzzi tub and a full kitchen with dining table for 6. 4 tv's including an 8 foot projector screen. Seriously amazing and we got a really amazing price as well. Not sure if that's how it normally is or what but I really enjoyed my stay there. Not to mention it's got the Miracle Mile shops attached to it and it's right across the street from City Center which is pretty much the hottest new place on the strip.
3	Got suites with friends for a Vegas weekend for 10, which featured a full kitchen for all the alcohol and food, with an adjoining room and lots of couchspace to crash.  Really modern decor and the 'miracle mile' indoor shopping mall is connected to it which makes it super convenient.The average age of the people staying here seemed pretty young, maybe 20's-30s, so I probably wouldn't recommend it for families unless you can avoid the hoards of drunk people coming back at ungodly hours. Check-in on a Friday was REALLY long, nearly 45 minutes.  I know it's the start of the weekend but it didn't look like their people were really trying that hard to get everyone processed.This was my first stay in Vegas so I don't have anything to compare it to, but after spending some time in other hotels on the strip it definitely seems to compete on price while still attracting young people for the cool factor.
4	Stayed here this past weekend for a Bachelorette party.  We booked the 2 bedroom suite and it comfortably fit 9 girls.  I was a little worried about checking in early after reading other reviews but we luckily had no problem or wait getting our room at 1 PM on a Friday (and this was a Spring break weekend too).Pros:- Great deal for the size and quality of the room, especially if you're splitting the price between a large group.  Plus, if you're a AAA member you can get even lower rates- We booked the "non-view" suite to save money yet we still got a pretty decent view- Close distance to shopping and dining, you basically walk out the lobby and you have access to the PH shops and restaurants- Great check-in staff.  Every time I spoke with someone at the front desk they were helpful and friendly- The fridge with water filter was a major plus.  Saved me some money on having to buy bottled water- Overall hotel has a modern look and feel.  I stayed one night at Imperial Palace prior to moving to PH Towers and it was like night and day between the two hotels.Cons:- Bell hop and housekeeping service can be a little slow.  It took several calls just to request getting our bags sent up and then an additional wait on top of that to finally get the bags.  We also called for extra towels and never got them and for some reason they only cleaned one bedroom and not the other.- Rooms can be a little loud and drafty.  I'm not sure if it was because we were on one of the higher floors but one side of our room sounded like a wind tunnel.
1	First, the good. The suite was gorgeous. 2 bedroom room, nice kitchen, great views.And now for the rest of the experience. 1. Check-in took 45 minutes and the help was completely disinterested, bored and novices when it comes to  working in a competitive service industry like Vegas where there are 100+ hotels to choose from. Felt unwelcome, undervalued and brushed off when complaints were given. Not a great first impression.2. After checking in I was handed our 6 keys and was told we were all set. I asked what our room we were in. I was told. I asked if they could maybe write it down for me (heaven forbid they actually have a little envelope for our keys with our room number on it like every respectable hotel in America). After searching  for a few minutes, I finally received a piece of scrap paper with the number written on it. At this point we were just happy we were finally on our way. 3. Opened the door to our room and was impressed by the set-up However, we booked a 2 bedroom suite, and there was only one bedroom. Becoming increasingly annoyed, I called the front desk and inquired about this. They told me the room next door was also ours and our keys worked for both. Probably something worth mentioning at check-in.4. We had given our baggage tag to the check-in guy hoping our luggage would either be in our room when we got there or would arrive shortly after us so we could change and start our night. Half hour after we got upstairs we called down to ask about our luggage. They didn't know where it was but said they'd call us back. Seemed pretty par for the course...5. Sunday was check-out day and anyone who's been to Vegas knows how painful Sunday's can be. Woke up around 10am and called to ask for a late check-out (12pm). 20 minutes later we get a knock at our front door. It's a woman asking when we're checking out. With a confused look we say "noon". She says "OK" and leaves. 40 minutes later we try calling down to the front desk to ask what our final bill was since we didn't receive a receipt. Phone rang and rang. Finally after 15 minutes and 6 attempts at trying to call the front desk (really?) a woman picks up and relays our total charge. She then asks what time we're checking out...REALLY?? We say, again, 12pm, and that we've already relayed this to TWO people. She acts annoyed and says it's not in the system. Fingers crossed she didn't charge me because if I ever have to deal with the front desk staff at the Planet Hollywood Towers again it will be a day too soon.Long story short, even the gorgeous rooms weren't enough to sweeten the hotel experience. Wouldn't go back there again.
2	From start to finish:We waited for 1.5 hours to check in. Really?!? There were 4 or 5 people working at the front desk with a Disneyland-like line through the lobby and down the hall. When we finally got to the front desk, the guy working behind it had no idea what he was doing. We could tell he was flustered, but c'mon. No matter how flustered you are, when people are paying $$$$, at least ACT like you know what you're doing. He handed us our keys and tried to send us on our way... without telling us our room number?! We asked what our room number was and he told us - didn't write it down or anything. Just said the numbers and tried to send us on our way again. We asked him if he could write it down so he gave us a scrap piece of paper with our room number written on it. Thanks, man. The entire check-in process at this place needs a complete makeover. Maybe they should look into having a few more people working at the prime check-in time on a Friday night.We walk into our 2 bedroom suite - AMAZING. Incredible views, fabulous decor, huge yummy king size beds, 2 couches with pullout queen beds (4 beds total), rain showers, a huge hot-tub/jetted tub in the master suite, TV's everywhere (in the bathroom too!), a projector in the living room with a great sound system, automated shades. I can't say enough about how fabulous our room was. We got room service for dinner... I've had better, but it wasn't terrible. When we got home from our night out, we discovered that with 2 queen pullout beds, there were no linens to go along with them. Anywhere. We thought we were missing something... that maybe they were in a secret compartment we couldn't find?! We gave up and called down to order more linens - an HOUR later they arrived.We got room service for breakfast - the best part about the breakfast was the man who delivered it. We ordered Bloody Mary's and he made them for us like a pro bartender. His personality was great. This is the only person working at PH that deserves a good review.We left quite a mess after breakfast, so I left housekeeping a big tip along with a nice note. They did a great job cleaning our room, but they took all of our dirty towels and didn't leave new ones. Not cool!! After all of these bad experiences with the hotel staff, we tried our hardest not to interact with them for the rest of the trip. However, when we woke up Sunday morning, the day of our departure, we called down to the front desk to see when checkout was. The lady said 11am, and we asked for a later checkout since we had a later-ish flight. She said sure and gave us a check-out time of 12pm. At 11:15am we called to make sure there were not outstanding charges on our bill (we paid all of our room service bills with cash). The lady was upset and told us our checkout time was 11am and there was nothing in the computer allowing us a later checkout. Oh man. Get it together, PH. The rooms are incredible, but the staff is all over the place, in a very bad way. This place has so much potential. All we could do at the end of the day was laugh about how bad the service was. Even though the room was one of the best I've had in Vegas, I'll never stay here again. That much money can be better spend on a different incredible room in Vegas - there are many too many to choose from!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!We're really lucky because I had read all the awful reviews on here, but I really didn't experience anything remotely close to bad at PH Towers. We had a party of 9 and didn't get in until around 12am. I was worried we would get charged extra person fees, but the guy was super nice and even offered us extra keys! We got a total of 5 keys and check-in went super smoothly. There is a large parking lot that is easily accessed through the lobby floor. The rooms are huge! We got the 1-bedroom suite and it was UH-MAZ-ING! Beautiful, beautiful. It was spacious and looked just like the pictures. Everything was new, the bathroom was nice and big, the fridge was clean and super convenient to cool down your alcohol. There's a huge projector for you to watch tv or listen to music on and there's also an mp3 jack so you can jam to your own tunes. The jacuzzi in the room fits about 3-4 comfortably.Super fun, I would definitely come back. They have great deals sometimes, so look out for them! The 9 of us only paid around $35 per person for a 2-night stay!
1	Longest check-in line EVER.  Took us about an hour just to get room keys.  There were maybe 2 people working the front desk.  Clearly understaffed.  We wanted recommendations for dinner so I visit the Concierge who was too busy checking her Facebook to be helpful.  No service with a smile.  Made it seem like I was bothering her.  Really??  You have one job.The only saving grace was that the rooms were nice.  If you're willing to pay $400/night for crappy service because you just plan on using the room to sleep and don't mind waiting in lines, this is the spot for you.
1	one of the worst hotel experiences i have ever had in my life.  it took us nearly and hour to check in and there was not any line. i had a two bedroom suite at the hotel and when we finally got to our room it was disgusting. there were empty bottles everywhere the beds were dirty and there was "stuff" in the toilet.  we called down and were told to come back to the lobby for another room.  waited for 30 min to be told there were no more rooms like ours and it would take 3 hours to clean!!  we would need to take two rooms that were not suites. no vouchers, no food and beverage; just here is what we have take it or leave it.this hotel has missed the old Vegas tradition of respect and accommodating your guest to whatever end.  I would strongly urge anyone who reads this to find a room somewhere else
4	I had the pleasure of staying here in March for the Mountain West Conference basketball tournament.Myself and some friends pooled our cash and rented a two-bedroom suite for the weekend.  The room blew us away.  Large couches, plenty of table seating, and multiple televisions.  Couple that with red & black decor and Hollywood references and it's a great room.The pool area is top notch, and is viewable when you enter the hotel lobby from the Miracle Mile.  Lots of lawn chairs, as well as circular outdoor sofas if you can get one before someone else.  On days where the bar was not open at the pool you were able to bring in your own beer or drinks, which I thought was very nice.The only downside is having to walk through the Miracle Mile every time you want to go to the Strip or the casino, but you can get some great people-watching time in.  Especially late at night.From what I hear, the Westgate Towers may be nicer than the main PH tower.  Either way, I would definitely stay here again.PS: MOST IMPORTANT: The window cover in the main living room doubles as a projection screen, allowing you to watch March Madness games on a 15' wide, 8' tall screen.  Need I say more?
4	This was really a very nice stay for my wife and I. I really appreciated the attention to design in the overall ambiance of the lobby and communal spaces. From the 3- form wave walls to the extensive use of Mies pavilion chairs; the interiors were executed in the highest form. The room was more than adequate. The button tucked head boards and jacuzzi tub were well received. In terms of the facility, and the staff for that matter, were terrific. My only gripe would be the sky high prices of the drinks at the pool bar. $12 for a slurpie quality margarita? Honestly, walk over to fat Tuesday first for $7 margaritas (with a double shot) then head over to the pool. All in all, this is a wonderful hotel and I would definitely stay here again.
2	This place isn't even a year old, and it's falling apart already. In my room, the jets in the tub didn't work, the doorknob to the bathroom was broken, and the trim on one of the doors was loose. When I tried to call the front desk to switch rooms, I sat on hold for ten minutes before I just went downstairs. There was a line at the front desk, so I asked the concierge if she could find someone to help me. She said she would, and walked off never to be seen again. When I finally got a new room, there was a drawer front on the vanity that was falling off, a hinge on one of the cabinet doors had pulled loose from the cabinet, and the laminate was peeling off of a different door. It's a beautiful hotel, great value, too many amenities to list, but at this rate, with the obvious lack of maintenance, it will be trashed in a year or two. The housekeeping was a joke. The floor didn't get vacuumed for three days, and the silverware hadn't been replaced. We had one knife. I feel bad for the people who bought timeshares here. Enjoy it before it's a dump.
1	Wanted to give a review based on what one might like for their accommodations:If you like:young, very young, under 25 or just turned 21, hooting and hollering, drunk, possibly on narcotic benders, men cat calling you & your 56 yr old mom, repeated Ke$ha and Lady GaGa songs at the pool at decibel level of hearing loss, vomit and sex paraphernalia residuals in your room upon checking in, being able to hear your neighbors talk at all hours of the night, drunk young ladies falling and breaking their ankles from their 4 inch heels, pool closed all day due to high winds while all other pools are open on a friday? Room not cleaned for 3 days due to lack of employees or maid service - THIS is the place for you!Not really my cup of tea....Palazzo, Wynn and Encore caters more to classiness while still maintaining you can have a good time after all it is Vegas. Perhaps this hotel is well suited for the 'I just turned 21 and slept in my vomit crowd'.The 1 star is for the fact that they do have a kitchenette in the room.Sorry, definitely would not stay here again:(
4	The suite is gorgeous and pretty spacious, and having a kitchen/microwave/fridge IS GREAT. Now we don't have to fill the bathtub with ice and chill our drinks... we can just use the fridge :) and we can store and heat up our left over food. Mmmm.There IS a washer/dryer COMBINED machine in the bathroom, which is awesome! It washes and dries all in one machine.And a HUGE spa INSIDE the bedroom, which we didn't really get to use this time...but next time!I absolutely loved the decor here, clean, and pretty quiet, (even though we were blasting our music and up til the wee morning laughing and talking.There is a huge dining table and 6 comfy chairs. A large sofa area with plenty of seating, a large bed in the bedroom, with 2 flat screen TVs. Their room service was REALLY QUICK, whenever we called for something, it got delivered pronto, so A+ for that!Why knock off a star? THE TAXI SERVICE SUCKS. It takes forever to get a taxi, and I know, Marquee is right across the street (Oh! and that was another plus! so close to Marquee!) and taxi drivers wanna make their money, but a lot of them would not take girls in our heels (painful, duh) all the way to Marquee. Yea it's $6-7 drive, but we're not going to walk across for a mile in our heels. At least it seems like a mile across all the shops. But I guess the walk wasn't TOO bad since I did walk. It actually took a lot faster than waiting for the taxi...AND valet was FULL when we got there, so we had to drop off our bags and self park. BLEH.Our view was the rooftop of a parking lot, but I guess you can't get everything if you don't pay the big bucks.Anyway, that's my only complaint. Didn't get to check out the pools or gamble....so this is just for the hotel. I would probably come back here.
4	The suites in the PH Towers are just perfect! They aren't janky and they aren't overly fancy schmancy. The rates are great too!We got a one bedroom King suite for about $160/night. The suite was very spacious and modernly decorated. It came with floor to ceiling windows that gave us a beautiful view of The Strip. It also came with a kitchen, spa tub, and a huge projection screen in the living room. I wouldn't mind booking with PH Towers again.
4	Stayed here during the Floyd May weather fight in April 10.  Had a 2 King bed Suite here that provided enough space for 6 guys. The room was pretty fly considering we had the projector screen, the remote control curtains, and the shower with a window view of the strip. Room also had a full kitchen with a newer styled washer and dryer.This hotel is connected to the Shopping mall that leads to the casino and the strip. This place seems to house a great deal of younger guests. Not really a place to bring a family with kids in my opinion.The one bad thing about this hotel was the poor flow of water. The showers felt like I was walking naked in the rain. I could barely get the soap suds out of my hair and skin. This problem may have been solved, as the spot was still fairly new when we got it.
5	This place is really nice. One of the best hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas
5	just found my favorite Vegas hotel. stayed here during fight weekend [mosley vs pacquiao] and booked a two bedroom suite for $1323. that price is seriously unheard of, as other hotels were charging at LEAST $2100 for the weekend. I knew it was going to be spacious, but I had no idea how nice it would be! one full kitchen with stove, fridge, freezer, dishes, cutlery, dishwasher, bar, and dining table. huge living room with a sofa bed and additional couch AND projector for the TV. each bedroom had a bathroom, and one of the bedrooms also had a mini kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, and mini-fridge. master bathroom has a jacuzzi tub and of course, there are huge windows to get a great view of the city. the master bathroom also had a washer/dryer! to make things even better, everything you need is right downstairs! restaurants, shopping, convenience stores, etc. there's also a pool with tons of lawn chairs downstairs. phenomenal. I'll definitely book a room here again!
4	Two bedroom suite, jacuzzi, projector, living room and kitchen...FTW.The valet slash luggage guy who almost made us late to our flight...1 star.You can pretty much fit about 10 people into this 2 bedroom suite. The living room window and both bedroom windows were full sized windows from your feet to the ceiling. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vchjO0Vs5FwW2tpFnCimqg?select=7tIhaG30BDv_BIEK6PF2Uw It's like you can stand out there by the window...nikkid if you want and look down from these huge ass windows. And the shades are electricly driven too. Now that's some coolness. The projector can be setup on the living room shades. You can watch some awesome stuff from this projector.Note: They don't have PPV sports here. So if you're looking for fight night, it aint here...but you can watch porn though.Both bathrooms offers this super cool shower heads. Very modern and sophisticated. And for whatever reason, this hotel doesn't have "hard water" like other hotels. It was great actually. Refreshing actually. Both bathrooms also has tv's too. The main bathroom has a single unit washer/dryer too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vchjO0Vs5FwW2tpFnCimqg?select=TZBrUU1Y9mTmNevsyvwZJwThe beds were king size with like 20 pillows on each of them. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vchjO0Vs5FwW2tpFnCimqg?select=jewkGnLf2rt8kgTDPuZJ5A You can build two forts with the amount of pillows you get here. One of the rooms had a jacuzzi too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vchjO0Vs5FwW2tpFnCimqg?select=z843DcuAXcwNj79vfXFHcwThe lobby was super modern with many contemporary art pictures on the walls with a lot of music themed pictures including Marilyn Monroe and more. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vchjO0Vs5FwW2tpFnCimqg?select=OW1yhYb_cQgSnextV7vwvg Some of the pictures were on sale. The pool is across and outside from the lobby. And the convenience of walking directly into the Miracle Mile mall was definitely a plus especially during the hot months. You can pretty much walk inside this air conditioned area without the hot and dryness of Vegas Blvd for awhile.The only negative was their mis-management of having just 1 staffer running the valet and baggage claim at the same time. He had time to call security on us, but not enough time to get our bags before our flight...yah, the hypocrisy, yah...GFY.I would still come back again, maybe with a better valet-bag system, and this place would probably earn its fifth star.
5	This place was incredible. We had a 1 bedroom suite for 160 a night for two nights. I felt like I was in The Hangover. The room came with 4 HD TVs and a projector that made the entire wall a TV. Nearly everything in the room could be operated with a remote control. The room also came with a Hot Tub Jacuzzi that went into good use. Also, can't forget about the full kitchen. This place was bigger than my 2 bed/2 bath apartment. I was in awe every time I walked in. I think to get the full affect of this place, make sure to get a 1 bedroom or 2 bedroom suite and ask to be placed 50+ floors up.
3	I stayed here last year.  Came as part of a USAir Vacation deal; it was an  okay place, nothing to really wow you.  I was a little disappointed in the quality of the furnishings.  It seems like things were already starting to fall apart and they had just opened or renovated.  Like other properties that are for vacation ownership, this one had the standard accompaniments of a fridge (small, but adequate) and a microwave; so at least you could bring things back to your room and store them for late night munchies.  The bed was not as bad as some beds, but certainly not super comfortable so that you didn't want to get out of it.  If it was the only place in town, I'd stay here again, but otherwise steer clear.
3	We stayed in a two bedroom suite during the Memorial day weekend. The room is amazing but overall experience is more like 3 and 1/2 stars for me. Reasons why it's not 4 or 5:1. One hour wait to check in - really?!! I wasn't trying to get in the club! There were more staff hanging around to answer questions than people who can actually check you in. 2. Valet was full - We were told that they only have 77 valet spaces for 1000 rooms so they only valet for timeshare owners.4. Low AT&T reception.5. Wi-Fi is not free and if you purchase it, it's only for one device.I would stay here again but not on a holiday weekend.
4	We had a reservation for a 2 bedroom suite with check in at 4pm. We arrived around 11am since we left early to beat the Memorial Day weekend traffic. Since we got there early check in was a breeze; we only waited 10 minutes. Not only did we get to check in early, we got a FREE upgrade to PENTHOUSE suite with a view of the strip. AMAZING. It was perfect for the 6 of us. BIG thank you Alex at the front desk! I really liked the hotel and would stay here again but I am knocking off one star for some small things. 1. The room was a little dirty. I mean it was clean at first glance but little things that only a clean freak like me would notice, like dust and little spots that were missed. 2. The entrance door didn't close all the way unless you really pulled on it. Usually hotel room doors slam shut and automatically lock but after noticing the door was cracked open when we came back from walking the strip we knew we had to really pull on it to get it to close. Good thing our room was all the way at the end of the hall where there wasn't too much traffic. 3. No extra toilet paper rolls or paper towel rolls but room service did bring up extra when we asked for some. 4. There were only 3 super small wastebaskets in the entire suite including one the kitchen. We had to resort to empty beer boxes and paper bags for trash.
4	I've stayed here twice, recommended to others, and we all agree this place is stellar.2 bedroom suites are baller. Living room (some of them even have 2 living rooms), eat in kitchen w/full fridge & freezer, strereo system with ipod connector, ceiling to floor windows, projector screen that takes up full window and acts as a shade. The jacuzzi!!! C'mon son.This place is ideal if you're looking to go with a younger group and live it up in Vegas. It is in the center of everything. It is clean and the staff is generally responsive. Honestly, I don't want to stay anywhere else.If you're looking for a great suite in the heart of the strip and a younger crowd this place is for you.If you're looking for a quiet getaway that is serene with the sounds of Beethoven lulling you to sleep wtf are you doing in Vegas.
4	the 2bedroom suite is pretty damn awesome.  especially if you're YOUNG, because that's the vibe it has.  it has a modern feel, and you even get a projector!  there's a kitchen with a full size fridge, and a jacuzzi in one of the rooms!  it's also pretty cool that for one of the rooms, you can't access it both ways.  2 rooms are split by the entertainment/kitchen area, where there is a large couch.  there's more tvs in each of the rooms, and there's a king size bed in each.  the bathrooms are big and nice too!  anyway, it's not bougie, but it's got all the equipment and appeal for young people to have a great time!
5	Ph towers was the best suite for your buck. We had no complaints about the room or service. Check-in was pretty quick, and friendly. The view we had was of the pool, on or two bedroom suite. Fellas check out the club across the street "marquee" in the cosmo hotel. Our last night we went to ph club, it was str8. People from other hotels thought we were ballin bc of the rooms. Enough said.
2	Planet Hollywood Towers? Seriously? Give me a break. I'm not a competitor from another hotel, and I am not a one-sided bias person who gives out lame reviews based off of one experience. Before I begin, here are the pros and cons.Pros:Excellent place for shopping and dining at the miracle mile shops.Located towards the middle of the strip for easy access to other hotels.Rooms have great views of the strip.Conveniently comes with a kitchen, oven/microwave, washer/dryer unit, projection screen.Cons:Few Valet Attendants.When calling for room service or trying to get a hold of front desk, there is always a busy signal, the phone cuts out, or they do nothing to resolve the issue at hand. Staff attitude isn't as welcoming as other resorts (just like hollywood, ca. the name fits perfectly.)Washer/Dryer unit is not user friendly, and you can be locked out from retrieving your clothes.I came in assuming valet would be available for us, but there were too many cars and we had to self park. Luckily, the parking structure was near the hotel lobby. We dropped off our luggage and they said it would be over a 1/2 hour to get the luggage to our room. Fine.Then we check in and get to our rooms, and it was decent for what it was, I won't complain. But for the same amount I could've had better decor elsewhere. I noticed that the washer/dryer can overheat, so the door that you opened to access the w/d unit had to be left open so it didn't overheat. But my girlfriend's clothes shrank since the door mysteriously locked on its own.We went downstairs to walk around and get dinner, so I decided to get my room serviced. When we came back upstairs, sitting on the sink counter next to my toothbrush was the hotel maid's bucket that cleaned the toilet bowl. How do I know it was for the toilet bowl? Because the toilet bowl brush was sitting inside. Gross and unprofessional.The last thing I'll comment about matters to a lot of people out there which is the feeling of being welcomed. When you are addressed at other resorts, EVEN if you are just visiting, you get a smile and you are called Mr. or Mrs. and then your Last name. They ask you if you need directions, they ask if you'd like help somewhere. Here? Uh, no. Someone didn't give them the memo that we are in Las Vegas, where customer service is 1st priority. These folks need improve on that, or someone needs to teach them a lesson.I've got family and friends here in Vegas, and I come here once every two months. This place is no Mandalay Bay or Wynn/Encore. Yea, the location is in the middle of the strip basically, the food and shopping selection is great, but I don't plan on using my money to stay here ever again. People complain that Mandalay Bay, Wynn and Encore are too far, they are expensive, etc. BUT THAT IS WHERE YOU GET THE VEGAS EXPERIENCE. I came back today from TheHOTEL. Paid $81 bucks for a one bedroom suite. Valet, asked if they could fetch ice for me from the ice machine, greeted me like a king, etc. Stayed at Wynn. Same thing for $139/night. Planet Hollywood Towers? $129/night flat out. No extra perks.Bottom Line: Don't stay here folks, just visit.
4	Stayed out at the PH Towers last weekend from 6/10-12 for my first LV trip.It was VERY nice, the amenities were awesome, the drop curtain turning into the TV projector was nice, as were the washer/dryer in there.Only critique I have is the rain shower head, but this is a personal thing as I have a preference for high pressure showers, I like to feel the stink of the day falling off :)Our room wasn't ready at check-in, asked us for 30 more minutes. We did, still wasn't ready, so we were upgraded to a two room suite instead of our original reservation of one. Room service on the tele was nice, as was the sound system. I would definitely consider staying there again, right on the strip, close proximity to the big casinos and shuttles.Room 2020
1	Just left Ph Towers by Westgate, currently in the airport and I'm sad to say that this hotel was the WORST. NEVER COMING BACK. My long time boyfriend and I just had got married and we decided to stay in the room for some intimacy until we heard a big bang and someone broke into our room while we were busy in the Jacuzzi. There's was never a phone call or a knock so we were pretty jumpy, freaked out, so nervous I thought at 27 I would get a heart attack. The person apparently was security checking to see if we were okay. Later that day, we went to the main desk to ask why, and there was no log, nothing indicating why. They didn't even have a record of why they broke in like the Feds. The next day,  they said that it was because WE HAD DO NOT DISTURB SIGN ON THE DOOR. WTH? They were scared because we wanted to make a corporate complaint. The following day, we called the main desk for room cleanup for we can take a video of the room. And they Yes Us to death, three times we called and all they said was they will be up there shortly. On top of that, room was very dusty, windows dirty and poor service. The best and only thing was the buffet. Besides that I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!
1	I was there this week, the service was terrible, the first night the valet parking was rude and hi dont even picked up my car, after 4 hours driving from L.A thats nasty situasion and ,spoke to me in very bad attitude, the second night there was no valet was only for members as can be possible that a hotel in Vegas does not have va...let, not to mention the pool everything was empty and had to pay up to a beach umbrellas, chairs and beds had to book and pay to sit in a simple table with umbrella, the room service never answered my call. I asked to speak with the manager and he never gave me an answer that's only the policy of our hotel, in my opinion there are many better places to go in vegas no more towers PHbesides it was my birthday and it was a ugly experience for all ask you the key to the hotel, I buy a beer at the pool and went out for a minute and when I get back I was not allowed entering it backso I had to throw in the trashSee More
5	I loved this place! I stayed here for my first college Vegas trip and I have to say it was perfect. The location is in the middle of everything, the decor is hip and modern, and it was just everything we needed.It was me and a group of 8 friends and we all stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. Loved how there was literally a TV in every room (kitchen, living room, projector, bedroom, and bathroom!) a fridge for the 30+ handles we brought, a big table for us to take shots, the sofa doubled as a bed, a big king sized bed enough to fit 4 people, and a bathtub right beside it, and a really huge bathroom. The view we had was amazing! We had the view facing the rest of the strip, not the side with the pool. Also the pool was amazing too... the setting was great but my only complaint was that the pool was like 4 feet deep, lol.Not only that, the price was very reasonable. I think between the 9 of us we had around $60 per person to pay the room (~$540 for two nights). In addition, I should say being that this is a hotel that serves to the 20-early 30 age range, in my honest opinion. Mainly because of the vibe and atmosphere Planet Hollywood has, and the fact it is located right on the Miracle Mile Shops which has a more casual setting, unlike the pricey and classy Caesars, Bellagio and Wynn hotels.Overall, I had the best experience here... can't wait to come here again! =)
1	OK so where do I start???From the moment we got there it was a disater.  We were unable to valet because it was fool and it took almost an hour to find a parking spot - who doesnt have valet in Vegas???Checked in and the room was pretty nice we had gotten a 2 bedroom suite, we started decorating and was told they had helium tanks for ballons (LIE) they had nothing and were not very helpful about the situation. I had forgotten to get a cake at the store so I called room service for prices and had to leave a message and they never returned my call. (SO LAME) The bell boy comes up with our luggage and was getting a little personal he stayed for a minute asking questions that were none of his buisness, mind you this is the same guy that barges in a few hours later unannouced when one of the girls was in her bra getting ready and when we asked him what the hell he was doing in the room he said "oh I think I left my keys here, so wheres the birthday girl?".  I called and made a complaint and asked how he could've gotten in, to my surprise all staff members have a master key.  So lets just say I'm greatful we were still in the room because this guy was super shady and who knows what he was up to.  Needless to say they did nothing about it and didnt offer to change our rooms to make us more comfortable.Believe me the list goes on but I'll stop here and say...........An overall horrible experiance and I will never stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone!!!!!
4	I stayed here in December, during the slower months so it was nice. We decided to get the one bedroom suite after reading a couple of reviews. For the money, the room cannot be beat. The room is itself is huge, with a full size kitchen, living room, and complete bedroom. The style is very contemporary as well and everything seemed to be brand new. Other additional goodies were a remote controlled screen used by a projector for TV viewing. The bedroom also included a hot tub which was nice and there were LCD TV's everywhere. A washer/dryer combo was also present if you need that.Some complaints include the water. It was very weak and there was no hot water. It took me about 2 calls to the front desk to get it fixed. Las Vegas was also windy during our stay so our room had a whirring noise, especially at night. It was annoying noise but didnt really hear it from our bedroom. We closed the wind deflector on the window and that helped a little but could still hear it. Overall, I enjoyed the stay here =)
4	Summary: This review is long overdue.  I travel frequently to LV and make it a point to stay at a variety of hotels; I figure work's paying for it, so I may as well live a little :) .  During those trips, I've stayed at PH Westgate several times.  For the money, PH Westgate is one of the better deals on the strip.Plusses:* The rooms are awesome.   My coworkers said they were nice, but suspected they were a bit cheesy with the whole PH themes for each room.  But I must admit I was pretty impressed when I opened the door to the room and the blinds automatically opened to a pretty awesome view.  The decor is very nice, clean and modern.* Bed is very comfortable.* Good location.  Midtown.  Lots of stuff nearby.* No resort fee.Minuses:* You will have a long, long walk to and from the garage.  And that's assuming you don't make a wrong turn :)
4	PH towers Westgate was really nice IMO.Unfortunately it took forever and a day to get my room but it was definitely worth it in the end. I arrived extremely early due to my flight being crazy early in the morning... so I had to wait many hours, but I couldn't blame them since their check in time IS at 4. Luckily the room was ready by 1PM. We had the TWO BEDROOM SUITE high floors and had 9 people. It fit us all pretty well. I probably wouldn't do more than 10 in the overall suite. What I was a little bummed about is that when I made the reservations WAY IN ADVANCE, I was promised two pullouts.. when we got into the room we only noticed one. I called and they offered me a roll away bed.. that was fine, so we took it.The room itself was a really good deal.... especially for the summer.. and the it's pretty spacious and comfty.The kitchen came in handy to make ramen noodles and stuff lol, oh and the water from the fridge saved ALL of our lives and our wallets too.Sweet views, comfortable beds and spacious. PH towers is pretty awesome and I wouldn't mind staying here again in the future.
4	I was wondering where all the better reviews of this place went. Here they are.. :DPH towers was wonderful..spacious, comfortable and the price was definitely right.
4	cool spot.. get ur gamble on!!
4	Stayed here for a bachelor party and it was the perfect spot.  The suites were pretty large and we had no problem fitting 10 guys into a two bedroom suite.  There is definitely a younger crowd at PH in general so I don't think this is the right hotel for everyone but it was nice, clean, and we had a ton of fun.  It is pretty centrally located and a walk away from Marquee and Wet Republic. The only downside is that valet is often full (if it is then valet at the Miracle Mile shops for free and you'll be fine).  Oh, also, it takes housekeeping a couple hours to bring you towels so make sure you always have enough or you'll be waiting around or using your friend's grungy towel.
4	This was my first time staying here and it was a nice typical hotel. Our room was really far from the elevator and we had a view of the parking structure, but I didn't stay in the room that long anyways.
4	PH god some of the best suites ever. Awesome view of vegas and very clean bathrooms and awesome decor in there. I need to stay here, it is the place to be. very spacious, bullout sofa be. huge kind size bed. damn...
4	I've only been to Vegas a handful of times but I've seen some great hotels and some not so great; I would classify the PH Towers as one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas.It might be because when you get to the lobby you don't smell cigarette smoke, see people gambling and making a fool of themselves; I know I know - those are just staples of being in Vegas....but it doesn't mean I have to be around them ALL the time ;)The pool area was great, granted it was boiling hot!  The staff are super friendly and I LOVE the way the suites are set up.  If you get the suite with two adjoining rooms, you get a whirlpool hot tub in one of them, a kitchenette and a bomb drop down projector screen that covers the windows entirely.  I'll definitely be coming back to this hotel!
4	We strolled in on Sunday around 5:00pm and did wait in what I felt like was a shockingly long check-in line for the day/time. We spent about 15/20 minutes waiting to get into our room. We hit the lottery however and were given a 56th floor suite upgrade from the amazing lady at the front desk. If your not so lucky and want a great view south of The Strip (MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay) head to the 55th floor and they have some huge panoramic glass to get a breathtaking view. Here is a tip... the 56th floor just has a big wall so you won't be seeing anything. The suites provide some small kitchens but needing ice will provide you quite the adventure! According to the lady at the front desk they only have ice machines on the 5th and 50th floor which seems a tad sparse considering the large hotel. The pH Westgate does lack a casino which keeps the late night volume down and the Miracle Mile Shops does have an ABC Store close to your hotel entrance to get cheap liquor, snacks, and even healthy things like fruit for your room. You are connected through the Miracle Mile Shops to the pH casino and tons of great dining and budget dining in the immediate area (Earl of Sandwich - My Review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas#hrid:K5mBPENNb-gjr9-lExmz6A). The Miracle Mile Shops has a new quick access walkway into CityCenter adding to the convenience of the area. Our room had better television choices than almost any other Vegas hotel we have stayed in. So note to yourself if your not in Vegas for gambling and want something on TV (I recommend here possibly over some casinos). The lightning in the hotel is spot on and our living room area has more than enough space to please you. We had a small dining room table that never got touched. A great comfy couch and nice chair to enjoy our amazing view. A bed high off the ground with some convenient reading lights and unique leather headboards. The people talking about the "long walk" through Miracle Mile can get over it. The walk is not this bad to get out of the casino and it's a super convenient location all around compared to other hotels. if you don't like walking or are not interested in doing so then you should drink more or not come to Vegas. Walking around The Strip is more than half the fun of this place.
4	The bf and I, and another couple booked two separate rooms and we wanted to upgrade and join the two rooms for a suite. The front desk agent had a hard time figuring out what we were asking for and I think we might've been at fault for that. Anyway we asked for something that was two joining rooms but each room had their own jacuzzi. Note: Own jacuzzi. We go to our upgraded rooms and is pleased with the living room upgrade which has a projector screen, an awesome view of the strip, and cool pictures hanging on our walls. But as the bf decides to look around, he realizes there was only one jacuzzi in one of the rooms and a shower in the other room. Not even a tub... a walk in shower. We soon realized that part of the room was ADA accessible. Okay, we called front desk and told her this room wasn't what we wanted and she was accommodating and let's us know we can leave our stuff in the room while she switches our room and have a bellman move our stuff. Fine.We come back later in the afternoon and got our new room number, and as we were walking to it, we already knew she really hooked it up cause first we were on a higher floor, and second we were at the room that was all the way down the end of the hall. You know what that means! :)This suite was gorgeous! Corner room with two walls [and a weird corner] of floor-to-ceiling glass windows overlooking the strip, even larger projector screen, kitchen and dining area, king bed that overlooks the entire strip, jacuzzi, separate guest room, two bathrooms, huge closet, and everything I want in my own apartment!!Only thing was, we were sharing with another couple. What are we going to do with the ONE king bed and the dinky guestroom with no windows? We can't have either couple sleep in the guest room... so we were torn.We finally decided to call down to Front Desk again and simply asked for one regular room back since technically she only upgraded one room up to a suite anyway. She did just that and everything worked out.Only thing that sucked was that the walk was pretty far to get to the rooms in PH Towers.. and their pool, which is right in front of the Front Desk Lobby Area, is small and old and not cool at all. Just a plain ol-pool. And too bad we didn't get to use the projector/screen!
4	Here are the positives about this place:Got a regular suite for $99 plus tax so I can't complain about the price.  This is centrally located on the strip so this is another plus.  Unlike some people we got there around 3:00 and check in was swift and easy without any problems or hassle.  I also like the fact that you don't smell smoke and for this reason it is kid friendly as well.  The kitchenettes are convenient and good for people with kids.  You have shopping right there with the MIracle Mile and if you want to gamble go right on into Planet Hollywood Casino and enjoy.The modern style and color is catering to the younger crowd, but I personally didn't have a problem at the pool unlike others have mentioned.  Perhaps it's because I went around 9 am and was out by 10:30 so I practically had the pool to do laps without running into people which was awesome.  Oh, considering you get a suite with nice amenities this place so far doesn't charge resort fee unlike most of the other hotels these days in Vegas.Now here are the negatives about this place:Like some people mentioned I was able to hear the kids next door around 8:00 in the morning so I guess the rooms are not that sound proof.  The room next to mine was an adjoining room where if you opened your side and theirs you can walk through so maybe that's why I was able to hear them, but regardless I was able to hear them.I wasn't bothered by it but my friends weren't very fond of their black toilet.  I know it's minor, but for those who might be OCD you might want to consider this.  Black is deceptive and I guess for those who are OCD or very sanitary people you might be wondering how clean the toilet was cleaned by the cleaning crew since it is black and you really can't tell.  But, in their defense I think it is black because their theme is red, black, and white all around.Now I did find their shampoo, conditioner, and body wash bottle very annoying.  The design is very difficult for the product to come out and you have to hit it and wait and wait.  So PH Westgate please consider changing the bottles!A minor thing I noticed, but wanted to mention if you are bringing young kids is perhaps you might want to avoid the Casino late at night.  Their attires in general are a bit more provocative than casinos like Paris and the Love Pit is probably not a good thing to walk through with minors.  But then again most people will probably not bring their children, but in case you are planning on bringing the whole family I wanted to mention it.  In general I think Planet Hollywood with their theme, decor, casino attires are definetly trying to draw the younger crowd.All in all I had a great experience and I wouldn't mind returning to this place again.
3	A mirror in the shower for shaving. This alone would've been enough to give this hotel a 5-star review. But like all things, nothing is really what it seems. First the good.Awesome Vegas hotel. Some people complained that this hotel was too far from the strip. I've walked father in the Venetian just getting to my room. Sure its not right on the strip, but c'mon, this is Vegas, everything is a long walk. I stayed in a one-room suite, it was fucking huge. Myself and my sleeping partner spent less than 5% of the trip in the other room. Sort of a waste. But if I had a ton of my peeps around it would be LEGIT. Automatic shades, floor to ceiling windows, a full-size washer/dryer, amenities galore.The bad.Could not get the projector to play sound. The showerhead would not stay up. Low water-pressure. None of these are a big deal, but worth noting.The ugly.When I stay in a hotel, I expect some sort of padded book with information on the hotel. You know, This place didn't have one. Granted, 99% of the information does not pertain to me, but I at least want to know where the pool is and have something to read on the shitter. Thank god some previous guests left OK! magazines, otherwise it would have been very boring poops. Possible vomit on the wallpaper in the bathroom. I understand that this Vegas, but try and class it up a little bit, geeze.
4	This place does what it says on the tin. Modern, updated, comfortable room. King-sized bed with a queen-sized pullout, which was nice. Decent bathroom, though a lightbulb was dead (and promptly replaced). Could hear a good bunch of noise in the adjoining suite until 6am, but not enough to explicitly keep me awake. Otherwise comfortable.I paid $108/night for what was supposed to be $186/night rooms, courtesy Priceline. Checkin was just fine, but it was at about 1am. Centrally located, though a bit of a walk through the PH casino to get back to the strip proper. Overall, you're right in the thick of it, though. Nice blackout shades, remote controlled on the TV, along with AC and such. Definitely had trouble waking up cold and dry, as the AC was a bit finicky, but rather that then hot and uncomfortable. Shower was a bit weird, but nothing too big to carp on. Overall, what we were looking for at a fair price. No resort fees and no parking fees either make it really attractive.
2	I went here with my friends this past weekend and it was an interesting experience. For the price we paid (I think $170 per night) for the one bedroom suite was definitely worth the money space and quality wise of the room. The bedroom itself was pretty spacious and the bed was comfortable. The decore looked very new and chic. There was A LOT of floor space that could comfortably allow many people to have a slumber party on the ground. They had big tall windows and electric screens which I LOVED. There was a BIG Jacuzzi right next to the bed that could easily fit four people although we didn't use it because it was 100 degrees in Vegas so it ended up being our towel bin haha The bathroom was pretty big and nice as well. The living room had a big couch with a pull out queen bed. This could fit three people or so (two on the bed and one on the couch cushion BUT the bed was VERRRRY uncomfortable. It was SUPER thin and you can feel the bed springs against your back. I would rather sleep on the ground. Even with the pull out bed, another three people can fit on the floor. There was a full size dining table and full kitchen with a fridge, stove, and microwave. This was very convenient because you had ice and water in your room the entire time and can cook anything you bring for breakfast or whatnot. On Saturday our group were planning to go to Wet Republic but we lagged on getting there early so we missed guestlist BUT we went back to our hotel and they had their own pool party which was pretty decent. Of course it was smaller but the music was good and the pool chairs were first come first serve and you weren't required to buy anything. For those people who like to keep up with their daily workout routine, there was actually a small gym on your floor. I'm not sure if it's every floor, but we were on the fourth floor and the gym was literally 3 doors down. I was talking to the front desk and she told me their gym was $25 dollars per day per person if you're a guest (that is RIDICULOUS) but my friends used the gym on our floor just by swiping our room key so the one the front desk was talking about must be their main gym/spa. You might be wondering why I'm only giving this room 2 stars instead of a 4 or 5 stars. WELL although their room was pretty nice, THEIR SERVICE SUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKED!!!! I have been to Vegas quite a few times and have stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio, and Mirage and I know what good or at least even DECENT service is. This place LACKED ANY KIND OF GOOD SERVICE DURING OUR ENTIRE STAY and it wasn't even a holiday!! DAY 1: They made us change our rooms because they made a mistake with booking...the TV did not work and the shower was dripping...(All minor things which we easily looked past)Day 2: EVERYTIME WE WOULD CALL IN TO ASK FOR SOMETHING WE NEEDED, WE WERE PUT ON HOLD FOR 30 MINUTES. We asked for extra blankets which took FOREVER. We called in a few hours later and asked for an additional set and was told it would come up in 15-20 minutes. (First of all, I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes for something to be brought to my room at any other of the 4-5 star hotels in Vegas) BUT we waited for 45 minutes and called back again and was put on hold for 30 minutes. When the customer rep got on the phone she told us it was already sent up and we nicely stated that nothing ever came and she told us that we already had one set of extra blankets. We told her we need an additional set and she told us that FOR OUR ROOM SIZE WE SHOULD ONLY NEED ONE EXTRA SET AND THAT THEY'LL SEND US ONE MORE BUT IF WE ASK AGAIN THEN IT'LL BE $30 DOLLARS! WTTTTFFFFF....WE'RE ASKING FOR BLANKETS AND PILLOWS NOT A MINI FRIDGE OR BED. THAT WAS JUST RIDICULOUS!!Day 3: We called in and asked for extra towels (again 20 minute wait on the phone) AND THE TOWELS NEVER CAME UNTIL WE CALLED IN AFTER WAITING AN HOUR AND THEN CALLED AGAIN AND IT CAME 20 MINUTES LATER!  You know to make matters worst, not one customer service rep ever apologized for their lack of service and we were not even giving them a hard time on the phone. Granted my friends talked to them because it would've been a different case if I got on the phone with them myself. Their excuse for long wait times was "we're all booked up right now" I DON'T FREAKIN CARE. EVERY HOTEL IS ALWAYS BOOKED UP IN VEGAS AND THAT'S WHY YOU HAVE HUNDREDS OF EMPLOYEES AND MAKING MILLIONS IN PROFITS. One slip up...okay fine...two slip ups...maybe you're having a really tough week...ALL DAMN WEEKEND? I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S CAUSE YOU'RE BUSY OR YOU GUYS NEED TO ALL GO GET A HOSPITALITY DEGREE. I would stay here again if they have a deal on their room rates for the sake of their nice rooms, but EXPECT TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF WITH NO HELP FROM THE HOTEL WHATSOEVER.
5	We stayed in the one-bedroom suite which was really big and super nice. Kitchen, stove, microwave, dining room/table, full fridge, the works! Sectional sofas, chairs, projection TV on the window shade, huge bedroom, in room jacuzzi, bathroom with washing machine. Great view of the strip from our room and loved the swimming pool. Very classy place. Young crowd, great vibes. I would definitely recommend and stay again!
4	We arrived at PH Westgate on Friday, 7/15/11 at about 5:00 pm.  There was a HUGE line at check-in.  It took over an hour from the time I got in line to the time I made it to the front desk.  For a busy Las Vegas Hotel/Casino, this is unacceptable.  There are 12 check-in stations at the front desk and there were only 3 employees working.  (on a side note, at check out the clerk told us that the hold up was because of housekeeping being behind on cleaning rooms... sounds like they are understaffed all around).We reserved a 2-room suite here because it was far less expensive than any other 2-room suite I could find in Las Vegas.  The room was just over $800 for Friday and Saturday night.  Any other decent suite near the strip was at least twice that.Our room was on the 24th floor and the view was to the North.  Absolutely beautiful!  There were 5 adults and 3 kids in our party and there was plenty of room for everyone.  Having a kitchen in the unit was great.  It was nice having the option of bring groceries for meals instead of eating out all weekend which can be a hassle when you have a large group.  Each bedroom had a king bed, there was a pull-out queen in the 2nd bedroom and a pull-out queen in the living room.  The master bath even has a mini washer/dryer if you need to wash something.  The kitchen had the basics for cooking utensils and silverware which I was unaware of (bonus!).Even though there is a pool right across from check-in, we were told that the Planet Hollywood pool had a dedicated family area so we opted for that.  It was perfect and everyone had fun.  I would have given a 5-Star rating if check-in had not been such a hassle and then having a front desk clerk blame it on housekeeping rather than lack of front desk staff.  Having kids now makes coming to Vegas a totally different experience but I'll have to say that I was pleased with how family friendly it was.
4	Of all the hotels I've stayed around the world, I can honestly say you get the most bang for your buck at the PH towers. Less than $200 a night for a huge suite with tons of amenities (full size kitchen included glasses, silverware, etc. big couch that opens up into a bed. jacuzzi right next to bed, projector screen, washer & dryer, total of 4 TVs) Where else can you get all of that for so cheap?!  We had a large group and everyone moved around comfortably. PH is centrally located and right across from the Cosmopolitan too so location was definitely good. There was a bit of a walk from the rooms to the casino and strip but I didn't mind at all. (5 min...10 min if you're a slowly walker or get distracted). The towers are also non smoking so you don't start coughing up as soon as you walk into the lobby. The hotel pool was actually very lively the day we went and I like that the chairs are first come first serve unlike other pools where minimums can get up to $1500! The downfall of this hotel (really it deserves more of a 3.5 star but I'll be generous) is the service factor. It was extremely booked the weekend we went but I still felt the everything came quite slow. Also, the front desk people weren't as welcoming as other hotels I've been to. But ehhh, I'm not one to sweat the small stuff so I would still recommend this hotel, especially for the price. I also appreciated how you had to show you room key to have access to the elevators. Overall, I enjoyed my stay here and would come again. If you're looking for a moderately priced suite that is walking distance to all the action on the strip, this is it!
4	Drink all day... Play all night... Let's get it poppin', I'm in PH, trick!This might not be the fanciest place to stay on the Strip, but it's definitely a great value for the location. I've stayed here twice already and I really like the "homey" feel of the rooms. The first time I stayed here, PH was generous enough to give us a complimentary penthouse suite upgrade. The view was phenomenal. It was in the corner, overlooking the strip. The shower was large enough to fit 6 people comfortably. The second time I stayed here was for a bachelor party. We got a two bedroom suite. It had a large projector screen that covered the entire window. It was awesome watching the World Cup on it. There was a full size fridge, washer/dryer, and Jacuzzi.  Between the 7 of us, the cost came out to be 115 for TWO weekend nights in July. Not bad at all. A little about my credentials:I'm just an average Joe that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton. I usually book rooms around 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. My hotel turn offs include: Valet only parking, dirty bathrooms, and paper thin walls.
4	We got upgraded to the 1bedroom suite & it was awesome! I was a little worried after all the mixed reviews on yelp. But we really enjoyed our stay. This is a nice contemporary styled hotel.Pros:We got our room for $85/nt through Priceline's name your price (last min)We got upgraded at check in to the 1 bd suite from our regular rmNo wait for our room & it had a full kitchen and livingroom, not to mention the jacuzzi in the bedroom and lots if towels & TPCons:There was a 2 item combo from panda express thrown all accross the carpet, right infront of the elevator when we got to our floor thats the first thing I saw (they did clean it when I told the front desk)Pool was closed early due to "high winds" as mentioned in other reviews, but it wasn't windy.Upon check out they told my BF that if we weren't out at 11am, they check the cameras and will charge a $60 late check out fee (they must have known I lag and check out late) despite the threat we left the rm @ 11:30 and weren't charged (maybe the detective was off that day!)I tried to call the maid and front desk & my BF tried to call rm service- we never got an answer from anyone. I'm wondering if the phone lines are jacked...All in all it was a good stay and I would def recommend this place for the price, although the Venetians still my fav
5	1 Bedroom Suite.Wow.These guys went over the top!
3	Their 2 bedroom suite is SWEET...Big and roomy. The kitchen was well stocked with stuff you need to cook and eat a basic meal. The shower is roomy and the master bedroom is huge with a hot tub in the corner. Our view wasn't bad since it was facing the pool which made for great "sight seeing" for a bunch of guys. Too bad we were on the tenth floor, but it was still and ok view. Now why did I give it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5...well that's cuz, there were a couple of things missing that I think is important if you're gonna be in a bachelor party and getting your drank on. NO ICE!!! Yes, the nice expensive looking fridge had no ice in it. We got there Friday at around noon and fridge was warm inside. WTF, Planet Hollywood. The least you can do is turn the damn thing on. We figured to press the quick ice button and hope there will enough ice for that night's pre-clubbing festivities. Well after 6 or 7 hours, only ONE ice cube came out...ONE!!! So one of my friends went on a journey to find and ice machine. Well there were none on our floor or the floor below and above us. In fact, there was no ice machine in the tower we were in. He had to go to the other tower to get ice and that machine RAN OUT!!! I don't know about other drinkers out there, but drinking crown and coke without ice kinda sucks since the ice helps keep it nice and cold. Another complaint I have was that the sound system SUCKED!!! We could barely hear the music playing with a bunch of guys talking and screaming at the same time.The toilet did not have a fan so bring a match. Also, if you have ATT, don't bother using your phone because there is a black hole in this area. Verizon was ok. No free Wifi either. Very disappointed PH!!!Anyway, I would probably stay here again since it is in the middle of the strip and overall is quite a nice hotel.
5	My friend went on Hautelook.com and saw that they had a 2 Bedroom Suite at PH Towers for a pretty good deal. We booked for 3 nights for $945, that's already including tax.1 month later... when we got to the suite... It was really nice, like REALLY, REALLY NICE! Com'on we had a hot tub / Jacuzzi right next to our bed, a zebra print couch-chair-thing next to our window to relax and gaze at the view, double vanity mirrors & sinks in both bathrooms. Wanna feel like your in a movie theater, BUT chillin' in the living-room at the same time??? Well just turn the shades down, you can simply turn on the projector and watch a movie or a TV show. What else..., FULL kitchen, there was plates, regular & champagne glasses, and one pan provided if you plan to cook and not eat out. There was also a washer/dryer inside of one of the bathrooms too, they also provide laundry detergent. Our view was pretty nice, we saw the Eiffel Tower, Cesar's Palace from where we were staying. 2 CONS:1) The room can get a bit stuffy due to the their windows, I mean you can't open the windows, cause there was none!!!2) WiFi, $10 / STAY! Correct me if I'm wrong, but from what I can remember WiFi AIN'T FREE there! I love how the mall is just right down-stairs, basically everything that you need is already downstairs.
1	Worst hotel / time share or whatever you want to call it.  Room service is non existent.  The plumbing in two rooms were all messed up.  out of the 50 something floors only two of the floors have Ice for you and twice one was empty and I had to cruise down 48 floors to get to the other level with ice.  I asked for limes to make drinks in my room before we went to XS for the night each lime cost $4.00, really?  Most hotels give you limes and other condiments if needed.  I ordered extra blankets for the pull out couch and it took them almost two hours to get them to my room. (its not even a holiday weekend)  I would much rather stay at the regular Planet Hollywood or just pay the extra price and stay somewhere that respects me more and could get me into the clubs for staying with them.
4	Me and a few buddies got the Penthouse corner suite for a weekend of fun and it was AWESOME. Amazing views of the strip - the city center, Paris, and Bellagio.The master bedroom was one of the most impressive rooms I've ever seen in vegas.... HUGE (almost bigger than my entire apartment)...Glass windows from floor to ceiling, Jacuzzi tub 2 feet away from the bed, and the biggest bed I've ever seen. It even had those neat automatic blinds that come down from the ceiling!  This place comfortably sleeps 6 (there is another smaller bedroom, and a pullout queen sleeper hidden in the red leather couch) but I'm sure if you wanna throw a party there is plenty of floor space for those who don't mind.This hotel is a great deal too! Right near all the action and affordable - you just can't go wrong with this place.Only minor detail - their staff is a bit rude, and if you lose your card coming back from the pool good luck getting past the security guard standing at the elevator 24 hours a day.
1	I would have to say I was excited to see the Westgate Towers since I have been to Vegas multiple times but never stayed here. All of the amenities looked great for the two bedroom suite that we got and couldn't wait.Nothing in the room went well. It had a lot of square footage and an ok view for what it was but thats where it ended.The room was dirty right off the bat. Dust in the room and things under the beds. The ac vent in the larger bedroom did not pump out cool air. The maid service skipped a day and when we asked for them to come by they did not. The motorized blinds in one the rooms was off the track and would not go up and down. Lastly, the jets in the hot tub did not work.I can usually deal with one or two small things wrong because I understand they have a lot of rooms. But for the amount we spent on the room I was highly disappointed. I would not stay there again.
1	Had better. Sorry to say but the rooms r very dirty. When I first walked in I saw dust on the tabel, stain on pillows, cup does not look clean at all. So the room was nasty n unsanitary the service also sucks. I wanted to order food but they were missing the menu so I called their room service n they said they will bring it up, I waited for an hour! Still no menu.  For a dirty room n bad service this place did not even made one full star on my list. Dislike never coming bck here again.
3	Came here over the weekend for a bachelorette.  We got two 2 bedroom suites.  Each room had 2 full sized beds, its own fridge, tv and bathroom.  The common area had a full kitchen and living room with a tv and even a projector.  That is tight.  Not to mention one of the rooms has a jacuzzi in it.Service was good and bad.  I arrived at the hotel in the morning and didn't have a key so I asked the security in front whether I needed someone to come down with it.  He called the room and told them I was there and let me up.  Sweet.  Unfortunately, I didn't get the same when I came back after clubbing.  All my friends had gone back to the room earlier and I didn't have a key but I figured it would be ok.  The new security said I needed a key but called the room even though it was around 6 am.  I really didn't want to bother anyone and asked if he could just let me up since someone did answer the phone and said I was staying in the room.  But no, he made my friend come down and get me.  Whatta jerk.  For that, mr. security guard, I just bumped the 4 stars down to 3.Other than that, the towers was great.
3	Stayed here this past weekend while in Vegas for a friend's birthday. Our suite was A1, 5 stars all the way. However, I was not feeling the "MTV Spring Break" vibe throughout the rest of the hotel. I mean, my goodness! It was just a bit too much young, immature, foolishness  going on in this place. All the "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" screaming for absolutely no reason at all, just happy to be drunk I guess. Whatever. It's unfortunate because like I said, the suite was spectacular (floor to ceiling windows throughout, beautiful decor, modern and sleek, etc) but I can't stand the crowd that this place attracts so I won't stay here again (unless they have the absolute cheapest room rate in town which is highly unlikely).
2	The suites here are pretty sweet! Projector screen, kitchen, awesome bathroom, bathtub in the bedroom, cool decor and we had an awesome view. Can't lie, the suites make for a great great time. We also had fun by the pool and the ambiance of the Westgate Towers Lobby is nice and does feel more exclusive...HOWEVER, service here was horrid upon arrival. This place was attitude central. You'd think after paying them that much money to stay for 2 nights, the least the PAID STAFF could do is be nice to us.First, Valet was "full" - that's awesome, off to self park we went (no big deal), minus the fact that Steve (horrid valet guy) stood in front of me like a vegetable when I asked him if he could help with our bags since we were checking in. He didn't say anything, then I mentioned it again, "could you please help with our bags before we head to self park?" - his response, "yeah, I heard you". -- Well Steve, I'm glad your ears work because your attitude fails, my friend. Against his will he helped with our bags - halfway through he wanted to leave the rest for us to deal with. I didn't know these guys got to choose which bags they wanted to take. Another guy comes heading out and looks @ our bags and starts shaking his head (yeah guy, I saw that too...). Jerks.We went to check in, and yes we were early (as we usually are and it's never a problem at ANY OTHER HOTEL IN VEGAS!). I go to vegas at least 1x/month and have always been able to check in at whatever time I arrive. Tabetha (another piece of work) was so disgustingly rude we were about to just say F this place and head back to to LA. It was my girlfriends birthday, so we were trying to not let all this horrible service ruin our good times ahead...The tone and manner with which we were treated was appalling. Maybe because we don't fit the "old" and "rich" bill she thought it would be okay to treat us the way she did. I didn't know Planet Hollywood operated this way, apparently Tabetha and the hotel DO operate this way.We walked away from this stellar employee (NOT) and sat back trying to figure out what to do for 5 hours. After deciding to go back to another front desk employee, Hallison said "a suite just opened up!" and was able to get us up to our room - finally. She kinda turned our morning around, but the BAD SERVICE and ATTITUDE is hard to forget. PH Towers, you only get one chance to make a first impression and that first impression was NOT a good one, unfortunately. When it comes to Vegas, I suggest you spend your money elsewhere, where you'll be treated properly. Stellar service should be a given.
4	Ok, so maybe we didn't have the best view but we had a view, that's what happens when you get the suite at ph towers. you also get a projector tv, not that we needed one, fuck it! its Vegas right?     The place was  huge enough to accommodate  pre partys before we headed out into the night and the design features were very modern. we partied like rockstars to the wee hours with no complaint, well actually we did have one complaint, we had been smoking outside our doorway which caused the 16th floor to evacuate and all we got was a verbal warning, they were pretty cool about it. i thought we were going to get the boot.i really liked the vibe of the ph towers i think it's because everyone was around my age(under 25) so if your looking for a cool spot with people close to that age, ph towers is probably your best bet.
5	Westgate is the perfect Vegas destination for the party crowd. Its cheap, centrally located, and the rooms are RIDIC.  The 2 bedroom suite has everything you could ask for and are a steal a 4 hundo a night.  Its no joke fellas and I recently discovered that it can accommodate 16 people quite comfortably.  Peep it...Microwave CheckStove CheckDishwasher CheckWasher / Dryer CheckJacuzzi tub CheckDual master bedroom checkPull out L-shaped leather couch Check2 other pull out couches CheckAwesome lounge chairs CheckGiant projector TV Check42 inc LCD's in every room CheckMini LCD in the kitchen CheckStainless steel appliances CheckFull dishware and glassware CheckSick view of the Strip CheckBar seating in front of the kitchen CheckElectronically controlled blinds CheckInsane customer service CheckSick pool parties during the day CheckEasy access to PH shops and dining CheckPrime location on the Vegas strip CheckI could honestly go on forever by lets just say that you definitely should I'm never going to stay anywhere else. I effin love this town...VEGAS4EVAOh and I have to mention that Pampas Grill just below in the PH shops has a sick steak and eggs deal for $5.95 through 11:30am.  Its the best deal money can buy and the perfect thing to get if you're hung over.  See ya soon Westgate!!!
5	awesome pool!! we were on the 54th fl the suites were BOMB!!!!! however the dj @ the pool could learn how to mix a little better... overall my experiance was awesome!!!!!!
5	I loved this place. We had a very comfy bed in our suite, with a jacuzzi tub, a decent shower, a kitchenette which even had a dishwasher, remote control window shades, a mid-size fridge, and 3 tvs (one in the bathroom)...The Miracle Mile shops were downstairs, and the Spice Market Buffet was in the casino (GREAT for vegetarians, by the way, with TONS of healthy meat options too).
4	I felt confident in this property meeting my expectations based on the amount of reviews I've read before we booked.  What I didn't know is that the Towers would exceed those expectations.We booked the 1Bedroom Suite, cuz it was a crazy great price to upgrade via US Airways vacations.  The gentleman checking us in (no lines at 2pm; they got disastrously long later!) told us we'd be on the 5th floor!  The fifth floor sucks in Vegas; as we didn't care for a view of the next hotel's windows!  So I pull out the ole $20.00 bill sandwich between my credit card asking for a higher floor or a strip view.  He takes the money and says he happens to have a fantastic view on the 38th floor!!!  Yea!  And then I he tells me to sign a waiver that I agree to  pay $11.00/night for the higher floor!!! So much for the "tip"!!  Oh, well...the view and the room were amazing..Room: immaculate!  Great feeling to pass via security each time you goto your room.  The lobby lacks the glitzy, kitchy, Vegas feel, no plasmas or dancers in the atrium here.  But the room was blingy, and Vegas enough.  Definately go for the 1BR suite!! HUGE! Great views of the strip and mountains each day/night.  Had an awesome full functional kitchen.  Hit the CVS or Walgreens for some coffee/milk/chips/sandwiches to store and save a ton on not buying the $5.00 coffee in the Miracle Mile Mall below.Living room so comfy and homey, never felt closed in.  Great leather couch in TV room, plasmas EVERYWHERE (with actual HD signals!)  Cool wall projector and automated full length window shades! Even had a Subwoofer in the cabinet to pump up the jams while you had a few glasses of wine preparing to hit the Strip!Bedroom was great, really large; bed was fantastically comfortable!  Hot tub rocked and the bath was just great.  LOVED the awesome washer/dryer hidden in the bathroom..soooo great as I dropped a cluster of mustard/relish from the last bite of my Fatburger on my new Khakis!! Nice to get back home with ALL clean clothes!Left $5.00 tip daily for the housekeepers.  They addressed EACH need I wrote on the paper that day and did a PERFECT job keeping our room immaculate.  Actually we were surprised how damned clean everything was!!Pool was nice. SUPER freaking hot out there so go early and reserve your chairs...just remember to please take your towels off them when you leave!  The bar staff was great and they even comped us a round of drinks after waiting an hour for our food!Ok..Planet Hollywood Towers; a perfectly located central spot to stay.  SO easy to get everywhere from here in a short walk.  Quiet at night, smoke free always.  Great pool; perfect housekeeping.  Super-Swanky room.  Can you deal with having to walk a bit to the casino of your choice? The night club or restaurant of your choice?  Then hands down STAY HERE! It's awesome; I'd definitely consider a repeat stay...too many amenities for cheap to get used to here!Overall PH Towers exceeded our expectations!
4	PH Towers By Westgate will hold a memorable spot in my brain :DI stayed here last weekend for 4 nights. I had seen pictures of this place before & thought it was pretty nice. I was coming to Vegas with a big group of girls, so might as well all stay together.We reserved a 2-bedroom suite. When we arrived at the hotel around 3pm, our room wasn't ready yet. Apparently, check-in is at 4pm. We came about 45min later & it still wasn't ready..but the lady did something & got us a room. The room was just as they appeared in pictures. Great features: kitchen, projector tv, jacuzzi, big living room space, & 4 beds (2 king & 2 pull-out) in the whole suite. It was perfect for my girls & me. Room was in pretty good condition when we got there. The audio system was messed with though, according to the employee who brought up our bags. One thing I was really sad about was that housekeeping threw away my Absolut SF limited edition bottle. I mean, it was my fault for keeping it on the counter..but come on!I really enjoyed staying here. One thing that was pretty annoying was that most of our cell phones didn't have service. AT&T service sucksss here. There were only certain spots in the suite that had good service. But not having service was NOT okk. -1 star for horrible cell phone service. I really did like this hotel though & will most likely be booking another reservation here in the future.
4	The service sucked when we first walked in but  once we got to our suite... This muthaF##ka was the shit! Plasma every where  you looked ! Hot tubs in every room and the Sub Zero in the kitchenette! The leather couch was so nice but the projector was the icing on the cake! Our 2 bedroom suite was way more than I expected with extra beds and even plasmas. Did I mention there are plasmas in the bathroom. Oh another cool thing was we checked out bags down stairs before we actually checked in and about 45 minutes later after we finally checked in the luggage was brought up right up! House keeping was excellent the whole time except for one day. We have a two bedroom suite and you only clean one of the bathrooms? What kind of sense does that make? I do think they took a bottle of champagne but that's OK we had more than we can drink! I think the pool can use a little improvement but its nice and the cabanas are nice to have for food and drink.I'm definitely booking another trip for November so I can catch the Pacquiao fight...
4	After reading reviews for this hotel for a while now, I've noticed several things. There's a lot of back and forth about the friendliness of the staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, and the overall quality of service. Well, when my friends decided on PH Towers for our trip, a little uncertainty began to settle in. Would our place be a dump? Would we get stains all over the sheets and cabinets falling off their hinges? Would the employees snarl and snap at us when we ask them questions? We really had no choice but to find out ourselves. Here's how it went: As we arrived at the hotel (a group of nine), we were met with some very fancy glass doors, nice looking fountains, and a set of color-changing pillars in the lobby. I approached the front desk to check into our room (it was about noon at the time. check-in was scheduled for 3 pm) and was greeted by a fairly pleasant lady. She was nice enough to give us a pretty good view from our room windows, and even upgraded our suite (since we had four people staying in the one room). She was nowhere near the level of nastiness that I've read in some other Yelp reviews. So far so good. Onward to our suite! We were on the 51st floor, with a view of Paris. The Strip itself wasn't quite visible from our window, but the Eiffel Tower was a good enough view for me.Now, I haven't stayed in Vegas since I was 15, and even then I could've cared less about the hotel room, so everything was pretty much going to be a new experience to me. I had nothing to compare it to. But walking into our suite, I was shocked. Shocked at how ENORMOUS the rooms were, and just how fancy everything was. Televisions in every single room, including a gigantic projector that takes up the ENTIRE living room window space! (That's a good 10-12 feet right there) The jacuzzi in the bedroom that everyone talks about was present, (It was QUITE relaxing coming back to the room after a long night and just chilling with a drink, I have to say), and just the whole feel of the room was amazing. Very Hollywood-styled, as it should be, with nice leather couches and chairs, chrome lamps, and the nicest looking master bedroom I've ever seen. If there was one thing I was certain about our trip, it was that I was going to enjoy going back to the hotel. Before I wanted to jump to any conclusions, however, I had to test things out. I had to make sure cabinets weren't collapsing, drawers weren't caked in dust, and pillows weren't covered in stains. I made my rounds and ALMOST everything checked out. My minor quibbles?-Shower head water pressure. As nice as the shower looked (and trust me, it looks QUITE nice) the water pressure was quite low. Not a huge thing, as it probably took maybe a minute more of shower time, but it's something to be aware of for you shower junkies.-Vanity mirror coming off the wall.OH GOD. Yeah, the screws were coming out, so I set it in one position and didn't touch it for the rest of the trip. Scary? Yes, as it teetered on the edge of a single screw, but it's not like it was something vital to our stay. Really, other than those two, everything was fine. No smells, no dust, and most importantly, no jerk employees. Our stay was definitely going to be a nice one. Some bullet points about other hotel things:-POOL: We didn't spend that much time swimming, but it was still quite enjoyable. Not crowded at all during peak hours. -CASINO: Despite every single mucous membrane in my body drying out during my time in the casino, I have to say it's pretty nice in there. Not the biggest or fanciest casino out there, but I'd say it's among the more relaxing ones. The staff was amazingly friendly, if only because of the one roulette dealer that our group liked.-SHOPS: PH Towers is connected to Planet Hollywood and its casino through the Miracle Mile (aka a bunch of shops). It doesn't take too long to walk through, and the shops are actually pretty convenient if you need a drink or a last-minute bathing suit, but it's something to be aware of if you like your casino to be DIRECTLY next to the lobby.Also, if you're hungry, and it's late at night, PH Towers has a sandwich shop near the casino, Earl of Sandwich, which is amazingly good for the price ($6). Definitely check it out.So with everything being said, it all boils down to one thing, I feel: consistency. People have had incredible experiences with PH Towers, others horrible. We just so happened to have a positive one, but it remains to be seen if the hotel and its staff are actually moving in that direction, or if it is just another anomaly. I do believe that PH Towers is a good hotel. Even a great one, maybe. The only thing preventing it from being among the top hotels at its price range, I feel, is that consistency that it lacks. But if they can somehow get on the right track with ALL of their customers, I can guarantee PH Towers will be somewhere everyone will want to stay at.
4	Great experience at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  Went to Vegas to celebrate my sister's 25th birthday.  We got the 2 bedroom suite and it was pretty cool.  We had a view of the parking lot, which sucked but we just used the projection screen and all was forgotten. Everything is pretty modern looking.  There are plasma TVs in all the rooms.  The pool was cool.  It was pretty crowded but if you don't mind waiting until later in the day, you have a better chance of find a spot to lay out.  The service was great.  Housekeeping regularly gave us beers left by people who had checked out.  When I misplaced my room key I went over to the front desk & was able to get a duplicate key even though my sister was the one who checked in.  Lucky for us we have the same home address.  Security demanded to see your room key every single time you went towards the elevators but was really helpful when I reported a domestic violence situation that my bf & I witnessed as we were on the escalators.  The security guard immediately respondedThere were a few negatives.  The locks to the toilet and bathroom did not work and at one point while opening the adjoining room door the handle fell off.  We reported it, but no one ever came to fix it.  We told our housekeeping guy and he said not to worry about, he would take care of it and make sure we weren't charged.  One of the TV remotes didn't work - batteries probably died.  Our fridge also leaked water from the ice and water dispenser.  Overall a good experience and I would stay here again.
4	My friends and I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite (with 1 king bed in each room) in PH Westgate and wow, the room was REALLY NICE! There are TV's everywhere, one in the kitchen, one in the bathroom, one in the main room. There's even a projector with a screen though we couldn't figure out how to connect our laptop to it. The screen has automatic switch to go up and down (and also doubles as window blinds). The couch in the main room has a pull out bed, same with the couch in one of the bedrooms. Oh and a full kitchen.Did I mention there's a JACUZZI? We actually ended up using it a couple of times, and it was pretty nice. Pool - Keep in mind that you can't bring ANY outside food/drinks into the pool area, including the Fat Tuesday that you bought INSIDE Planet Hollywood. It wasn't too crowded when we went, but was kind of a sausage-fest. It was still fun though, depending on what the crowd is like that day.Food - There's some decent food here. We really liked the Earl of Sandwich place. Planet Dailies was okay, though kinda overpriced. There's even a Panda here. The best was of course the Fat Tuesday right inside our hotel (long line at times!)
5	It was a lil hectic, Alot of drunk people, pool was a nice spot to chill. It was actually one of the better hotels on the strip I've stayed at. We stayed at Planet Hollywood before and we didn't like it but the Westgate is separate from the regular hotel. It had a younger feel and had more energy around. Very cool spot, looking to make another trip to Vegas with this hotel as my #1 spot.
3	No real complaints. The room was nice and clean, had all the amenities you could ask for. Not sure if it was just this weekend but it was definitely a young and rowdy crowd. It seemed like everyone was here for a bachelor or bachelorette party and it was crowded even today on Monday. Would definitely stay here again.
4	PH Westgate just exudes sexiness. Insanely comfortable beds. Even the pull out bed was comfortable. Lots of floor space, big bathrooms, and who can complain about a jacuzzi in the bedroom?
4	Our 1 bedroom suite was awesome!Lots of space and lots of tvs :)I would totally stay here again.Side note- Checking out on Sunday is horrific. All elevators are jam-packed. Make sure to either leave at least 30 mins before the 11am checkout time or wait til 12noon to leave your room.
4	Yes, the 2-bedroom suite is pretty baller. Retractable shades, a giant projector screen in the living room with computer/iPod hookups, 4 TVs, a washer/dryer, 1.5 kitchens (each with a dishwasher) and a jacuzzi tub. With two pullout beds in addition to the two king beds, we somehow fit 10 girls into that space pretty comfortably (it helps that there are mirrors and outlets ALL over the suite) and had a great weekend.The food options are plentiful here (especially around the Miracle Mile Shops), but the only place to get food in the wee hours of the morning is Earl of Sandwich (not a bad thing if you like the place). Room service only ran from 6am to 10pm, which I thought was odd.Someone else mentioned the horrible wait to check-out on Sunday, and I totally concur. We didn't leave til Monday, but just trying to catch an elevator to take us 3 floors down on Sunday around 11:00 took forever.Getting in & out can be a challenge if you're staying at the Westgate tower. Almost every time we went outside, the "Valet Full Owners Only" sign was up, and people driving in were not sure where to park. The cab line is under-served, and we found ourselves waiting a bit every time we needed one. Mind you, this is just for the Westgate Tower and the main hotel might be set up differently.My apologies to PH Westgate cleaning staff. I know we left a mess, but thankfully we forgot about the "Privacy Please" button and left it on for Saturday, and you didn't have to deal with all of our crap for a day.
5	This place is awesome!!! I mean the blinds are on a remote control that you can open and close right from the tv, and the one in the main room when they close you have this projector and this huge TV. The kitchen is great, the beds are comfy, just an all around great place to stay!
4	Just stayed here last weekend and I was pretty impressed. Room was nice and spacious, bed was super comfy, bathroom was nice size (which for a girl in Vegas is pretty important when getting ready). Only downside was all the younger adults here. I'm no old lady (I'm 27) but I felt like a grandma with all the 21 year olds running around. Good thing is they all left on Sunday and I was staying till Tues. Great location - right inside the Miracle Mile shops (my favorite shops in Vegas) and the PH hotel is right around the corner in the shops where you can find a starbucks (perfect!).Only problem I had with the place is that my bf and I kept putting the privacy light on and the maid service kept coming in. We kept putting the light on because we didn't need extra towels (there were 4 in the room already and it's just a waste of water to keep getting new towels) and we're not dirty people so there was nothing to clean up. The first time they went in we were gone, so we were a little annoyed but at least we got service. The second time we were in the room and she started opening the door which was latched thank god...what if I didn't have any clothes on, the latch was undone or my bf and I were being naughty? THAT annoyed us. We called down and the hotel manager said he would speak to the person in charge of maid service so hopefully that got taken care of because that's pretty unacceptable.Other than that our stay was nice. Pool wasn't too crowded, we were able to find chairs to lay out on and the appearance of the hotel was very bright so it puts you more at ease. I think I'd stay here again, maybe even upgrade to the 1 bedroom suite since my friends stayed in one of those and I'm curious to try out the hot tub in the bedroom lol.
3	THE ONLYYYY THING GREAT ABOUT THIS HOTEL IS THE PRICE!!While checking in a week ago i recieved the worst customer service anyone could ever experience... the representitives do not talk or greet the customers, everything is about money with them, and not the customers happiness...(THE MASTER BEDROOM) was amazing, the bed was super soft as well as the sheets, and i love the jacuzzi tub right next to the bed...(KITCHEN) could have used a lil bit more cleaning up..i.e. dirty dishes..(LIVING ROOM) absolutely amazing, projection screen, and surround sound!!(STANDARD BED.) was just as amazing as the master..the only thing i like better is that the smaller room has its own a.c. control. and its own mini kitchen.(BATHROOMS) were pretty kool...you get a 15 in. t.v. in the master bath...BUT THE 1 BIG SPOILER WOULD HAVE TO BE THAT SOLICITORS KEPT FINDING THEIR WAY UP TO MY FLOOR STICKING FLYERS IN THE DOORS..SECURTIY SUPPOSELY CHECKS FOR YOUR ROOM KRY BEFORE YOU ENTER THE ELEVATORS, BUT I DONT THINK THEY'RE DOING A GOOD JOB...-__-
2	If you're here with a group of friends for a bachelor/bachelorette party, than this place is pretty cool. The suites are pretty sweet and the price is decent. But if you're here with your family or has kids with you, than this hotel is not the place for you. I should've read reviews here before booking this hotel. First of all, staffs were not welcoming at all. They act like they weren't happy working there and it shows. None of the staffs were smiling nor greeting their guests. Second of all, they charged $9.95/day for Wifi when most of the other hotels in Vegas provide free Wifi. Please be aware that they charge per device per day. This hotel is definitely a party hotel. There were spilled beers in elevators. Bathroom tub was dirty and shower head leaking water. But what really knocked the ratings to a two was the fact that they put us next to a suite with people partying 24/7 with loud music playing from what seemed like 7pm-7am. The walls were not sound proof. We can hear people talking throughout the night. We couldn't sleep well at all because of the loud music from next door, people knocking and slamming doors in the middle of the night. Good luck trying to get a hold of front desk. The average hold time is more than 15 mins. If you want to stay in a hotel with loud and rowdy party people, than this is the place to be. But if you want to be able to sleep in peace, than please stay away from this hotel. I would not come back to this hotel even if they gave us a free room.
4	Awesooomeee Suite:) We had the 1 bedroom suite, and it was pretty sweet. It's all black, red and white, which happens to be my favorite colors!! Bed was good, kudos for the projector, I read a couple of people reviewing about loud music, your probably talking about us, Sorry! It was a really great deal as well. I knocked off a star because check out is at 11AM, REALLY!?! After a night of partying, waking up and waiting in line with a whole bunch of people that looked miserably hung over was not the best way to exit a great Vegas Trip!
4	Planet Hollywood Towers Rocks baby! This hotel is just pure SEXY! Two bedroom suite review only! This awesome and lavish 950 square-foot room includes a full kitchen with high-end stainless steel appliances. Floor-to-ceiling windows, two marble accented bathrooms, and  spa tubs with separate showers, and you've found the very definition of SEXY accommodations. Features: 1 HD Projector, 4 Flat Screen TV's, Alarm Clock, Cable, Coffeemaker, Data Port, Dual-Line Telephone, Fully Equipped Kitchen, Hairdryer, Hi-Speed Internet Access (Fee), Iron/Ironing Board, Jacuzzi Tub, Microwave, Refrigerator, Washer & Dryer. This property is Star-worthy digs that is for sure! Non-Smoking Rooms Only. They have everything including detergent for the washer and dryer if you choose to wash a load of clothes before you take off! The only thing your two bedroom suite will not have is food and clothing, other than that you are good to go! Please lock me in this room, I have been oh so Naughty!
4	Size:11 PEOPLE.That's right, 11 people in a 2 bedroom suite. Was there enough room? Kind of. There are 2 queen beds and 2 pullout couches. With 2 people on each, that left 3 people out. 1 person slept on a couch that didn't fold out. The other 2 slept on the floor. If you don't want anyone sleeping on the floor, you can fit 9 people in a 2 bedroom suite. You might be able to fit more if you put 3 to a bed, but it gets really crowded fast. Other then sleeping quarters, the room was a good size. You can have people watching TV on the couch while other people are watching TV in the other room or playing card games on the dining room table.Room Amenities:*The GoodThe microwave and full fridge came in handy. The microwave is hard to understand at first (you have to use a knob to select cooking time) but after a while, you get the hang of it. Also, the full size fridge fit all our alcohol and food and has an ice dispenser built in. Maybe that's why they put the ice machines so far apart. All the TV's worked fine and the giant projector was cool. The Jacuzzi will fit about 2 - 4 people, depending on the size of the person. We never used the washer or dryer. *The BadThe electric stove was pretty bad. Unless you have experience using an electric stove, I would not use it at all. We burned everything and the pans and pots they supply where very cheap. I would recommend to just microwaving everything. One of the shower heads would spray water everywhere when you first turned it on. Only 3 trashcans in the whole place. For those getting a studio suite, I suggest you bring a couple of plastic grocery bags and place the full bags in the hall for the maids to pick up.*Atmosphere:This hotel is packed with young people. I would say the median age is 24. If you are looking for a hotel for kids, this is not the hotel for you. If you are looking for a hotel to come and party with your young friends, then this hotel is perfect.*Parking:I don't know why everyone on here is complaining about parking. There is parking directly behind the PH West Gate. Yes it is not valet (which sucks), but the self parking takes you directly to the front desk. After you park in the structure and walk into the Hotel, it's directly to your right. It literally took us 1 minute to walk from our car to the check in line.*Gambling:I like to gamble. Not much, but I always put a few hundred away to lose. I found it to be a pain in the buns to walk through the mall area to get to the PH Casino. It's not a long walk, but it can be a pain to get through when it is packed full of people, especially on the weekends.  I liked this hotel. I would probably would have loved it if I were single and 21. Since the rooms are spacious and somewhat affordable, it's a good spot for a young bachelor or bachelorette party.In the end, I still prefer the Palazzo, which has a "classy" party feel. The PH Westgate feels like a "college house party".
4	I was so excited when my friend booked this hotel for her fiance's birthday weekend!  I love PH and when PH Towers opened, I made a mental note to stay here when I can afford it.  Well splitting our two bedroom suite  6 ways is definitely doable!  As with all the other reviews, we had the projector, two king beds, one pullout bed, fridge, microwave, washer/dryer, jacuzzi tub in the master, two bathrooms, tvs in all rooms, etc.   We even got wristbands to Koi and The Gallery (see my review under The Gallery) from the concierge desk.We also spent many, many hours at the pool.  The sound system sucks at the pool but once youve had some drinks in you, you really don't notice.  We got a "bed" with a table behind it ($300, includes two drinks) and decided to buy a bottle ($90) since it would be cheaper than buying individual $14 drinks. The "water beds" are $200 (includes two drinks), downstairs cabanas are $800 (includes 1 bottle), and upstairs cabanas are $500 (includes 1 bottle). The only reason why I took away one star is because the water pressure in the shower in the hotel room was pretty crappy.  Also, they dont provide lotion!  Ive never stayed at a hotel that didn't provide lotion!!  So bizarre... Regardless, I will most definitely stay at PH Towers again!
4	Was here for Labor Day weekend...  I have to admit that I was VERY reluctant to stay here at first, but after visiting, I was pleasantly shocked at how nice it was.  The room was designed really nice, especially the bathrooms.  Although it did suck that there was no ice to be found on any floor.  Gym was great to work off the alcohol from the prior night.  Pool scene was a disaster, really slow, nothing comparable to MGM's main pool, Wet Republic, or Ditch Friday at the Palms.  Even Planet Hollywood's main pool was a disaster.  It was dead, especially considering that they have a supposed event with Sammi from Jersey Shore there.   Btw, thanks to the staff for cleaning up my mess of chips in the lobby due to me passing out after Wet Republic.  Also, major kudos to the security for finding and holding on to my iPhone.  You guys are awesome!!!  I can't believe I actually left it in the lobby.  Overall, I would stay at PH Towers again..
5	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome hotel.There's a lot to say about the PH Westgate towers.  Despite having a  boring, scam-like website, they really delivered when it came to service, stay quality, and all around "POW!" factor.So here's our situation: We both worked the entire day, we're exhausted, hungry, and really not in the mood for much Vegas-style shenanigans at 1:30am, after waiting at the airport taxi-stand in the 90+ weather for the last half-hour.  Good thing #1: My girlfriend and I finally managed to get to the towers around 1:30am.  I'd called in advance to tell them we'd be late, and they had everything all in order when we got there.  We were even lucky enough to get a free upgrade from a studio to the 1br suite.Good thing #2: Our room was located up high, so we knew we'd have a view.  What we didn't expect was that we'd be assigned a suite that looked directly at the Eiffel Tower, and lined up perfectly with the Bellagio fountains.   So when we hit the automatic shades to look outside, imagine our delight.  It was a pretty amazing view of the strip, to say the least.Good thing #3: Ridiculously comfortable bed and room setup.  This California King monster engulfed our bedroom, and was absolutely amazing to sleep on.  We stayed for 3 nights, and passing out on the bed was just as good as sleeping at home.  The jacuzzi was positioned nicely with a good view of the strip, and the bathroom was large and well-lit.  The shower left a little to be desired, since it was kind of small.Staying at the Westgate towers will set you back a little more than some of the older resorts, but nowhere near as much as the headline resorts of the Strip.  You're getting quite a good value for your money in the room, and you get all the amenities of the PH casino and malls to go along with it.  I'd highly recommend it for the young couples who want to have a fun weekend at Las Vegas, especially for the location near to CityCenter shops and the Miracle Mile shops.  You'll also be located very close to the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Forum Shops, and their hotels' buffets/clubs/restaurants.If you're in Vegas, you're planning on dropping a significant amount of cash, so might as well make sure you're getting the most from it.  Get into their total rewards program, and it'll make getting comps for even better rooms a lot easier.  Totally recommend the towers, 5 stars.
3	Landed this hotel on Priceline and we ended up with a HUGE room -- big living room, full-sized kitchen with all the fixings, floor-to-ceiling windows, walk-in shower, TV in the bathroom, and a full-sized jacuzzi.Aaaaaand that's where the awesomesauce runs out.Just try getting someone from the hotel to answer a phone call, like, say, room service.Go ahead, I'll wait.(45 minutes pass)Still on the line? Yeah. I was too. Once you finally get room service, there was a bunch of stuff on the menu they wouldn't bring you because the room service menu actually belonged to the Planet Hollywood main hotel, not the "towers" that we were at. When it did come, it was pretty underwhelming.And the hotel staff really didn't give a rats ass about helping you at all -- about anything. I know Priceline customers are last on the priority list, but the service was downright rude at times.The location was fine -- right in the middle of the PH Mile Mall with two theatres, lots of shopping, and... wait for it... a casino! I know!! Who'd have guessed?! ;-)If it weren't for the amazing room, this place would have gotten one star.One more thing was that... WAIT! ZOMG! Room service picked up the phone! Hold on a sec... ...no, no... someone picked up then put me back on hold again. {sigh}
4	first trip to vegas pre-labor day weekend...not knowing what to expect...it was mid week and gave it a shot due to the great rate....got there and got checked in immediately, no problems at all...calling to the front desk for stuff was "ok", but not as receptive as i've had in previous towns...the valet in the front hooked us up with a taxi in like 2 seconds so we could hit Mandalay Bay...next day, late checkout at noon was cool....had breakfast by the pool, took a bit longer than we'd have liked, but no complaints really...staff as a little on the "snobby" side, but accomodating enough...room was perfectly awesome...great view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio...bed was super comfy...water pressue in the shower sucked though...all in all a good experience for first time vegas vistor's...might go back there one day...i would recommend...
5	Something is ABSOLUTELY wrong with most of you reviewers.( Or PH Towers is reading these reviews and making the necessary changes) Anywho, I had ZERO problems at PH Towers...I don't know where yall were staying but it wasn't here! I mean REALLY who the hell stays in there room in Vegas. Who cares if the TV isn't working;get over yourself.Positives: + There was one person ahead of us at check-in so check in was quick and painless. ( We arrived about 5pm on a Thursday)+ Room was the bomb.com! We got a Jr. Suite and upgraded to a bigger suite for $20 extra a night. + We were halfway down the hall from the elevator. And the hall wasn't hella cold like it is in the MGM which I liked :) The room, OH THE ROOM! It was great! Enough room for 3 girls and probably could had had another 1 or 2 friends with us and still had room.+ Everything in room was beyond clean! No dust, no shit from other people. Everything worked fine.+ Called housekeeping and bell man to bring things up once in room, wait was no more than 10 minutes IF even that!+ Walk to the  Casino floor was easily 5 minutes. We passed up Fat Tuesdays so that was great!+ Went to the pool at 6pm two days in a row and it was nice. Not too many ppl, playing cool music. Still hot as hell! lol!! But definitely better than during the day.+ Ordered room service twice, was really quick, probably took 20 minutes from time of order to time we rec'd food.+ Check out was easy! Checked out on the tv..so don't know how check out is. (We left Monday also so that might make a difference in check out times)Only negatives:- That security guard was annoying at the elevators...except for that cutie lol. I understand you want to make sure none of the riff raff gets into the elevators but always having to dig in my purse to get the key got annoying. I'd always forget until we got right up there...I was just tryna get up to the room! Geeze lol!- Taxis weren't plentiful.Overall, I'd stay there again!! Everything was great; room,staff,crowd etc.
5	I was hugely blessed with an incredible experience at PH Towers this past weekend.we checked in on a Friday with no problem or wait, got an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite (had to pay $30/night but no bigee), and stayed in a beautiful room with jacuzzi.  housekeeping was on it with fresh towels, replenished necessities, and new linens.you can enter the hotel from the miracle mile mall- a huge plus when walking the strip, anxious to get back to your room, and tired of walking in the vegas heat.checkout Monday morning was just as painless and extremely easy.  I'd definitely stay again- thank you PH for an epic stay!
4	there were 5  of us coming for the weekend and as i am such a planner, i booked the room by calling in and asking for the AAA rate and got it for under $900 for 2 nights.we did arrive about 1pm and was afraid the room was not ready but she managed to move some reservations around and gave us the keys to the room.it was perfect!the room was HUGE...we got a 2 bedroom suite. when you walk in, there's a full size kitchen with dishwasher, stove and dining table.  then you see a large L shape red leather sofa in the LARGE living room.  there's one room to the right with a king size bed, there's another room to the left with a king size bed and a pull out sofabed.  each bedroom had a full bathroom in there.  at least 4 large LCDs and a projector+screen just in case we wanted to watch movies.room was modern, clean and very spacious for the 5 of us girls.it was easy to get to the strip by walking or by taxi.i will definitely stay here again!
4	My stay was from Sep5-8th. When we arrived at 1pm I was expecting the long lines and wait that so many complain about. There was none. In fact, we walked right up to the check in counter and even got a room. No waiting for 3pm etc. We stayed on 10th floor. Right off from the elevators which I like. The room was clean, smelled nice and all the linens, towels, and glasses were clean.Everything inside the room that we used worked. We had a normal room, with the small kitchenette. Complete with coffee maker, dishwasher and refrigerator. The bed was super comfortable. I was surprised at how good it felt since most hotel beds are either to soft or to hard. The bed came with six pillows, a nice touch.We had no problem with the house cleaning staff. Our room was cleaned daily and usually before 2pm. Great job!Over all this was an outstanding place to stay for our short trip. Security is stationed at the elevators 24/7, the entire staff were friendly and helpful and the entire hotel from our room to the lobby restrooms were clean. Now some of my cons. The pool bar is a RIP OFF.  14 dollars for a Dixie cup size drink of liquor??? That is insane. You are supposed to a be a guest at the hotel, not a victim to a robbery. You were not allowed to bring any refreshments into the pool area such as bottled water, soft drinks etc. Bottled water or beer were 7 dollars!!  Seriously??? Come on.The only other thing was the outside glass of the building was dirty. A clear view out of the window was not possible but I don't make a big deal out of this, I mean it is sitting in a sandbox and I am not sure how often they may clean the windows. I will certainly look into staying at PH Towers again, but next time I will sneak in my own drinks to the pool.
5	LOVE THIS HOTEL!! SO FUN! Great rooms, perfect location! Love it!
4	I have nothing but wonderful words to describe my stay at Planet Hollywood Towers Westgate!Our two bedroom king suite was HUGE yet at the same time practical with two bathrooms, a full kitchen with utensils, a half kitchen in one of the rooms, a jacuzzi, two sofa beds, four plasma televisions plus one huge projection screen.All this cost us around $300/night, but I think it's because my friend got a discount so the actual price would be a bit higher. I would definitely book another stay here, but with all these amenities I don't know how I'm ever going to leave the room!
4	The ideal place for the young, hip and most importantly, budget conscious.Decided on this place to be homebase for my fiancee's birthday weekend blowout in Vegas because of the location and price. Each night was an average of around $125. At check-in, we tried the $20 dollar sandwich trick. (When you hand your credit card and ID, put a $20 in between and ask the desk clerk what upgrades are available) The lady thanked us profusely for the tip and said 'we were getting hoooooked up' We were hoping for an upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite, but she gave us a room in a higher floor. Room 3623 gets you a view of the north end of the strip with the Eiffel Tower and WynnCore.The room is huge and very spacious. There's even room for an aerobed in between the kitchen and sofa. The bathroom door was a glass door which was kinna weird cuz you can tell what business was being done. The plates and cups and whole kitchen was great for late night eating and all day drinking.There's a security guard at the entrance to the elevators so make sure you have your key with you or else they won't let you through. Thanks Planet Hollywood Towers!
3	This is a great hotel for those in their 20s who want to visit Vegas. The suites are a decent price for the size and there are TVs and mirrors everywhere for all the girls to get ready for the Vegas nightlife. The one bedroom suite comes with a spacious living area with an L-shaped red  leather couch with a pull-out queen bed, a kitchen area with dining table for six, king sized bed with a jacuzzi next to it, a bunch of flat screen TVs everywhere, and a floor-to-ceiling projector. Checking in and out was a breeze, but unfortunately we hit a few bumps after I came home to find my credit card was charged an extra $300!! I called to inquire about it and they told me it was due to an excessive cleaning fee. I asked what the problem was, because you normally only get charged if something was broken, and their answer was that security and housekeeping did a report and took pictures of the "excessive mess" we have made. I asked them to email the pictures and they failed to do so and just send me a copy of the bill again. We did not leave a mess, it was mainly sheets and towels on the floor. There was no possible way that our room could have been deemed as excessively dirty. We did stay for four days, but requested not to have room service and cleaned up after ourselves, obviously it wouldn't be sparkling clean. After many frustrating phone calls, they apologized and offered to take the fee off and refund $300.I would stay here again since they offer great rooms and a decent price, but hopefully this whole excessive cleaning fee fiasco does not happen again.PS: Make sure you stay at PH Towers by Westgate at Planet Hollywood, the condo/timeshare that is connected to Planet Hollywood. I'm assuming the rooms would not look like these at the regular Planet Hollywood.
3	The first day I was here, the drunken, attention-seeking hussies* from the weekend party crowd were still here. The lobby was littered with girls in tiny little dresses, 5 inch heels, and the entire line of Sephora on their face. One girl was so trashed, she was walking around with the bottom of her dress up to her waist and didn't notice. Or did she do that on purpose? The rest of the week, it was pretty quiet here. I like where the hotel is located because it's away from the casino and I'm not tempted to play slots every time I leave of go back to my room :)The room itself is pretty nice. It's modern, clean, and has a tiny kitchen. I stayed in the studio. The view is not bad. I can see The Signature and Aria. Also there's a view of our pool so I can check to see if it's crowded or not. I actually had very little experience with the customer service of the hotel staff. Check in took a while- even though there were only 2 people ahead of me. But I think it was because the people checking in were asking a lot of questions. It didn't take me long to check in and the guy was really nice. The room is pretty sparse if you are looking for any info about the hotel. No room service menu or all those magazines about the hotel or Vegas. Overall, the hotel is decent. Walking around the mall is a bit of a hassle because the kiosk venders are really pushy.*I had originally written this review with a different word describing these girls and got critiqued for it. So "hussies" it is!
4	I stayed here for my bachelorette party weekend.  We got a complimentary upgrade to the 4-bedroom penthouse, which was pretty pimp for what we paid and had plenty of space to house 18 of us.  The pool is pretty rad and it's FREE.  You'll find the same type of scene at any of the pool clubs like Encore Beach (where entrance fee and lines are ridiculous), but not as douchey.  Only thing I didn't like about PH Towers was the 11am check-out (they don't do late check-out), so not doable when you and the rest of your crew have been drinking all night/all weekend.  Keep in mind this place is bachelor/bachelorette central because of the huge, affordable suites, so if you are trying to avoid the party crowd, this is not the place for you.
4	Very nice, clean and convenient hotel. Staff was very nice and helpful. Rooms have good views and are very modern. The TV is so modern it takes some getting use to but I didn't use it a whole lot. Only problem I had was you couldn't get any cold water in the sink only hot. I mentioned it to the front desk but it didn't get fixed. It is a bit of a walk to get coffee or breakfast in the morning. I would stay there again.  Center of Strip but pretty far from Monorail system.  I walked where I was going and took cabs back.
5	I don't think I've ever stayed at a hotel as luxurious and amazing as PH Towers. The suite we had was close to 2000sq ft and had all the amenities you would expect from a high end hotel in Las Vegas. My favorite part of the room was probably the GIGANTIC HD projector screen that rolled over the big window in the living room. It made watching Monday Night Football extremely realistic. Everything about this place is top class. The service was excellent from everyone ranging from the front desk to the maid service. I will definitely stay here every time I visit Vegas.
4	Probably the best place to stay if you're coming with a huge group of people who want to stay in one room. Booked a 2 BR suite for the weekend but ended up upgrading to a 3 BR for an additional $100. SOOO worth it. Came with a group of 11 people and there was more than enough space for all of us to sleep. They even comped us a roll away bed. We probably could've comfortably fit 3-4 more people in our room. There was a full kitchen, dining table, and huge projector screen that the boys DEFINITELY took advantage of..*ahem*. Our bathroom had a gorgeous view of the strip that you could gaze out at while taking a shit or getting ready for the club scene. Only thing is everything in our room kept breaking...one of the screens in the room fell apart, curtains coming off the shower rod, speakers not working...oh well we made it work and still had an EPIC weekend in vegas!
5	Great place, with great people. I've met a handful of good people at the towers.
5	Love this place...we had a 3 bed room suite had a kitchen and everything! Its a good place to stay at because it has its own mall downstairs at the Mile Mall so if you ever need anything all you need to do is go downstairs
5	The Penthouse is great. Two living rooms, two bathrooms, two kitchens, a jacuzzi in one room, a projector tv, washer and dryer. So amazing.
4	My favorite hotel on the strip!The 2 bedroom is huge!  It's big enough to fit around 25 people.  Jacuzzi, 2 king sized beds, 2 pull out beds, and a lot of living room space.   Room also comes with a fridge, dishwasher, sink, stove, microwave, laundry machine, projection screen, loud stereos, etc.If you plan on going with a big group I highly recommend staying here.  It's a good size and a very good location.
4	I had my bachelorette party here :-) We fit seven girls in a two bedroom and had plenty of room for more, like 3 or 4 more. The bathroom was huge which is great for a bunch of girls putting makeup on at once.The room was clean. The attendants were helpful.They ran out of valet parking spots -_-They are across the street from Aria (we walked) and you can walk down the towers to the miracle mile shops. The most awesome time ever. We saved lots of money using the fridge and stove in the room. I would certainly go back.
4	This place has pretty cool rooms. It is about a block or two off of the strip. The two bedroom suite with the living room between is huge. We stayed here for a bachelor party that included 7 guys. More than enough room for all of us. There were two regular beds and two pull outs. The hotel connects to the Planet Hollywood Casino through a series of shops. Definitely worth staying here if you are with a big group of people. I would stay here again if I came with a group.
4	The toilet was the first thing I noticed upon entering (long drive + big bottle of water) and it was black, which gave me pause. Was it clean? How could I be sure?  I was still pondering this a few seconds later while seated and noticed scuffs  along the wall and a missing strike plate on the door. I looked to my left and noticed scum stains on the tub, the tub that just moments before I had planned to bathe in, because it had jets and seemed like an adventure....Hmmm....it was obvious some "times" had been had in this room...These details might turn some patrons off to the hotel and the Planet Hollywood conglomerate all together. In my eyes, however, they were just intriguing little quirks like freckles or tiny scars. Things to know--location is great!- Pool area was just "ehhhh..."-Lots of food and shopping options within the hotel.-If you plan to Self Park enter the lot on Audria St. Its a more direct route to the lot without having to go through the windy maze at the front entrance off of Harmon. - All rooms have small kitchen areas that include a: fridge, sink, dishwasher, plates, glasses utensils and a coffee pot. All are very convenient!
4	Stayed at the PH Towers for two nights with two of my girlfriends... they upgraded us to a bigger Suite than we had booked... a nice one bedroom suite with a full sized kitchen!! Dishwasher even!!! when you close the shades (electronic) its a projector screen!! in the bedroom also.. the bedroom had a jacuzzi tub... it took a while to fill so didnt turn on the jets but me and my girls put on our swim suits and sat in the water for fun and drank our bubbly.. love the Marilyn photo on the wall and love all the black and red colors.. everyone at the PH was great... we especially loved Jennifer the Manager of the Planet Dailey Cafe.. Logan the waiter that works the graveyard shift is super fabulous too... we also had a great dealer when we played Roulette.... really loved this hotel.. only down fall and why its not 5 stars is we didnt get to use the jets in the tub and although upgraded we had a view of the parking garage.. I would request a higher floor next time and view of the Eiffel Tower which I know they have!! and other down fall is you have to walk thru the mall if coming from off the strip... so little bit of a walk but it wasnt too bad... Rock Bar is awesome also... we will be back!
4	One of the nicest rooms i ever stayed in. The rooms have a full kitchen (no stove or oven) so dont plan on cooking, beautiful floor to ceiling view, jacuzzi, washer and dryer. The only problem i had was the staff, I was giving a warning for having my music up to loud which i used the equipment they provided. My second warning came about two hours later because i was talking to loud. The security officer then let me know that i would be asked to leave on my next warning. I checked out the hotel and stayed my last two days at Stratosphere. Staff was rude but i would stay there again. check out the room on this link..  http://youtu.be/WyRRhdWcDUI
3	As college students on a budget, Planet Hollywood definitely was the way to go bigger groups like for my friends 21st birthday bash. We got a 2 bedroom suite and a complimentary 1 bedroom suite. The two bedroom suite had a queen bed and a pull out couch in one room, a queen bed and a lounge chair that one person can sleep on, and the living room had a pull out couch sectional that 3 people can sleep on. So that 2 bedroom suite alone can fit 10 people quite comfortably. The one bedroom suite was the same but without one queen and the extra pull out couch. Projector screen that pulls down over the wall tall windows, bar seating area complete with a full kitchen, appliances, and supplies, and LOTS of towels. I did find it odd that the bathroom didnt have a way to turn on a vent. Who wants to smell 10 people's worth of poop? Okay I exaggerated but still...Odd. The hotel overall is a world in itself with lots of shopping, Fat Tuesdays, Earl's sandwiches, Panda Express, Pinkys, coffee shops and other  food options. It is so big that we found it tiring walking from the strip to our hotel room every time but it was worth it. The taxi people are nice but the security people caused me to walk back and forth for 20 minutes between the old part of Planet Hollywood and the Towers, trying to find where the airport shuttles pick up people. I was SO annoyed when I found out that their lack of direction made us waste our shuttle token because we ended up just taking a taxi since we missed the shuttle. The pool for Towers is nicer than the Orig PH but good luck finding a spot to lounge. Tip: If you are staying higher up and are checking out, MAKE SURE YOU LEAVE EARLY. I was trying to get to the pool at the same time check out was going on and the people in front of me waiting for the elevator said they were waiting for ~20 minutes. Crazy. I just took the stairs since I didnt have luggage on me. Overall: I dont think I would stay here again unless we had a super large group again.
4	Hands down the best bang for your buck if you're planning to stay with a large group of people.  We were able to fit 10 people into the two bedroom suite comfortably.  Kudos for having complete blackout blinds which doubles as a projector screen.  Extra brownie points for having a jacuzzi tub in the room, as well as some speakers with an audio jack (in case you want to bring a party back to your room).  Security guards near the elevators can be cumbersome if you don't have your key, but front desk was able to solve any keycard issues I had initially without a hitch.
4	probably my favorite place that i have stayed at in vegas so far (i have stayed at the signature at MGM, Riviera, Venetian, and MGM Grand).  The rooms are pretty big, we got the 2 bedroom suite which was just the king studio suite attached to a 1 bedroom suite by the doors that you can open to connect the rooms.  i feel if we would have gotten a corner room it would have been different and better, but this room still worked out perfectly fine.  we had 8 people, so there was enough sleeping room for everyone easy with their being the 2 king beds and the 2 queen pullouts.  I will say though, the sofa itself seemed a lot more comfortable than the queen pullouts, and 2 of my friends who were in the room agreed to it also.  the smaller room (king studio) is smaller with just the king, a queen pullout, and then a typical hotel bathroom, a small kitchen with dishwasher, mini fridge, and microwave and then floor to ceiling windows and a TV.  the living room of the 1 bedroom suite was very nice with the full kitchen (however you do not get pans to cook stuff unless you own the room?  wtf?!  i feel sorry for the guy downstairs cause i gave him an earful when they told us that when we wanted to cook bacon).  it has a very nice granite/marble table that is perfect for beer pong, however that table is really hard to move cause it weighs a ton.  then there is the huge L shaped sofa which has a queen pullout, 2 TV's, and the projector that goes against the shades when they are down.  I will say though, the ice maker in the freezer of the room is very slow.the main king bedroom is attached to it's own bathroom and then to the living room.  that bedroom has a king bed, and some weird recliner thing that i was extremely comfortable along with its own TV and then the jacuzzi tub right next to the bed.  then you go into the bathroom which has toilet, shower, sinks.overall, the 1 bedroom suite part is very roomy, the king studio is a little cramped, but the rooms were really nice, layout was good, amenities were nice.  the projector made it really nice for watching football since it was a little too cold for the poolparking was not a problem at all, we just parked in the general parking.  go to level 3 of the structure because then you can walk right into the lobby of the westgate towers without having to go through the miracle mile shops and it makes it easycheck in is not supposed to be until 4pm, but we ended up getting in at 3:30am on friday and were not supposed to check in until later.  we went to the front desk to see if we could check in early but they said not at the moment but to check back at 6am and they would see.  we came back at 6am and they said we could get our reserved 2 bedroom suite if we wanted which we did, but they also gave us the option of waiting until 11am at the earliest to upgrade to a higher floor for $11 a night, or a penthouse for $100 a night, but some people in our group were dead tired so we just took our normal room.  i will probably take advantage of those options next trip though.  Valet was not there to have bell hops take our bags up at that time in the morning though which was a bummer because we had a ton of booze and other bags to take up, but it took us maybe 3 trips so it wasn't too badoverall, i would absolutely stay here again in the future as the rooms were huge, prices weren't bad, staff was nice, location on the strip is pretty good too.  only things i didn't like were the supposed cooking utensils only for owners, and having to show your key everytime you want to go to your room. but i guess that is becoming the new thing as many hotels in vegas do that
4	We were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite on the 53rd floor with a view of Paris. It was absolutely gorgeous and impressive!!  The jacuzzi in the room was also off the chain. Don't fall for the deals they try to offer you at the "marketing department" in front of the lobby. We agreed to a 1.5 hr timeshare presentation by Westgate, and it turned out to be 2.5 hrs, even after I expressed concern, we were pretty much held captive.  That is my only complaint, that the marketing dpt claims one thing and something else actually happens.  They try to pressure you to buy timeshares (worst investment ever!).  Plus, I would never make a spur of the moment decision!  I just felt that this whole scheme reflects badly on such a beautiful hotel.
3	this is a good place to stay if you want a suite without paying a fortune. we had the 2 BR. very large living area with a super cool movie screen/projection system that comes down over the windows. Full kitchen and Full-size fridge for getting your pre-game on. Newer property and not totally trashed yet.The negatives - you are going to do a TON of walking. Access to PH from the towers is by walking through the Miracle Mile mall. Second, the pool is waaaay too small for the property and only slightly less tragic than the pool over at PH. Third, most taxis put you out at PH, not the Towers. Again, I refer you to my comment about walking. It can be brutal at 4am. Fourth, they are understaffed. Expect to wait a long time if you need anything. Bell services take forever, as does housekeeping,, if you can even get them to service your room. Good luck with that.
5	The best hotel we've stayed at since coming out here in the last 12 years bar none.
4	ENTIRE PH Westgate Tower is smoke-free. That is a huge plus as some hotels attempt to mask the odor of smoke. Room was clean, trendy, and a decent size. Cell phone service in the room was horrid. You would surprisingly have better service the further away from the window you stood. Wi-Fi is available for purchase if you really need it. If you don't have a view of the strip, you're facing a parking garage which isn't much of a visual treat.Beware of the "Welcome Desk" as they try to lure you with free meals and deals by committing to a tour of the facility in hopes you would purchase a unit. Adjacent to Miracle Mile and at times the walk to the strip & the Planet Hollywood casino was lengthy. When in Vegas, I would not not stay at PH Towers again but try another nearby hotel like The Cosmopolitan.
1	I'm giving this place one star b/c i have to but it's actually ZERO stars. If the following qualities are what you are looking for in a hotel, then this hotel is perfect for you.- no valet service Fri-Sun "Lot is FULL" all the time- hotel guests have to self park Fri-Sun unless you are a Timeshare owner- valet did not help us with our bags when we checked in- missing hotel items: ice bucket, glasses, extra blankets in the closet- we had a coffee maker but no coffee pot- stayed on the 51 & 53rd floor but the ice vending machine is on the 50th floor. *shakes head*- yellow ice came out of our fridge- stains in fridge and dining chairs- horrible plumbing!- awful customer service- inconsistent thermostat, varying room temps in bedroom and living space- RUDE front desk, I called for an extra blanket but they said I reached my maximum and was not allowed another blanket. WTF? The guy who answered the phone (named Alex) hung up on me after I said I was cold. Who does that? I called the front desk again and wanted to file a complaint to the manager BUT of course they said the Manager Debbie was busy and that they would have her call me back. Of course I never got a call back or a voicemail. This was the worst hotel experience in Vegas or any other hotel I've ever stayed at. I will never stay here or at Planet Hollywood Casino again. They said that the Westgate Towers just uses the PH name for marketing purposes, and that they're not a part of the PH Casino but I don't care. Westgate is giving them a bad name and for that I boycott this place. The only positive thing that came out of this trip was the bigger upgraded room from Adam. He was totally awesome and tried to make our stay better on the first day but it just went down hill from there. Our large room is not worth all the f'ed up shit we had to go through. And on top of all the BS, they tried to sell us timeshares! WTF? are you srs? How does a hotel expect to sell timeshares when they treat their hotel guests like second class ppl???
1	SMOKE FREE  SURE!!! Customer service is horrible.  The 1 bedroom suite smelled like smoke. Cig burns in the bathroom and around the tub.  Called down ask for a room change and was told no dice we need to send up HK supervisor.  1hr later no call no show.  I called down they said we are second on the list.  20 min later called down and they sent an older gentleman up to spray the room to mask the smell.  If you want to go to Vegas and feel unappreciated and spend $200 a night PLEASE stay at the towers.  The staff at PH made us feel like cattle just passing through.  Manager Robert Leach was unhelpful and made me feel like I needed to do all the footwork in order to improve my stay at his hotel.  Warning stay anywhere but here!!!!!
5	you cant beat the 1 bedroom suite it is amazing! Projector TV, TV in every room including the bathroom, hot tub, and full kitchen!? It cannot be... but it is and when you leave your hotel you are in the shopping mall, then on the strip I will definitely stay here again, this may be the only place that I stay in Vegas from here on out. Just wish they had free wifi...
4	Pretty cool.  the rooms have these insane projector screens.  I did not like the fact that there was no casino in the lobby and they did not heat their outdoor pool.  other than that, it was great....
5	Absolutely loved it, went down for new years this year, and as i had booked it though priceline, I wasnt sure what i was getting myself into, but the place was brilliant, esp. the ambience and decor. Its also right  on the strip so everything is walking distance. Paid about 240 a night through priceline ( as it was new year's eve so slightly on the higher side).
4	Just spent nearly five nights (left on a red eye on the fifth night) at Planet Hollywood Towers and we had an AMAZING time. In a nutshell, this place is clean, modern and probably the best bang for your buck on the strip.We (my husband and I) went to Vegas for the first time over the New Year's holiday with two of our friends who have been before. I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel because I was under the impression it was "off the strip". In reality, it is slightly off the strip, but connected easily through the Miracle Mile shops which lead right out to the strip. Having the Miracle Mile shops were actually a good thing because we had several great meals (see other reviews) and everything that you could need was easily accessible including food, bars, shopping and the casino.FIRST IMPRESSIONUpon arrival, we were extremely impressed with our room. The four of us stayed in a one bedroom suite with an adjoined king bedroom. We ended up paying about $400 per person for the hotel and we all felt that it was well worth it. If we were younger and cared less about personal space, we could have easily fit a total of 8 people which would have cut the cost in half.SIDE NOTE: We ended up getting a AAA membership to save an additional $200 on the room rate. The membership was only $60...As mentioned in other reviews, this is a smoke free hotel, which is a huge plus on my list. One of our friends is a smoker and I think she was content with the smoking area off of the lobby. It is just a trip down the elevators, on the right, out the door. THE ROOMAs mentioned, the decor is very modern and well maintained. I'm a total clean-freak and this place was spotless. The suite amenities did not disappoint and included; full kitchen with seating for six around a raised table, large sofa sectional, projector TV, jacuzzi tub, huge bathroom...The only disappointing aspect of our room was the view of the parking lot. Others mentioned an option to upgrade to higher floors with a view for an extra $10 a night, which we totally thought was worth it, but after calling the hotel several times before check-in, this can only be done upon arrival. We arrived around 6:00pm on the Thursday before New Year's and were disappointed to find out that all of the higher rooms were occupied by timeshare holders, so we were stuck with the 12th floor. Even still, we didn't spend all that much time in the room (other than early morning and our scheduled mid-day naps) and while we were in the room, we usually kept the shades down anyway. Had we had a better view, maybe this would have been different.Ladies, don't waste the space in your suitcase for a hairdryer because the ones provided work great. Not those little ones that are stuck to the wall, but a full size, regular hairdryer.THE NEGATIVESThe housekeeping system at this hotel is very strange...since we had an adjoined room, it was really two rooms. One housekeeper was assigned to the smaller room and another was assigned to the suite. This wouldn't have been such a big deal, but one day, the room was cleaned and the suite wasn't, so we had over flowing garbage and ran out of toilet paper. When we asked the woman who was cleaning the room, she said that she wasn't assigned to the suite and that someone else would show up...but they never did. We called down to housekeeping, but they still didn't come until the next day.I had a FedEx package (containing my New Year's Eve dress) sent to the hotel. I was on edge waiting for it New Year's Eve day hoping that it would get there. Since you have to pay for Internet, we just decided to use our cell phones. I checked my phone around 1:00pm and it said the package was delivered at 9:30am. I thought that was a long time to be waiting for the package, but it was New Year's day and they were busy. I had to contact the front desk and they immediately sent someone to find my package and had it delivered to our room.We had food delivered to the hotel (details below) and the bellhop was USELESS and RUDE. We ended up coordinating among us to carry three cases of water, case of Coke, case of Corona and a bunch of grocery bags to avoid waiting for an eternity and giving him a tip.All-in-all...nothing tragic.THE MUST DOsThanks to another review we read, we ordered a few staple groceries, snacks and beverages using Vons.com to be delivered to the hotel. This was one of the best decisions we made because we saved money and time. There are ABC stores in the Miracle Mile shops, but they are a bit pricey and have a limited selection. Ordering from Vons.com is like ordering directly from a grocery store that carries liquor. IF YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING ELSE...DO THIS.
4	The Vegas show was awesome. However $80.00 a person to watch no named actors dance and sing ummm ok. I could watch that on the strip. It was all right but little too much. I was glad to have a date night with my wife.
4	For the first time we decided to try out "family Vegas", could Vegas still be a blast with a baby?  It started with finding the right accommodations and we certainly found it with the two bedroom suite a ph towers.  So for a young family visiting Vegas I liked:- attached to mall, easy access to food that many of the hotels don't have.- walking through mall to get to your room is much better than a stinky smoky casino.- crib for the baby, arrived promptly on request, free of charge.- giant projection tv which for a change we actually used when babysitting the little one...a very smart addition to the room.- modern decor, one of the newer hotels in Vegas and it shows, very nice.- the price, 290 for 2 bedrooms, very reasonable.  One of the few hotels in Vegas that is set up to have what actually is a two bedroom suite (not just two ones with a door).Didn't like:- the service was a bit spotty, either very prompt and friendly or nonexistent.  I've come to lower my expectations a lot when it comes to service in hotels in Vegas, competition is cutthroat, room prices are dirt cheap, and they are cutting back on staff and customer service to survive.  If customer service is very important to you I suggest you check out one of the higher end hotels in Vegas (mandarin oriental?).Will definitely consider returning here...if I'm not tempted by one of the other great spots like cosmopolitan or aria
5	I LOVE the westgate towers! Why? * Jacuzzi tub * Washer/Dryer combo in the bathroom* Kitchenette with plates/cups/utensils (although I was wary about using them)* FOUR TVs in one suite * Lots of room!* Projector screen * Ceiling to floor windows (but with the best shades EVER to keep out the sun during the day time)I feel like a boss here AND the prices are affordable. The decor is really appealing to a younger crowd but I can see how a family would enjoy these suites as well.Plus, Fat Tuesdays and Earls are right downstairs. Definitely a win in my book.  I do wish their room service (for food) was 24hrs though! P.S. Unlike the TV listing, Food Network is actually one channel below (I believe it says it's 39 but it's actually 38!) :P
5	The room I was fortunate to stay in is amazing. 1 bedroom with a full kitchen. Who does that in a Vegas hotel room. Finding this hotel by car is a little tricky because you get easily confused with the Planet Hollywood. The lobby is very chic.The elevator even has a cool feel to it. I would definitely put this on my top 5 places to stay while in Vegas.
4	My husband and I stayed for 6 nights ( 30th Dec- 3rd Jan 2012). The studio room overlooked airport;view is amazing. There is jaccuzi in bathroom. The only concern is no stove top to cook ( other things like dishwasher, coffe maker, toaster and microwave) . The bed is cozy and huge. I loved it
4	This spot is crackin!   Went on NYE and it was the spot to be.  Very fancy and classy.  I'd go back.  Lost hella money though, damn...
1	Ok so, I was here halloween weekend-2011..first and last time I will ever stay here. I'm only giving them 1 star because I have to. I was there 7 times last year including this visit and thought to try them out as my final one for the year. WORST idea ever. 1. This coked out lady checked us in (but whatever, its Vegas), we were super tired and didn't want to wait till check in time so we paid the extra money to get a room ASAP. Not only was she on one but we got a room we didn't even want. Us, being nice, decided to ignore it but now thinking about what happened next.. we shouldve filed a complain. 2.When we were heading home, bell service came up and got our bags. He went on a separate elevator than us, but whatever happened between then and when this other bell service guy brought our bags to our car is UNKNOWN. My bf and his friend put everything that was in the cart in the trunk, not thinking that any of our bags were missing. Well, I get home and my bag wasn't in the car. Just awesome. No charger, all of my clothes, make up, not to mention shoes, bathing suits and everything a girl would bring to vegas. I called PH right away, filed a complaint. It took them about 2-3 months to get back to me on this and then decided they weren't at fault. PH said their cameras didnt capture any footage of us... REALLY? correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure there's cameras in the casino, especially in the hallways from the room to the elevator and from the elevator to valet. I would never expect PH to treat a customer like the way they did. So much for trying them out. Cosmo, Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, MGM, even Balleys and Imperial Palace gave me way better service. Thanks PH. lost around $500 or more worth of stuff.
2	Stayed here in  December in a two bedroom suite. I was disgusted when I showed up and had to self park cause the valet lot was full. It was definitely not the I have arrived experience. The jacuzzi tub in the room was broken but I didn't bother complaining after long night out and already making a few calls to the front desk for other problems. The Media center and TV's didn't work properly they did send up a tech and it was fixed. If things had worked it would have been a much better experience. The room also didn't have an Iron and lacked soap.  I liked the location with the mall and surrounding casinos. Had everything worked in the room It  would have been given a better review.  Considering the amount of problems with the room really makes me question the integrity and upkeep of the rooms. It is a No Smoking facility which can be appreciated.
5	Great hotel! for a great price! the rooms are huge, you'll feel like a BOSS! more of a younger crowd 21+ at this hotel which i enjoyed. "EARL'S" sandwiches and "LOBSTER ME" right down stairs. Tons of shopping malls and liquor stores, the only reason you'll leave this hotel is to go clubbing. I plan to stay here again on my next vegas trip*stayed in the King one bedroom suite-projector tv-jacuzzi get tub in the bed room-full kitchen-pull out couch -tv in bathroom-washer and dryercon: - i only got phone reception in certain areas in the room- no free wifi
4	Not too shabby when you're rolling ten heads deep! My main concern was having a decent place to sleep after a hard night of partying. We stayed in the two bedroom suite and there was no shortage of places to sleep. One bedroom had a king bed and a lounger type dealie. The other bedroom had another bed with a couch that pulled out. The living room was a big ass sectional that also had a pull-out couch. The only bummer was a shortage of blankets and towels. I called the front desk for extra towels and it took about 20 minutes, shorter than I expected!The kitchen was nice. Big fridge to store all of our liquor and food leftovers. There were plates, cups, and flatware. There was a stove but no pots & pans. There were hella tv's in that mug too. One in the kitchen area, one in the living room, a projector in the living room, for when you pull down the window shade. One tv in each bedroom as well.I didn't mind having to walk through the Miracle Mile to get to the casino & to the rest of the strip but then again, we didn't venture too far.
5	PH towers is definitely affordable and the rooms are so modern and pretty. This hotel is for the younger crowd. The pool is basically a pool party. I wouldn't want to bring my kids here. The suites are HUGE. You can definitely sneak in 20 people.... (shh) kitchen, jacuzzi, a projector in the living room. Of course we were to busy gambling, partying and painting the city red to utilize any of these amenities.
4	My friends and I stayed here in August and had an amazing time.  We came here for my friend's birthday...all 15 of us...and reserved one of their 2 bedroom suites.  Talk about amazing and worth every penny.  First off the room was not that expensive.  For two nights we paid around 800 - 1000 dollars.  Some of you may be thinking WHOA!! 1000 dollars for 2 nights.  Take into account this suite was hugeeeeeeee.  Also take into consideration that it came with a kitchen, fridge...were talking like french doors type of fridge....and plenty more.  Two very large bathrooms and a crazy 80" projection screen to watch tv on.  By the way, you can raise that screen and behind it is a large window where you get a decent view of some of the surrounding hotels.  The other thing I have to say is they are not very strict on how many people are in the room.  They do have a guard or someone like it at the elevators who checks your room key before you can proceed any further, but even that was pretty easy to get by.  When the front desk lady asked how many keys I would need I basically asked how many I could get.  She gave me the answer of however many you need.  So I asked for 4 at first and got another 2 later on just in case.  I would say the best thing about this place was the fact that we made so much noise and not once did we get a complaint.  I think being in any sort of suite you sort of get that luxury but this was definitely surprising because we definitely played our music as loud as we could get it.  The only thing that made me give this place a 4 star rating was because of one situation that happened in the beginning of our trip when we checked in.  In a nutshell my cousin was the one who booked the room on her credit card.  Since there were so many of us we gave her the money up front.  I ended up getting to the hotel a few hours before my cousin and instead of waiting tried to get an early check in.  The hotel allowed it...another plus...but asked for a credit card so they could have it on file.  When I asked what I would be charged for on my card the front desk person said it was for any charges that the room incures during our stay (Room Service, Alcohol, etc.).  I said OK and gave her my card.  No problem.Once we got home and I had a chance to check all my statements I found there to be a 400 dollar charge on my credit card.  Basically, because I checked us into the room and not my cousin, they charged the first night on my credit card and the second night on my cousins.  Not necessarily a big deal, just wish they would have been up front with me about it.  So because of that they get 4 stars.Also, it probably is not a good place for a family to stay.  The average person was probably age 21-35.
4	Bachelorette Party in the house! Let me just say this hotel is perfect for large parties! I stayed here in August with about 15 girls in a two bedroom suite. There are 2 King beds, a huge couch in living room, kitchen, and an in-suite HOT TUB! For those who don't know, I love hot tubs! If there is one nearby, you'll find me in it. It doesn't sound like all of us had a place to sleep, but we made due with airbeds and the sofa sleepers. After all, it's not a party unless we all sleep together! ;)As nice as this hotel was, it's not on the strip which kinda made it harder for us to get around. You could walk through to PH through the mall that connects the two hotels though, but girls in heels typically don't like walking so much. It also doesn't have a casino, so you'll have to head to PH if you want to gamble nearby.If you're hungry, check out Earl of Sandwich at PH. OMG, good thing you guys can't see the drool from my mouth right now. Open 24 hours and YES, it's good!
3	This place is OK if your a man and in your twenties.  The employees wear very little and like to dance above the gamblers.  It's loud, smokey and has cheap food.  Lesson learned again!  You get what you pay for.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas so far!It's new, young, hip and full of energy! Traveled to Vegas with my family not too long ago, and decided to book a couple of rooms with PH towers! It's located in the middle of the strip so it's perfect! The Miracle Mile Shop is also located downstairs! very convenient especially with the ABC store and other food places in there!The hotel looked very inviting from the lobby to the room! The beds were comfortable and the view from the 37th floor was breathtaking.. especially at night! It's a nice little touch that they personalize the television when you turn it on and how the blinds are controlled with just one touch of a button! There's also a doorbell and buttons to control the privacy settings for house cleaning!Room service was also good... Their food was delivered a lot sooner than they say and was good, but too pricey!THE ONLY RUDE STAFF I encountered was one of their cab boys! He was some Hispanic dude with a tattoo. This dude was trying to hustle my family and I to take one of their vans instead of two cabs for a "cheaper price". I'm not stupid homeboy each cab ride only cost about ten bucks and you're trying to get ten - fifteen dollars more out of us. After i said no like 5 times he made a comment, rolled his eyes, and walked away! Maybe the beanie he was wearing was on too tight..... he's still a joke!
5	Suprisingly, this is the best place I've ever stayed!Wanted to write this review forever, but never had a chance because everything is sooo perfect!  We were upgraded to a mini suite where there's a living room, bedroom and jacuzzi .  For under $85night on price line. I have to say, this is the best place in Vegas.  It was worth every penny!  The bedroom was a corner suite with huge windows.  I remembered the first morning where I woke up because we forgot to close the curtains, we were awaken by the beautiful sunrise.  It really felt like we were in heaven.  The suite itself was really suitable for those who are staying there for more than a couple of days.  They have a small kitchenette with fridge, dishwasher and all the necessary kitchen utensils.  The Sofa was a sofa bed and big enough for another couple to sleep on.  Location is also great!  Even though it's not right on the strip, it's only a 5-10 min walk from the inside of the mall. When you're out, you're basically in the businest part of the vegas strip.I really do suggest families with maybe two kids or 3-4 adults to book this type of room.  The price you pay for is definitely worth every single penny.  I think their regular price for this room is around $120. Still I think it's pretty cheap.
5	Holy $%&^!We got a suite for a random weekend in January, showed up, and were upgraded BIG time.  Thank you PH! As I silently prayed there wasn't a massive earthquake in NV that wknd, I rode the elevator up to the 54th floor.... Awesome....The room was a two bedroom, 4-bedded, two bathroom suite.  There was a kitchen stocked fully with any electronic you'd want (including a filtered fridge that saved us on water for the entire wknd), TV's everywhere, and a large projector that displayed films on a screen that was as large as the panoramic window.  Soooo cool.  We had no problems at all that wknd: no matter how loud we got or how many towels we used, we were given instant service. I even needed a sewing kit and it made its way up to our room STAT.  The hotel is located conveniently within the Miracle Mile shops which allows you to have TONS of options in terms of food/drink/shopping.  THE ONLY THING to keep in mind is parking: you can valet at PH and then trek through the mall with your bags (which is the only way I've done it).  In fact, if you figure out a better way to get into the Towers more expeditiously, please e-mail me to let me know.  Thanks!Can't wait to stay here again!
4	We had a 1600 square ft suite that had a projection screen and ceiling to floor windows that had an amazing view of the south end strip and airport for a decent price. Only complaints are the water pressure, lack of hot water, and the fact that the hotel did not have a shoe shine.
5	huge projector!
4	Stayed here $79/night for a king studio.  Overall, great experience.  Non smoking hotel.  Close to the PH casino and right by the mall.Minor complaints- our room electric shades was not working when we first checked in.  the serviceman took over 30 to arrive.  it was fixed- they overcharged us on the bill, we had to point out the error- no free wifi, $10/24hrs, $20/72hrs
5	The last time I was in Vegas I stayed at the Mandalay Bay (not a bad place). While walking around (drinks in hand) at miracle mall in Planet Hollywood, we saw these girls walking around in their bathing suits with no shoes on. I was like, "what the hell" , I walked a little further and saw the beach entrance of the PH towers. It was love at first sight.I decided to go for my 25th bday in October, the week before Halloween. This place was sooooooo amazing!!! Words can NOT explain how upscale, modern, just breathe taking it was...and that was just the lobby. I did used a travel agent to book.  Upon check in, they asked if I wanted to upgrade to a higher floor only $10/nt a total of only $50 for our entire stay. Our room was on the 55th of 56 floors! the room was SICK!!! It was a total of 3 of us and the 1br room was more than enough room. The staff was really nice, we didnt have any complaints at all. The only problem was the hot tube. We called the front desk and they had someone up within 10 mins Only to find out I didnt fill the tub up enough...OOPS..I guess I had too many drinks. The cleaning crew worked around us, and were very nice. One night we went out and saw one of the front desk girls and she partied with us and showed us an amazing time.All of the kitchen supplies u need are provided....ice maker...dish soap, a washer and dyer combined. it did take 4 hrs. but, start it before you go and its done by the time you get back. You dont have to worry about putting them in the dryer, which i thought was neat!It was just an overall successful trip. I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay! The only bad thing would be, if you invited guest over, you had to go down to get them. Security will not allow them up without a door key. I guess thast a good thing, but it was annoying at times. Thank God the elevators were SUPER fast. It went from like 5 to EZ to floor 55....literally!We had such a great time, my friend wants me to place her bday at the exact same place. PH towers here we come AGAIN!!!
1	Great venue, amenities, decor, probably the best bang for your buck in LV, but the customer service was absolutely horrible. No bellman, valet, or agents to be found. I called down for a hotel extension, hours of valet, location, no operators seemed to have any information. As a local, it was frustrating and tiresome as our level of service exceeds many tourists. Wouldn't stay there again for that reason alone. Everyone working there is lost in the dark.
3	The good:It's cheap (Comes with free room upgrade during midweek)Front desk personnel are courteousThe upgraded 1 bedroom suite is extremely nice with a jetted tub next to the bed.The bad:The bell hop and valet were understaffed, that resulted in the long lines are bell hop and valetThe valet staffs had serious attitude problems, not what we were expecting from a more "upscale" hotel.
4	Stayed here for a bachelor party this past weekend, and we had the two bedroom suite.  Our rate came out to be about $430/nt for President's Day weekend, which didn't seem to bad for how big this suite was.  The good: - Full sized fridge with filtered water and ice- A projector that turns the blackout shades into a giant screen- Dishwasher for cleaning cups- Overall a big room. Fits 8 people very comfortably- Some good and inexpensive food options in the Miracle Mile mall downstairs. And ABC stores for buying only slightly overpriced boozeThe bad:- Two of the four beds are pullouts- They don't give you enough sheets and blankets for all the beds off the bat; you have to ask housekeeping for them. And some of those mattresses are pretty gross- Overall, the room was a little banged up. You can tell it's a party room, and they don't do too much maintenance on them- The granite table is incredibly heavy to move for drinking games. And that chandelier is directly at head level. Ouch- The blackout shades' motor stopped working the last night in one of the roomsIf you're going to Vegas with a fairly big group, this is definitely a good option.  It only came out to be about $30 more a night than getting two individual rooms, but you get the bigger kitchen. Plus, it's pretty moderately priced for being on the Strip.Oh, and tip: if you unplug the white cord from the wall behind the speaker box, you can plug in an iPod for playing music.
3	Stayed here in dec In 2 bedroom suite such a nice hotel except housekeeping wiped out all out liquor and food without even checking to c if we were checked in we had unopened bottles of patron n vodka n Malibu m alot more I'm very disappointed with housekeeping and the hotel for allowing this to happen
5	Is this really happening?? A 2 bedroom penthouse with a kitchen, jacuzzi, giant living room and 2 bathrooms?! It must be a dream! But it's not! Can it get any better than this in Vegas for a highly affordable price?? Suddenly, a huge projector screen covers the gimongous living room window from ceiling to floor! Legen... Wait for it..... DARY!! This place is amazing! I've stayed here twice and I loved it every single time! There were 7 of us guys on our legendary trip and it still felt like we were in a mansion!! There were 2 huge beds, one small bed, a giant pull out couch bed and a smaller psychiatrist-like bed! In addition, we each only paid about $150 for 3 nights, which is way too good of a deal for a place like PH west gate in Vegas! But wait, it gets better... The lobby is huge and is situated next to the shopping mall that is connected to the hotel and casino! Feel like shopping? It's within your grasp! Wanna take a dip? Don't worry about walking 5 miles to your pool because you're basically stepping into the waters when you get to the lobby! What's even better is that Fat Tuesday is 5 minutes away from your hotel! Conveniently locate for you to get your doses of frozen alcoholic slush!! I recommend the octane with a couple extra shots of 151 for an unmemorable trip ;)! You'll also notice that the staff are extremely friendly in the lobby and house-keeping/room-service is fast and efficient! I remember asking for an extra pillow and blanket only but was surprised to get 4 pillows, 2 blankets, and a package of bathroom goodies! :) I definitely had a great sleep that night, as I did the rest of my stay! I will definitely be coming back to West Gate towers when I visit Vegas again!
3	Sttttrike 1...bad valet/bellhop Sttttrike 2...lonnng check in lines..(come on guys, it was a friday and there were maybe 3 people working).Other then that..room was nice, location was nice, price was nice.
1	Stayed here this past weekend and was not impressed at all. The Studio was very small and I needed to upgrade to a 1 bedroom. When I called the front desk, I was told that a Casino Host could sign-off on the upgrade. I went downstairs and verified with the front desk that a Host could sign off on the upgrade. All through the weekend I gambled at Planet Hollywood, and when I checked out, I was told that there was no affiliation with the actual casino. This was a total bait & switch from what I was told. At checkout, the clerk told me she would hold the upgraded room charge on the side until a manager called me, since I was leaving town. NO phone call and they put the charge through after I left.I called the day I saw it on my credit card statement (2 days after) and finally spoke to manager. He provided no understanding or sympathy towards the situation. He only stated that his staff is trained not to say that...well, someone told me that they'd cover it...TWICE!In any case, there are much  nicer hotels to stay at in Vegas that have better amenities. A casino would be nice, clubs, a real gym, and a better pool that doesn't have the sun blocked half of the day by neighboring buildings.All in all, I'd never spend another penny here.
2	Stayed here again recently but with the family and my experience this time around was quite mediocre.  We were on the 55th floor and asked for the vegas strip view.  We had a view but we were located at the back of the building.  So we could barely see the strip through all the hotels/buildings.  Parking was confusing and when we asked where we should park, it was inconvenient.  The queen size bed was comfy but the pull out bed was like a piece of paper on springs.  I had to cushion the pull out bed with the extra pillows so it could be at least a little comfortable.  Also, the pull out bed didn't have any sheets or blankets so we had to request for it.  Housekeeping was quick to deliver, however.  No ice machine on our floor.  Our shower head was broken and was leaking.  I thought it was going to break with one little push to adjust the direction of the water.Since this was a family trip, I was irritated at the young drunk neighbors we had.  They were loud at midnight when they left for their debauchery and extremely loud when they came back to their room at 6am.  Our neighbors across the hall decided to smoke and party in the hallway with their door open.  Awesome!  Thanks for ruining my smoke free environment.
5	Stayed here for only 65 bucks a night (Thanks to Priceline). Upgraded room to 1 King bedroom suite for free.-Conveniently located right near the other big hotels and casinos like Bellagio, Paris, Ceasar's Palace.-Clean, updated, flat screen tvs.Although I was either knocked out or gone half of the time, I enjoyed a wonderful stay.
4	We had a two bedroom suite which was really nice and awesome. It felt like living in a fancy apartment with your friends for a few days. Huge projector to watch movies and tv on and I loooved the shades which allow the room to be completely dark while you sleep in and recover from your hangover. I was a little disappoint that in a nice hotel like this the pillows and blankets weren't down. And the lobby was a really simple and plain compared to all the other Vegas hotels and casinos. Visited Koi the first night for a good time, cheap open bar for goods was a great deal and visited the Pussycat Dolls lounge for a fun time. Got in for free. Nice bouncers, got to dance onstage, and had a blast. Great music too. The pool also seemed really nice, only this was I went in February so we didn't get a chance to swim. I would def stay here again though. Having a mall right under you was great too!
3	came with a small grp for a birthday and they booked this place for 3 nights bc everyone was on a budget (but that didn't matter bc the bday boy took care of the room! so sweet).. we had a 1 bedroom suite and it was big enough to accommodate all of us comfortably.. our suite included a full size fridge, washer/dryer, jacuzzi, and projector.. bottom line, i wouldn't mind staying here again if i was in a group and they wanted to stay here.. but if it were up to me, i'd go elsewhere..
4	booked two rooms here through priceline...when we got to the hotel they couldn't even put us in rooms next to eachother. thankfully they let us upgrade to a one bedroom with a suite attached. couldn't imagine it any other way--we opened all the doors at it was like we were in a two bedroom suite :D we hardly left the hotel, everything you need is right there!
4	If anyone is wondering what happened to PH Towers, it was purchased by The Hilton and rebranded as Elara.  I was nervous when I saw the "Closed" sign on Yelp because I made reservations thru PH Towers, but if you made a reservation before they made the change then your reservation will still be active and at the same rate you bought it at with Elara Hotel.
5	Boyfriend and I went to vegas for our  anniversary. had a great deal on the one bedroom suite. After reading mix reviews, I was worried , but went with the hotel anyways because it was a deal I could not pass up! after entering the room, b.f. And I just had all smiles. It was clean, roomy and soooo comfy. Love the fact we have views in the living room and bedroom. Love the big jacuzzi. The kitchen was an actual full kitchen! Not a half-ass kitchen. It had a stove and everything. Its nice to have a big fridge with an ice maker. Theres also microwave and dishwasher. The bathroom has a washer and dryer under sink! Awesome. Our check in was smooth and I dont know why some people are complaining about noise. We didnt hear much at all. We were close to elevator and heard veryyy little noise. No bug. I love our location because were connected to the miracle mile shop and the casino is just downstairs. Parking was no problem..we parked on 3rd floor which has doors that lead right to our hotel floor.
4	This is probably one of the best deals on the Strip for a big group.  We had a group of five and had the two bedroom suite, which was really a one bedroom suite with a connecting suite.  We had two king sized beds and two queen pullout beds total.  The room also had a washer and dryer, two showers, a kitchenette with a full stove, dishwasher, full-sized refrigerator, and microwave.  Our kitchen also came complete with silverware, dishes, and cups for 6 people.  We had four TVs total, plus the projector screen the size of the living room.  There was plenty of storage and closet space as well as space for everyone to move around and not be in each others' way.  Also, in the large bedroom, we had a huge jacuzzi which was really nice but took quite awhile to fill up since it was so big.Check-in was a breeze but we weren't able to get a Strip view because all of them had been taken already.  We had had the option to upgrade to the penthouse for an extra $100 a night, but for some reason we didn't...  I guess since it was only the five of us?  There's a person by the elevators to check to make sure everyone has a key before going up-- which I think is really nice so that creepers don't follow you up to your room while you're in your drunken state at 5am.The decor in the lobby of the Towers wing is fine, but once in the suite, it was fairly dated and not really what I would call "Hollywood" but more of what someone who is not from LA would think "Hollywood" is like after looking at a people magazine from the '90s and updating it cheesy "Vegas" style.  I guess it kind of feels like what Will Ferrell and Chris Kattan described to their set designers for making "A Night at the Roxbury" and then told them to update it a few years after that movie.A huge bonus though for this hotel is that it's non-smoking!  Once inside the room, it was quite (this means you could be hung-over here in peace, unless you're sharing the room with ten other people).  There was a ton of space to move around, everything was clean when we got to our room, and most of the light bulbs were working.  The shades were awesome and I really appreciated the vents by the windows that allowed fresh air in.  There were plenty of towels and it the linens were nice and clean.  House-keeping did a good job for us, and we could tell they had done a thorough job cleaning up after us (my hair sheds everywhere and I could tell they had vacuumed and swept up really well).The only issues I had were the few burnt out light bulbs, the lack of pots and pans available (however, thanks to yelp, I had brought my own pan for hangover food, a couple cooking utensils, seasonings, and cooking spray for eggs in the morning), and the outdated feel of the decor.  To sum it up: Best deal on the Strip for a large group to stay all together.  Excellent comforts like the full refrigerator, washer and dryer, jacuzzi, and kitchen and dining area.  Plenty of room, even if you had 9 people in the two-bedroom suite.  Plenty of bathroom space for a large group.  And a good place for families with non-smoking and a quite place for the kids.
4	Came here for my bday last year with 10 girls. We booked the suite with two bedroom, a full living room/kitchen. It was one of my favorite trip to LV thus far, it was spacious and the hotel itself was very modern, young and hip. Will come back again to stay.
1	Front Desk Suck! They don't know what they were doing. There was a lot of debit and credit charges on two of our credit cards. One card was used to book the rooms online and the other was for check in (Security Deposit). They were suppose to charge a deposit of $50 per day. But they charge triple the amount. To spare you more details it took over two weeks after my stay to get refunded properly. Who would think that they could go wrong with any more refunds right?!?! Well, PH Tower left me SMH. Never again..... It's a wonder why Hilton decided to buy the towers.
4	Stayed in penthouse suite. Good views. Expensive place
5	I have stayed here 3 different times and always enjoy it. The rooms are always clean and well kept. The suites are large and decorated with a modern, rock feel. They include large drop down projector screens for tv or movies, jacuzzi tub, shower, small kitchen and living room, bedroom with tv, and a bathroom.The prices are decent, you can get a great deal on suites during week days. The pool is awesome, the mall is conveiniently located as well as the casino. There is a nightclub here, restaurants, and its in a good spot on the strip. Not too far from many of the other popular casinos.
