4	I went to their soft-opening tonight :) I was pleasantly surprised by the chic interior - it's hard to guess that from the outside. So go in, and be wow-ed. They were doing a sample-menu style, which included dumpling, salad, appetizer, ramen, and dessert. This was their first night, and service was a bit on the slow side, but cordial. And I didn't mind taking time with the delicious cocktail in my hand - everything on their cocktail menu sounded good.Dumpling (japanese gyoza) tasted like what my mom would make. I had chinese chive + pork, which was a bit salty for me, but had good nostalgic flavor. My bf's veggie dumpling was a winner.I didn't care too much about the salad. I had arugula + cucumber + portabello with sesame dressing. Didn't delight me much. The appetizer poke, on the other hand, melted on my tongue. They served it with pork rind (i know, don't be scared), which added wonderful texture contrast. Veggie pickle was my favorite. It's simple, not "special occasion," but I guess I liked the homey-ness. I want to recreate it at home. Sad to say that ramen wasn't up to the expectation. I have my peculiar tokyo-style ramen liking, so maybe that was the problem. But hmm, 3.5 stars at most. Super creamy ceme brulee wrapped up the meal. It was very nice ending to the evening. I can see myself becoming regular at the bar - sipping the yummy cocktails while munching on the dumpling, pickles, and appetizers. The cool part, I think is that they use ceramics made at Midwest Clay Project just across the street!!
3	The atmosphere, as Melissa J mentioned, is stylish. The lights are fairly low and the noise level is relatively peaceful. It's a very nice and subdued place, which is probably what you'd expect of a more upscale Japanese restaurant lacking a hibachi grill.I went for the grand opening tonight and I was only slightly disappointed: they have a fixed menu with some limited items. There's appetizers, salads, dumplings, ramen, and some desserts. However, there's only several listed for each type. The drinks list is also fairly limited, but if you're into beer and sake-type drinks, you'll be fairly pleased. There are some alternative beverages, but don't expect a lot of soda, wines, or other types outside of this.I got myself a glass of the Chardonnay and the tonkotsu ramen. The Chardonnay was a terrible mistake on my end of things: it doesn't seemingly pair well with anything on the menu, so it was a poor decision, in retrospect. Not their fault on this one.The tonkotsu ramen was good, but not great. It was very mild and soft, but lacked a special flavor. The noodles were good and the char siu pork was incredible. I'd wished they'd put some more in because it'd certainly add some more flavor to the broth.The service was a little spotty, too: it took us a few minutes to be noticed by a staff member who just told us to sit at a bar. Then, when we did, it took about 15 minutes for us to be asked about ordering anything. I understand it was the first night and some things were probably getting worked out, though.Overall, it was a great atmosphere and decent food. A little expensive, but not the worst. I'd come back.
3	Giving it 3 stars for overall atmosphere and the potential the place has, but based on our actual dining experience, I'd probably give it a 2. They are working out the kinks, but overall I'd say less salt (on everything) and tighter service. I was also a bit surprised at the prices. Ramen is generally an inexpensive food, but the prices here are a bit high.
4	I've been waiting for this place to open for months ever since I read an article about it last fall.  When I heard about the grand opening last Friday, some friends and I planned to have dinner there on Sunday.  Sadly, they were closed.  But we found out their hours and a friend and I went there today for lunch.  In short, it was worth the wait!Lunch service at Umami is pretty different from dinner service, or so we were told.  We were seated right away, brought menus, and told to order up at the bar and they would bring us our food.  We decided to go with the trio of foods - dumplings, salad and ramen for $13.  It was a really great deal.  I ordered the Umami Mushroom Arugula salad, Veggie Dumplings with smoked tofu, bok choy and shiitake mushrooms, and Tonkotsu Ramen (pork ramen with egg, roast pork, bamboo shoots, nori and green onions).  The mushroom salad was delicious - shiitake, baby portabello, button mushrooms, red onion, cucumber and cherry tomatoes.  Very fresh greens and vegetables, and the trio of mushrooms were very flavorful.  I loved the sesame soy dressing on this salad.  All of the salads sounded good, so I'm looking forward to trying others.The dumplings were my favorite part of this meal.  I was surprised to get a whole tray of 6 dumplings with my order!  And let me tell you - the dumplings were amazing!  They had the perfect pan-fried crust on the bottom, the dumpling was soft and chewy, and the flavors inside really melded together well.  When I ordered, I was recommended a specific dipping sauce, and I heartily agree that the pairing of the spicy soy sauce with the veggie dumplings was spot-on.  My friend had the pork and chive dumplings with a different sauce, and you could really taste the chive and ginger.  Delicious!Sadly, the ramen was only okay for me.  The roast pork and egg was delicious, but I wasn't too excited about the broth.  The broth was a little bland to me, but then I tend to really love bold flavors.  If the broth was just a little bit richer in pork flavor, it would have made for an excellent bowl of ramen.  Still, the other ingredients - the locally produced noodles, the egg, the nori and the green onions - stood out for me.  The bamboo shoots were a unique flavor, but tasted a little bitter to me.  It's probably more the type of bamboo shoot.  The service was very friendly, but a little unobservant at times when my water glass needed refilling and no one was around.  But the owners are very nice, and they are still getting things finalized.  They did a great job with the atmosphere and the interior.I definitely want to go back for dinner to try out some of their cocktails which I hear are some of the best and most unique in Madison.  I also want to try out some of their other dishes and appetizers because everything sounds so good.  Overall, I give Umami 4 out of 5 stars, and who knows?  That may change to 5 after a few more visits.  :)
3	Hailing from LA/OC, I have pretty high standards when it comes to ramen and I eagerly awaited the opening of Umami. I made it for a weekday lunch. As other reviewers have already stated, the space is very nice/New York chic with a completely new interior and classy bar. The dinner menu looked very similar to the lunch menu and I am assuming that the only difference is really the portion size of the ramen. The cocktail (sake-tini) menu looked quite impressive with classic and original sake-tini recipes. I can't say anything about how they tasted though since it was not quite yet noon when I dropped by, but I will have to return to taste them. The sake list had a nice selection with reasonable price points for glasses/350/500 mL bottles. It's nice to know that there is another place to get good sake in town that is not Sushi Muramoto or Restaurant Muramoto. What I ordered was the salad (mushroom and arugula) and ramen (tonkotsu) lunch portion. They came out quite promptly and the ramen was steaming hot. The salad was fresh and crisp, but a bit overdressed. All in all it was somewhat forgettable. The bowl of ramen was quite inviting, but I was left a bit wanting. First the positive: The noodles had a hearty and toothsome chew and were cooked well. Their "flavor infused egg" had a delightful texture and custardy interior. The chashu was well prepared, but with two very thin (almost deli-meat thickness) cuts, the flavor of roast pork didn't quite shine in comparison with the rich broth. This brings me to the broth...Don't get me wrong, their version of tonkotsu is rich, but richness from the fat/collagen of high temperature boiled bones can not make up for a lack of well...umami...At times I had thought that I accidentally ordered shio (salt) ramen. I did not have an issue with the level of saltiness with this broth. The flavors were just too clean for me to be a tonkotsu. Perhaps next time I would recommend the "garlic bomb" extra for their tonkotsu. Additionally for the reviewers that are commenting on the lack of umami perhaps, try out their miso-ramen, that's what I'm going to do as miso paste should add quite a bit of umami and deepness to the broth. The staff are quite friendly and young. Also the service was attentive and prompt. Overall I would give Umami a 3/5 for lunch, but I will return for dinner service and try out their cocktails, sake, and smaller bites and give an updated review. We all deserve second chances right?
3	The place is very contemporary and has a nice atmosphere inside. The drinks look great but we didn't have any. We tried the pork buns and they were delicious and fresh. The dumplings were uninspired and probably made from a frozen premade batch. The miso ramen was very good but the pork ramen was a bit too salty. Overall it was a pleasant experience and worth a trip.
4	Design/Interior: they killed it. They turned an unassuming, regular house on Willy St. into a stylish, modern, roomy restaurant. I felt really good being in the restaurant. As the owner described - they wanted you to feel like you're not in Madison anymore.Cocktails: The cocktail craze has caught on and it seems like every restaurant is upping their game, with the unfortunate side effect of driving up drink prices.Their cocktail menu is diverse and creative with prices ($6-7) that are fair. I only tried two, and they both were yummy. The sake seems fairly solid, but I don't know what I'm talking about.Food: Overall very good. The taco-style bbq pork buns were neat and tasty. The pickled veggies were good, but a small portion. The dumplings were top notch. The sauces were decent, could use a bit more pow. The ramen needs some work - I know they can do better. Mix in's and more diverse flavors would be a good start. The green tea brulee was a pleasant surprise.Overall - I can't wait to go again. The owners seem passionate and have some good ideas for improving, like a patio for summer and a late night pork-only menu (sorry veggies!).
4	UpDate!The service was WAY quicker this time around! And our waiter recognized us (it's only our 2nd time and at least 3 wks in between) - I liked the greeting. I ordered o-Cha (honey tea + Maker's Mark + mint leaf) deserves thumbs up. My bf and I shared bunch of appetizers and gyoza and skipped ramen. Everything tasted good! I loved the variation on veggie pickles. This time, the pickle plate included un-riped mango, jicama, and beets etc etc, which were all crunchy-delish.With 5 plates and a drink, our dinner tab was ~ $40. Not bad at all :)
3	I came here with a large group and ordered their miso ramen with a hokkaido cocktail.  My drink was delicious and I would love to come back and enjoy their drinks.  There were several more on their list that I wanted to try.  However, the ramen was nothing special.  It wasn't exciting.  We also split some appetizers which were dumplings and pork buns. The pork belly buns were also just okay, not flavored enough, and I prefer the Graze's.
4	Pork Buns are to die for!  The combination of the crisp cucumber, tender savory  pork and soft bun make this a must.
4	I've been anticipating the opening of the new noodle place Umani since I read about its conception. Having studied the history of ancient Japanese art culture in college has made me a bit of a Japanophile due to the subtle approach they take in all things beautiful; and Umami pulls this off. My daughter and I went there for lunch and sat next to the blooming orchid in the  alcove near the entrance. (Good for a escape route with an almost 3-year old). We were greeted right away and made to feel welcome. We choose one of three lunch combination options. The Miso Udon with Roast Pork soup (other choices include chicken and shitake) and the Chicken and Shitake Dumplings for ten bucks (other choices are pork, chicken and chives & veggie). They were nice enough to bring us edamame that wasn't on the menu. The Soup was out of sight. Although I wish it were hot I know that is sacrilege to a Miso which survives to be the most nourishing at a certain temperature. The noodles were perfect. The Pork melted in my mouth. I had to ask about the infused egg which was quite honestly,  a turn-on. An almost hard boiled chicken egg with a creamy center but not runny. It had a dark liquid running through it which the waiter couldn't explain to me. Which brings me to the service. Of corse Umami is still working out the kinks of what a new restaurant brings and I understand that. So I can overlook the waiter not knowing how to describe something, especially when it's so damn good. But what's hard to comprehend is the counter service. In a day and age where people don't have money to tip but still want to dine out, a lot of counter service joints have sprung up. But Umami lends itself to table service. I don't want my dumplings or soup to get cold while I go up to order another Sake. And even more important, I might not order another Sake because I have to get up and leave my food and my experience!The experience is lovely here. With wall accents of ripe and unripe persimmon colors and the slate grey bar with bamboo inspired tile. The place is simple and sophisticated with and great ambient music and discrete lighting. It's just so wonderful that I want someone to bring me my drink so that I can take it all in and not put it on pause. I dream of going back without a child to get a buzz that only good sake can give, and to try the Ahi tuna seaweed salad and the braised pork belly buns with homemade hoisin sauce.
4	I'm not a Umami or Ramen or Dumpling or Noodle expert, but I do know that the food was amazing delicious and that my two year old little loved it, too.   We both had dumplings and ramen.  I was super pleased to hear that they were open late on Fridays and Saturdays as a beer and dumplings sound like the perfect night spot to me, especially in the chic, yet comfy and inviting interior.    Few small suggestions:1) Kids menu items came pretty hot - It's a small thing, but cooling them down a bit (icecube in the ramen?) would be helpful.  I was impressed that they served all of his toppings on the side (super smart).2) Signage outside - I'd love a bigger sign by the street - we drove right by it and didn't realize that there was a parking lot until we had already searched for awhile for street parking.
3	First off, I love ramen and would take the chance to visit every ramen shop I ran into.  Because of this, I've been able to experience many different types of ramen around the country.  This doesn't make me a ramen expert by no means but I know what I like.Umami is hidden away in a little "house" right off of Willy street.  The sign is very small and you can easily miss it, but it's located pretty much across from "Plan B".They sell ramen and dumplings just like the name suggests.  We ended up order 2 types: $12 for a bowl of Tonkatsu Ramen and $10 for the miso ramen.  We also ordered the pork and chives dumplings, 6 for $6.  Now ramen prices are usually pricey like this, so we didn't think too much of it.We received the dumplings first. They were small, pan friend on the outside, and came with a soy-ginger dipping sauce.  These dumplings were tasty, but I wish there was more to it.  More meat, more chives, more anything.The ramen came next.  This was maybe 30 minutes after we received the dumplings. With that said, the service there was reallllllll slow.  For a place that only sells ramen, you'd expect to get your food a little faster.  The ramen tasted good, but like the dumplings, there wasn't much to it.  You got half an egg, a couple pieces of chasu pork, and some of the pickled bamboo shoot.  I wouldn't say I'm a gluten, but I wish there was MORE food, especially since it was a 45-60 min wait since we made our order...I was hungry. Overall, very good food, but not necessarily for the price.  You can add extra ingrediants to you noodles, but that would make a bowl of noodles cost upwards of $20, something I'm not willing to pay.
2	Umami and I got off on the wrong foot from the very beginning. I live just a few doors down from this place, and have watched the restaurant take shape from the time they bought their house, renovated it, and opened their doors. The Willy St. neighborhood is a pretty friendly community. We're used to living in a mixed-use area of commercial and residential buildings. We are proud of our thriving local businesses, and strive to support them. We have a long tradition of residents and businesses working together on this street.But Umami hasn't shown itself to be anything approaching a local citizen. I have yet to meet the owners, I received no forewarnings or apologizes for the endless construction traffic impeding flow on Willy street during their renovation process. I received no invitation to an opening night, no neighborly olive branch. As far as I know, Umami's owners are out-of-towners unfamiliar with Madison's culture and just looking to make a buck. As a few others have commented, Umami's sign, like it's building, is hidden and nondescript. Most patrons don't find their parking lot - meaning that people who actually live on Willy St and rely on street parking are starting to become accustomed to not being able to find parking in the evenings.But all this is local stuff, right? For most of you, how Umami treats it's neighbors is small beans. A month after Umami opened, I decided to let go of my resentments and give it a go. Friends from Japan were visiting from out of town, so we thought this would be the perfect opportunity. Contrary to what many have said here, I found the service was the highlight of the experience. If anything, this place is overstaffed- and the owners have obviously gone to great lengths to maintain Asian appearances! My first shock came when I walked in the door. The exterior of the building fails completely to capture what the owners are apparently going for. I was hoping for a homey and comfortable noodle joint. Walking in, I was blasted with a decor scheme that screamed "Chic New York Asian-Fusion." The sparse menu was a disappointing mix of the two. I got the vegetarian dumplings, and my companions ordered ramen. Both were shockingly unremarkable. The high prices and trying-very-hard decor tried to overshadow the menu's bland least-common-denominator approach to Japanese food. But the result felt out of touch with Madison. Where's the taste? Where's the fun? Where's the palate bursting with unexpected flavor combinations? At the very least- where's the careful and delicate ritual and presentation that makes Japanese food so famous? The menu seems optimized instead for ease and profitability.
4	I DIE!  the pork buns are amazing.  so good.  you must order.  the owner was there to greet us, he was so friendly and made some great suggestions for drinks.  i love that the menu is pared down - they know what they do well, and they really nailed it.  i got the veggie dumplings, so yummy.  only thing was, i felt like i could eat a million - ugh the trouble with any dumpling :)  i will definitely try to get the ramen next time and split dumplings with a friend.   also, my saketini was great.   i loved the vibe, super chic and big city feel.  i love it.  just what madison needs!
4	Yum, yum, yum.  A welcome addition to the east side.
2	I am not a ramen fanatic, but I ate it regularly while living in Japan, which I did for many years. I've also had ramen in U.S. restaurants a handful of times. The good news is that the pork buns and gyoza were very good (but not stellar).The bad news is that the miso ramen really missed the mark. The soup tasted to me like they just dumped some miso into another soup base. I didn't catch any sweetness or toban-jan flavor...very, very far away from any miso ramen I have had in the U.S. or Japan. It wasn't bad per se, but they shouldn't call it miso ramen either. Also, I got a clump of uncooked noodles in my bowl. Really. Y'know how sometimes noodles settle a little early and get stuck? This was not that. This was a large knot (about the size of an egg, but slimmer) that could not be teased apart. I pulled it out of my bowl and put it on a plate. When I cut it open with my spoon, I saw that the clump was still raw in the middle. I have never had that happen before, anywhere. The only reason I give them two stars and not one is that the pork buns and gyoza countered some of the damage that the ramen did.
4	Yum!  The construction currently on Williamson makes driving to Umami a little tough and t can be hard to find as the restaurant doesn't have a big sign, or even a lit sign for that matter.  Lively crowd for a Monday night.  Interior matches the food and the neighborhood and is neither too trendy or too homey.  The service was terribly friendly, immediately greeting, seating and watering our table.  We ordered a variety of sakes and all were distinct and very tasty.  The food was, on the whole, very good.  The summer roll was poorly wrapped, so the very tasty contents just fell out.  Pork buns were spot on, as were the pork dumplings.  Nice to know that the pork is sourced from Black Earth and the charming sake and coffee cups are from nearby clay shop.  The vegetable ramen was tasty, even more so when a "Spicy Bomb" was added.  We were thrilled to find Umami offers a french press instead of the standard stale and burnt coffee.  We will certainly be back.
4	Yummy! The place is brand new, so you can tell they are still working some kinks out, but the food was great. The portions were really large, but were really great to share. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the inside of the restaurant was and how thoughtful the little menu was. Plus, I think they serve food till 12 on the weekends. I'm sure the Plan B crowd will love this place! I do...
3	Been twice, real mixed experience.Most of the staff have been disorganized or snobby with basics like asking if we want drinks before disappearing,  bringing what we ordered or bringing us anything at all not met.I only had beer but my friends had a few of the specialty drinks and liked them.The food really varied.  The dumplings themselves were ok, the pork maybe a little better than the chicken but the sauces that come with them are varied but not very tasty to me.  In general I'd rather have the dumplings at Ha Long Bay down the street.  Definitely not worth the price.  The spring roll sucked and the sashimi was good but not really worth the price again.The Ramen is the real reason I was there though and in this area things also varied wildly.  One time I got the pork and it was extremely rich, almost too much salt and meatyness.  The next time we were there I got the miso with a garlic bomb while my wife got the pork and hers was watery and nearly tasteless, even with a spicy bomb in it it was hardly worth eating while the Miso and garlic was quite tasty.  In both cases the noodles and other items in the soup were fine but I cannot understand how the broth could vary from great to water in the space of a week.All in all it feels like someone with a trust fund who loves Japan decided to start a restaurant and hired their friends to staff it.  I love ramen and live right nearby so this would be a big hit with me if they can just get a professional level of service and quality.
5	I personally love Umami! Went the other day and shared the chick and mushroom dumplings, a salad, pork buns and summer rolls. I thought it was all great. You guys should teach some other places how to cook pork belly...  YUMMY
4	The food is great and really reasonably priced. I was there for lunch and ordered the lunch combo of Miso Ramen and the chicken and chive dumplings, which were both positively delicious! I was expecting smaller portions for the $10 price but what was brought to my table was a full sized order of noodles and eight dumplings. Perfect! The the really well executed contemporary decor and atmosphere was totally unexpected, but it made me appreciate it's unconventional housing (a house).Our server was totally charming and we received casual greetings by all of the employees at the bar upon our arrival and also received a nice goodbye from them when we left. I certainly don't always get into that sort of thing, but at Umami it didn't feel forced or over done and left me with a really genuine feeling. I would say that this restaurant is a must for all Madison dwellers and visitors a like!
4	Cozy ramen bar serving limited but perfectly nice menu of ramen, dumplings and pork buns. There is a children's menu with nice selections, but if you think you are going to get chicken fingers and pizza, go elsewhere. Our well-behaved seven-year-old was perfectly fine here. Decor was spare and certainly kept some of the spirit of the original house.
4	True to what many have suggested, the pork buns on the menu are delicious. We had the special shoyu ramen and the chicken shitaki mushroom dumplings.  Enjoyed every bite!   I can't wait to see what type of construction is going on in the front porch area.  Outdoor seating, perhaps?
4	I was actually afraid to try this place after reading mixed reviews about it on Yelp. However, as ramen and noodle-like lovers who go to ramen places all over the world, my husband and I just had to try it. How cool is it that Madison has a ramen place?? However, we're glad that we went because this place is not as bad as some of the reviews.First impression: this place is quite nice, despite construction on Williamson St and rennovation on the front porch (I believe they want to open an outdoor patio). Our waiter was super friendly and quite charming.Now, the most interesting and important part, the foods!Pork bun (2 pieces for $6): yummy yummy yummy.  Love the soft bun, super love the fatty pork, love the pickles, and the sauce. For me it was an umami experience (sweet, savory goodness). I also added the spicy bomb (I'll talk about this later) to add a little kick to it. In short, it was heaven in my mouth.Large pork and chives dumpling ($8): Errr not worth the price. I don't think it's homemade but I could be wrong. For 8 dollar, I can go to a Japanese grocery store and get a pork dumpling and you won't taste the difference.Tonkatsu ramen: Good noodle, great soup. However, the soup wasn't hot enough that you smell the porkiness of cold ramen (i want to say fishy, but not sure if they have fish stock at all). For the price and the small portion, I'd say it's overpriced. The only place I spent 12 bucks for a bowl of ramen was in NY, but the portion was bigger and it's NY afterall. I  We also added the spicy bomb for a dollar hoping it's something interesting but turns out it's like sambal oelek and we're very dissapointed with this addition. Why can't they give this for free? A piece of advice for those who like spicy ramen, just ask for the chilli powder (which they have, btw, I saw it on their drink station) for free.
4	Reminds me of chic ramen joints in NYC. The house is stylish and modern and makes you feel like you're in a bigger city. simple, but interesting menu. Good ramen. Great service. They are adding a deck which should be nice. Not as good as Muramoto, but a great and fairly unique addition to the Madison food scene.
4	The pork buns alone were worth the trip, helped down by a couple of saketini (the lychee one was my favorite). The Ramen was good, not the best I've had, but overall a good experience!A great little neighborhood gem and we're looking forward to a nice warm day so we can eat out on the front deck.
5	The veggie dumplings with a trio of sauce are excellent! The veggie ramen with a spicy bomb and garlic bomb is wonderful and we got some fantastic smoked tofu for some extra protein. The ramen could be a meal for two, packed with delicious, locally-made noodles and seasonal veggies. I can't wait to try out the patio and see if summer brings new dishes for cool weather, maybe soba? I'm a little sad that there aren't any tofu buns on the menu that I've seen in other cities. Those buns are addictive - 6 stars if they end up on the menu!
3	our experience was pretty spot-on with the rest of the reviews here.  the pork buns were amazing and the chicken shitaki dumplings were great.  i ordered one of the fruity cocktails and it rocked.  this place would easily be five stars if you just showed up for a cocktail and appetizers.the ramen, on the other hand, was so incredibly disappointing.  i ordered the vegetable ramen with a garlic bomb and topped with corn.  the noodles were amazing but the broth was so salty that the meal was actually inedible.  it was a deep msg tasting salt that actually hurt my throat to swallow the broth.  so depressing because i LOVE ramen and wanted to write a glowing review.the folks behind the bar were very friendly when we walked in and we were seated right away for an early friday night dinner.  our waiter was very nice but not very quick on the ball about attending to our needs.  the apps came out in a short amount of time but the ramen took close to 35 minutes - and it was literally us and maybe five other tables at that point.  we know they're not hand-making the noodles and ramen broth (good ramen broth) is a perpetual process...  we found that confusing.  and i'm HAPPY to wait 35 minutes for amazing ramen.clearly not so happy to wait for inedible salt hell.  i'd go back for the tuna poke and those pork dumplings... damn.  so so good in an otherwise not so great restaurant.
4	On your first trip to Umami Ramen & Dumpling Bar, you may drive by without realizing you've passed the restaurant - at first glance, it appears to be a residence. Upon closer examination, you will see torches, patio furniture, and diners enjoying delicious cuisine and beverages.We started our evening with saketinis (the Lychee was especially delicious) at the sleek bar inside the small restaurant. After a brief wait for a table (there is limited seating, but without reservations on a Saturday night, we waited less than 15 minutes) we were seated on the patio where we enjoyed the lighted torches and wooden bench seating.Umami offers a variety of salad options, featuring such ingredients as mushrooms, walnuts, cranberries, and fresh arugula. The Ramen options include meat as well as a vegetarian option. I had the miso ramen, which was rich and flavorful with green onions, thick broth, and slices of chicken. I didn't save room for dessert, but I'll definitely be back to Umami to try their selections on another occassion.The food and drinks were delicious, and the ambience was unlike any other restaurant I've been to in Madison - understated, classy decor; spot-on service; and an overall upbeat, fun vibe.
4	We went to Umami because we are fans of an anime show called Naruto in which the main character is a huge Ramen fan. Our waiter was very friendly. First we had the chicken dumplings which I thought was delicious my oldest daughter didn't like the sauce as she said it was too strong. My youngest wouldn't even try the dumplings. We had the miso ramen which I had split for my 2 young daughters and I had the pork ramen. We all thought it was delicious. I found the marinated boiled egg to be surprisingly good. We were stuffed. We will definitely be back again.
3	Good but not great Ramen. Very good service.
1	Accuracy: 10/10Taste: 3/10Consistency: 7/10Service: 5/10Ambience: 8/10Overall: 5/10This is a visually remarkable restaurant that serves unremarkable food. The broth is SALTY and the noodles are cheap egg noodles. The dumplings appear to from a frozen pre-packaged bag. The service was friendly and timely. But nothing can makeup for the straight up bad food. I honestly think I could replicate their soup with some miso bean paste and egg noodles. I would NOT recommend this restaurant to friends and I would be surprised if it's still open at this time next year.
4	There are a few places in Madison that have dishes that I crave. The ramen at Umami is one of them. Order a spicy bomb for a kick. The dumplings are fantastic, too. Try the cocktail with Maker's Mark and green tea. I forget the name, but it's a really nice combo.
2	It's not like this is a terrible place.  I've had mixed encounters on the service.  The building is a bit smaller, but they recently extended a patio that is nice.The food is a tad overpriced in my opinion.  This wouldn't be the end of the world, but everything seems TOO SALTY.  Dumplings, salty.  Hard boiled egg appetizer, salty.  Ramen, like drinking salt.The menu is a limited and while the dumplings are ok, ask about a low sodium option before you order.
2	I was excited to check out this new place on Willy st.  It looks great from the outside with a nice patio to relax on.  I agree with some of the other reviewers though - you can do way better with your money at nearby places.  Our server raved about the ramen noodles, but for $12 I felt ripped off.  The noodles were just ok (really how fancy can ramen-style noodles be), but the broth was super salty and it wasn't very filling.  They also talk up their infused eggs, which is basically a salty hard boiled egg dipped in soy sauce and a few spices - save your money.  I didn't try the dumplings, but I probably won't waste my time or money going back to do so.
3	The place is laid back, very simple, the patio is a fine place on a good day. However the food is average at best. For me the thing that would really move this from average to good would be if the ramen broth was 'clear' just like the inexpensive stuff everyone expects.... Here the broth is murky and a bit muddled tasting... I would go back for appetizers and drinks on a sunny day.
3	I've been here more than a few times and I always want to like it a lot more than I actually do. The ramen is pretty tasty, and this is just about the only place to get it in Madison. However, $12 for a bowl of ramen seems a bit excessive (and an extra dollar here or there for a garlic "bomb" or spicy "bomb" adds even more). Their dumplings are pretty average. Their fruity sake cocktails are very delicious however, so maybe I'll just have to stick with those. The interior is very chic so it is a pretty classy place to get a bit tipsy.
2	Completely disappointing. I had my doubts when we had trouble finding the place at night because the only sign they have is wooden with an inscription of a bowl in it.Then we get inside. It looks pretty nice, that kind of urban hipster looking with a bar that seems pretty popular these days. Being the decisive people we are we order with relatively alacrity and then proceed to wait close to 20 minutes for our appetizer and then another 20 minutes for our entree. This is completely unacceptable, how long can it take to prepare a bowl of ramen?As for the taste, the pork belly appetizer was pretty good though I found it kind of skimpy on the pork and really, how do you mess up pork belly?  Our bowls of ramen on the other hand were atrocious; muddy looking broth, a little too salty and basically no other flavor except a bitter aftertaste.  The pieces of meat were equally flavorless and boring.The service however was good and when we complained the manager came out to get our opinions. Frankly, the food was beyond redemption, no amount of critiquing was going to allow the chef that prepared that ramen to cook something delicious.
2	This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE the appetizers especially the pork buns. YUMMMMM.However, that's where the positives end. The ramen was a salty mess. If it's going to be salty, at least be flavorful but it wasn't even that! Bland and salty!!! You pay for a spice bomb which is a tiny little cup of sriracha. How about leave a bottle of sriracha out like any other restaurant? You ain't that fancy.Service was blah. The kitchen staff and the owner are great I hear, I believe that. But our waitress at the time was .... stupid to say the least. But hey, service is always a hit or miss at most places.Anyways, if you go here, prepare to spend quite a bit of money for mediocre food.
5	Pork buns are AMAZING
2	My husband and I tried Umami for the first time this week and were disappointed.  We started with shrimp and shitake mushroom dumplings, which were decent though they did not have a shrimp taste.  My husband had the veggie ramen and I had the pork version.  Both were overly salty; the veggie version had tastier broth but both were farily bland.  There were no subtle tastes.  Overall, the ramen bowls were passable but nothing we would return for.  The decor is soothing, clean and distinctive and the service was good.  The menu is limited but we did not try the appetizers or salads.
3	Atmosphere ****Pork Buns **** (but overpriced)Dumplings ***Ramen * (sorry, but it was terrible, horribly overpriced)Drinks & Service ***
4	Went to dinner at Unami with my husband.  We ordered the special appletizer (Korean BBQ sticky bun), and it was awesome.  Also ordered an large order of dumplings (chicken and Shitake) as well as an order or Ramen (pork).  The entrees were good, but not over the top.  I'd return again, but I can't say it's my favorite Asian restaurant.  Service was very good; waitress was very patient with our questions.  Very cool that they source their noodles from down the street!We were told previously that it isn't a good place for kids.  While I didn't see a kid's menu, I did see other kids there, and they certainly were welcome.  We didn't bring our kids this time, but wouldn't hesitate to bring them in the future.
5	I have been using Yelp for some time but opened an account strictly to get the word out for Umami.  I thought Natt Spiel was the hot Asian place in Madison, but Umami blows them out of the water.  The atmosphere was unique and inviting.  The owner was helpful and friendly, but the food...the food is amazing.  I eat out a lot and it's been awhile since everything has been phenomenal from beginning to end.  We loved the Tuna Poke with the pork rinds, the pork buns are delicious, and the dumplings are cooked to perfection with a spicy sauce that has flavor rather than just heat.  I waited too long to give this place a shot...Let's keep this unique restaurant afloat in the tough competition in Madison.  It's different and delicious.  All these reviews about being too salty and overpriced are WRONG WRONG WRONG. I never salt my food at home and hate it when restaurants overdo it.  Umami does not overdo the salt and for two people: 3 cocktails, 4 dishes: $65, not bad at all.  I would have paid $160 and walked out very happy, it was refreshing and worth it.
3	The Good: the atmosphere was modern, unique, and intimate.  The flavored egg added to the veggie ramen.  The drinks were great-Tokyo pear and Hanami.The Okay: The food.  The dumplings were good not great.  The ramen was not salty enough and the veggie ramen had no protein without adding the egg for a cost.  $12 for veggie ramen seemed pricey.  If there had been soy sauce available or the waitstaff more attentive, it would not have been a problem.  The thai summer rolls were good, but the peanut sauce they were served with was not that spicy, savory, sweet mix that tastes so go.The Bad:  The service.  We sat at the bar, the bartender was visibly stressed and running around making it unenjoyable to sit there.  It was not overly busy for dinner on a Saturday night (empty seats at the bar and restaurant).  We were not offered water or chopsticks, we would "bus" our own dishes by putting them on top of the bar when we were done to get the attention of the bartender.  When I asked what type of dumplings they served, I was told pot stickers, then the bartender said no, gave an elaborate explanation to which I asked if they were gyoza.  She said no and then brought gyoza.  It seems that a japanese restaurant's staff should know what they are serving.
5	I have eaten at Umami three times. The food has been consistently delicious each time and the atmosphere is great. Tonight, my wife and I brought our 9 year old son along with for the first time. He has a severe sesame allergy, so we asked the staff for help choosing something safe for him to eat from their menu. They treated our request for help with seriousness and professionalism. I have recommended Umami to my friends before and will continue to do so.
4	I've eaten at Umami at least ten times. Why do I go back? Here's why:(1) Pork buns. These are the best I've had. Try for yourself: have the pork buns at Graze (or wherever you eat pork buns), and then have them at Umami. Umami's are better. I'm not trying to start a pork bun war, I'm just sayin'.(2) Tonkotsu ramen. This is Umami's signature ramen, so rich and delicious. And that egg everyone's talking about? Get yourself one. De.Lish.Us.I've never lived in Japan, so I have no idea how Umami's food stacks up against the ramen served in traditional Japanese homes. But I do know this: last year, I was seriously considering becoming vegan, full time. But I couldn't do it, because I knew I'd never have Umami's pork buns or tonkotsu again.True story. Go, enjoy yourself.
4	Update, having been a few more times I think the staff have gotten their sea legs and quality is much more consistent.  In fact the very thin waiter we have had the last few times has been really good and professional.  We have had much less trouble getting a seat in a reasonable time and have not been treated snootily.The pork buns are always good, several other places in town have them now but Umamis are the best.The dumplings still underwhelm, I stopped getting them.But the Ramen... I would eat it several times a week if I could.  Miso+garlic Bomb, Pork+ spicy, both amazing.  Have had the veggie and it was great too.  So good, I just finished dinner and I still want to eat their Ramen right now!  It seems much more consistent though it has settled on the non-salty side, personally I liked it pretty salty.They will not sell it for take-out, or at least they would not when I last asked, which is a disappointment when you live down the street.
4	Delicious dumplings. Had shrimp and pork....yum. Had the mushroom salad and it complemented the dumplings perfectly. Good two for one drinks til 7pm. Gracious owner from my neck of the woods, Queens. A lovely neighborhood vibe. Bring the kids. That's okay too.
2	Just ok, heavy on the salt and spices. Had ramen, pork buns and dumplings. Dumplings came out either undercooked or over-dried, the dough was still a little too hard. Broth needed more depth, more umami, less salt. I could not drink enough water, though my glass was only filled once. My martini was more room temp than chilled, and since I was eating at the bar and saw a icy well-shaken one get served next to me, I had to ask for ask for a re-shake. The space was charming.
3	I really enjoyed the atmosphere and vibe at Unami.  It was a fun place to try.  We all thought the food was good, especially the dumplings.  I'm usually a beer kinda guy, but their cocktails intrigued me so I tried a couple - both were very good.  The Tonkotsu ramen was delicious (although salty), which is their signature ramen.  It's a small restaurant, so large groups are likely not ideal.  Our group of 5 worked out just fine.  We would certainly try this place again.
4	Get either the miso soup or the dumplings!  You have never had real miso soup before if you think of the cloudy salty crap from a powder packet that's served in most Japanese restaurants.  Here, they make it for real and it's amazing!  For added fun, get a flavor infused egg!The dumpling are rocking.  Hot and authentic, you couldn't ask for more.  Try all three sauces!
4	Whenever I visit Madison this is the one place I must go to every time, if not twice! The ambiance is nice and relaxing, was able to get a patio spot last time which was very nice. Patio is a nice size and is great on a nice day. The service has been great all times I've been, very polite, attentive and timely. The food never lets me down, dumplings are great and come with a couple diff dipping sauces, all the ramens are good but my fav is the tonkotsu. The pork buns are interesting, veering away from the normal bun style and is more like a wrap or taco. They added a few new types as well which haven't tried yet. Only complaint so far is that they replaced the apple walnut frisee salad!
4	Wow, this is amazing. I had tofu buns and vegie dumplings. The buns are more like soft, pillowy pancakes, folded over like an omelette with the fillings inside. The vegie dumplings were perfect, steamed just long enough. The ingredients in both dishes were absolutely fresh, and the tofu was the meaty, substantial kind, not the squishy, moist kind. I had the O-cha Mark to drink, and it about knocked me over. It's Maker's Mark, green tea, and honey, but all I could taste was the Maker's, and there was a lot of it. Some wouldn't complain, but I was the driver. The green tea creme brulee for dessert was worth the fat and calories.  We sat outside, and the traffic noise wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. If we'd had to sit inside it would have felt claustrophobic. The building is very small, and it was very busy. There was a flowering bush next to the deck that smell  divine. The service was pleasant and helpful, but we had to ask two different people three times total for our first glass of water. A tiny thing...we'd come back, even if they had no water.
3	Awesome food! Would be 5 stars if the waitstaff cared. Again Awesome food. Appetizers came out (we ordered when we were seated) and then we waited about 10 minutes to place our dinner order. They came out at the same time. Server took over 20 minutes to check on how food was. We asked another server to refill our waters and bring 2 of us forks. She said sure but never returned. We were in no hurry but a 1 hour dinner took almost 2 1/2 hours because the servers seemed to forget us.but remember the food was AWESOME!
5	We love the vegetarian selections here. Especially the dumplings
4	The word "ramen" usually conjures up 10 cent instant noodle packs you can buy at the gas station; the main food staple for many college students. However, ramen at Umami is anything but that. My boyfriend and I split a bowl of tonkotsu ramen and a small order of pork and chive dumplings. The dumplings were good, but nothing to write home about. The ramen was pretty good, although the broth was a little on the salty side. I was skeptical about the flavored egg at first because I hate eggs, but I tried some anyway and it was pretty good. The seaweed and braised pork rounded out the flavors in the ramen. Overall, I would recommend Umami for their ramen.
4	Umami is my favorite place to get together with friends when I visit Madison. The food is unique to the area and always good. Plus, I can't make the dumplings at home.
3	white people sure love this place.buns = ehhhdumplings = why notcocktails = no wayramen = aye caramba blergh
5	I heard great things about this place so we finally made it in to try it out .They have great outdoor seating but there was a small wait and my husband was hungry so we sat inside , nice ambiance and the bar is very trendy . They have happy hour specials as well .  We started with the pork buns and the salad with basil honey lime dressing .  The pork buns were out of this world good , and the salad was delicious as well , the dressing is perfect , and no iceberg !  , a nice blend of greens . We took the owners advice and ordered the pork dumpling and the tonkotsu ramen . You can split a bowl as well for a nominal charge , and you both get the flavored egg .  The Pork dumplings were fantastic and put anything else I have ever tried - think chinese restaurant pot stickers - to shame .  My husband wanted to order another order and this is a meat and potatoes guy .  The ramen was delicious as well , very flavorful .   The service was great as well and my husband who I had to drag in there loved everything and wants to go back soon .   For anyone who is afraid of trying something different , dont be this place is delicious .  My favorite if I had to pick , was the pork buns and the dumplings - I ordered mine with the spicy which was perfect for my tastes , next time we will try a different sauce as well .
3	I've been told to try something twice, so I did. I really want to love this place.  I love noodles. I love meat. I love soup. I love dumplings.  The dumplings were probably the highlight of both meals and just OK. Not the best, but certainly not the worst. The cocktails are serviceable, but definitely not the best in town.  The star of the show should be the ramen, but both times it fell flat.  I had the tonkatsu on my first visit, and compared to other ramen the broth seemed a little thin and a bit too salty.  The shoyu ramen fared better, but still lacked the richness I would expect out of a ramen restaurant.  I thought the noodles were strange, but I can't quite put my finger on it.  Perhaps a little too big and chewy.I really want to like you, Umami, I really do. There's just not enough umami for me. Fix up the broth and the noodles and maybe I'll be back.
2	It's really funny. Having read through some of the reviews on yelp I was expecting the ramen broth to be really salty. It was the opposite of salty. It was completely flavorless water. This is what we ordered: pickled vegetables to share between a few people, pork buns, pork and chives dumplings ("the classic") and the miso ramen.  Others in the table got the tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen with pork belly. The pickled vegetables came on a long plate and there were just a few pieces of each thing. It was a bit disappointing/ridiculous how little of each thing there was. For example: 3 extremely thin slices of carrot. The dish came with cauliflower, some type of green, radish, and carrot. The way it was all arranged on the plate showed they were trying for something classy that really missed the mark. The flavors followed suit as it all tasted the same, of overpowering sweet pickling juice. Would never ever order this again.Then came the dumplings. These were not so bad really. About decent, pretty salty but I think well cooked. Would never go here for the dumplings but if I was forced to come again I would be content just eating these as a snack. Then the buns. I guess as a personal note, I don't like this trendy slider-style for buns; what's wrong with just a good bao. But regardless, the sauce (hoisin) was too sweet and clashed with whatever else was inside. And it was full of sauce. Whatever reviewers said these buns were good have clearly not had even decent buns. Just because you're using pork belly doesn't make them good. Finally, for the least *umami* part of the meal...the ramen. It was so flavorless... watery broth, megh noodles. The slices of chicken looked and tasted drab, most of the sprouts were not even whole but either chopped or just broken. Finally, wow, one sheet of the most tasteless seaweed I have ever had. Not a single ingredient in this soup was redeemable. We ended up adding all the soy sauce that we got for our dumplings  plus part of the garlic sauce that came with the tonkotsu ramen that someone else ordered and it was still completely flavorless. I have never called a soup trashwater before today. Others in our table were also completely unimpressed. A ramen place with horrible ramen...I hope they shut down soon so something else can take its place. I wish restaurants would just focus on having good ingredients and cooking things well, but instead we get generic and bland food. At the end of the night, we can cook better ramen at home by just cutting up some carrots and onions throwing them in the broth with some semi-decent korean noodles and then cracking an egg in there......In response to the other reviewer: I guess not all white people love Umami.Seriously, you may be sitting around debating where to go. Maybe you have eaten all your favorite restaurants recently and want to try something new. Do NOT eat here if you want a good meal. We were debating between multiple restaurants and this came up because no one had tried it. If you find yourself in the same situation, put your foot down and don't let this ruin your night too.
5	Convenient to my apartment, I probably eat here about once a week. Their pork buns are amazing, and I like the cocktails, too.
2	Blah blah blah. I went here and had the pork buns, pork dumplings, pickled vegetables, and miso ramen. Not a single thing was worth the money and I don't plan on going back to see if there's anything else on the menu I would like. A ramen restaurant that can't even get ramen right is sad. Seriously the soup had very little flavor at all which was surprising considering everyone on here said it was so salty. I borrowed my friend's garlic bomb and it didn't help at all. All of the ingredients were subpar which is not acceptable given the price. There's something wrong when you can't tell the difference between bamboo and chicken in look, texture, or taste. They just throw in a chunk junk seaweed that was tasteless.  All of the sprouts were broken and looked old. No one at the table was satisfied with their soup.The dumplings were just fine. Not great but by far the best thing ordered.The pork buns I saw featured in the Isthmus food issue (maybe?) or one of the Madison magazines. Dough was stiff and dry, meat had an odd taste, way too much hoisin, and I think there were also pickled cucumbers in there that made these things taste like dessert. Exactly what I wanted....dessert pork belly. I feel like never ordering pork belly in this town again since everyone thinks that as long as the dish has pork belly you don't have to make sure anything else actually tastes good. We want good tastes with good ingredients...not this overpriced garbage. Seriously, look at the pictures people have posted and see if it even looks good. I promise it tastes worse than it looks.  Also, apparently they can't split the check because their machines aren't capable of doing it and even though it was very clear we were two couples the waitress never mentioned it. Weak.
2	Umami came highly recommended, and the food is fine--but not great by any means.My problem was really with the service.  Our server took our menus away before we ordered, then came back to take our order (???)Later, he left our empty plate on the table for a very long time, despite the fact that we were clearly ready to pay the bill and leave...not to mention there was a long wait to be seated.The real kicker, however, was when I gave him my credit card--which is a Chase Visa card.  It says "Visa" on the back side.  He came back and said "Sorry, we don't take Chase"...and I told him that it was a Visa card.  Seemingly agitated, he said, "WE DON'T TAKE CHASE!"   I gave him another card, he ran the check, and we left...a very modest tip.
4	The wife and I met my brother and sister-in-law for dinner here last week, and I was pretty impressed with Umami. Since moving to Madison, I've been consistently surprised at how many ethnic joints there are in town, and it was fun to find this place tucked in amongst the other great stores/restaurants on Willy St. I realllllllllllllllllllly wanted to give this five stars, but I try and reserve that for only truly fantastic places. Umami is *so close*, but the service we had made it only "great" and not "spectacular."The restaurant itself is an interesting set-up, as it seems to be an old house, renovated into a "hip" restaurant/bar. I'm always a big fan of outdoor seating, so I was pleased that we were able to snag a table outside on a nice summer night. Looking at other reviews, it seems like people had trouble with service. Our waitress was just okay. I think my experience with her was tainted after being very impressed by the service of a waiter/host inside (maybe he was the manager?). The four of us wanted to get out of our comfort zones and order new things/authentic drinks & dishes, so it was important for us to be able to have stuff recommended to us. Whoever the guy was inside hooked me up with a delicious drink (O-cha Mark) but the waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu.GOOD:- Decent selection of beer/cocktails- The ramen itself was quite tasty. I'm used to the cheap variety, so I was pleasantly surprised with the way it should actually taste. The flavor-infused egg was delicious as well! Get the Spicy Bomb to add.- The dumplings. OHHHHHHHH the dumplings. We tried two kinds (pork, chicken) and they were fantastic.- By far my favorite were the pork & beef buns. Holy crap were they tasty, especially when you mix in their sweet&sour or spicy sauces.BAD:- Service was fair (at best)
2	I don't know why, maybe I expected more than I should. The soup I got there was simply boring. The drinks are OK. Service was OK. I'm not sure why but I feel I should revisit this and try a different option. The tofu appetizer I got was better than the soup.
3	My fiance and I traveled from Chicago to Madison to enjoy the Labor day weekend.  After a quick search on new restaurants in the Willy St. area, I decided that we should check out Umami.  We wanted to like this place more, but the service just won't allow that to happen.Positive:*The food - we truly enjoyed everything we ordered.  The pork buns were light and airy.  The chicken dumplings with the spicy sauce were tasty and each of our bowl's of ramen were perfectly seasoned, (the spice bomb was necessary to add that next level of heat). *The host guy was nice and helpful and seemed like the only person to have any sense of hospitality about him.  (Our server was nice, but seemed to be reeling from a long day and didn't give any sort of personalized service).Negative:*The service - why and how are these people working in the restaurant industry?  The bartender seemed to not only hate her job, but resent every person that walked in the door or tried to order a drink.  She never said "hello, how can I help you?"  Just walked up and looked at us to order a drink.  She never said "Thank you" or even presented a check to us.  At 8:30pm (the restaurant closed at 9pm), we saw her come out from behind the bar to tell people walking in that they weren't accepting anymore walk-in's for the night... She also repeatedly told servers to give their last call to their patrons - Maybe she had after work plans?  Because she definitely didn't want to be there any longer than she had to.Everyone else seemed aloof or non-caring.  The restaurant industry is about hospitality, and it completely baffles me when people are hired who obviously can't stand being nice to other people.Go for the food and opt for carry-out to save the headache.
4	We enjoyed our visit to Umami. We went late last night. It was nice to find a place that servs food after 9:00pm. The service was fantastic! We love the dumplings...YUM! However, I must agree with other comments. The ramen was bland and wasn't hot. I like my soup hot :( The outside seating was nice. We will try Umami again.
3	Definitely stick to the pork broth ramen; it's much better seasoned. That said, you get plenty of dinner for the average order and the spicy sauce is great with dumplings. Don't shy away from the nori in your bowl. It's there for a reason!
4	the beef buns are extremely good!
4	I have just moved to Madison, and went there for my first night in downtown Madison. The restaurant looks like a house from the outside, which is very adorable. There is a private lot for parking, but not with a lot of spaces. I had the spicy tofu buns, which were delicious, and the veggie ramen. The veggie ramen was ok. I wish I had gotten the pork or chicken miso now, since the veggie did not have as much flavor as I thought. Overall a good experience and I recommend it for a peaceful dinner when cold.
3	Love, love, love the interior design. Old Willy house on the outside, but then transformed to a syfy ramen bar inside.Service was bad. First our waitress waited on another table that had been seated after us. She disappeared for long periods of time and had to find her once. Never broke a smile.For appetizers we got the veggie dumplings & pork buns. The dumplings were uninspiring & felt we could get better ones at a chinese takeout place. The pork buns helped to turn the meal around. Right amount of hoisin, buns were pillow soft, great crunch from the cucumbers and the pork belly was melt in your mouth tender. Got the miso, veggie and tonkotsu ramens. All had great depth of flavor & non were too salty. Put did think the veggie one was could use a little something more. Didn't like that you have to pay a $1 for a spicy bomb that was only a couple of tablespoons of chili sauce that at any other restaurant is just on the table.All in all will come back for the ramen & buns but will stay clear of the veggie items and hope to get better service.
2	I have had better dumplings out of my freezer, but two stars for decent mixed drinks.
5	Every time we dine here we get exceptional food and service.. Even on busy days its well worth our wait! Enjoy
3	So I revisited this place and have decided to give it an extra star. I was much more hungry this time than the first time I visited which was a deciding "meh factor". What I learned is definitely to get the "spice bomb" option for any broths, especially if you prefer a spicy touch. It's a shame you have to pay for "extra taste" for something that should be complimentary(every table should have spices/sauces) but it made the place better to me than before.
4	Why all the hate?? For a city that is sooo severely and desperately lacking in Asian cuisine, Umami is a diamond in the rough. Yes, I've certainly had better Asian food, but this is by far my favorite in Madison.Sure, you can go buy frozen dumplings and make them yourself and that would cost you a lot less. Just don't get the dumplings then. If you do, you'd be paying for service and non-frozen dumplings. I'd recommend the steamed buns instead. I'm a big fan of Umami's pork buns. The Korean bulgogi buns are interesting as well, but might not fit everyone's taste. But the clutch items on Umami's menu are definitely the ramen varieties. The noodles are freshly made, the broth is tasty, and the ingredients are great. You can always pay to add more ingredients into your ramen bowl, like I've always done. Where is the nearest place where you can get semi-genuine, non-instant ramen at a full service restaurant?The drink list is creative and the dessert is limited, but mochi ice cream balls were a delight to see.If some other brave and entrepreneuric soul starts up a better Asian restaurant in Madison, please call me back to the area.
4	First off, I love the fact that it's operated out of a house. Really cool design on the inside, with a modern-esque feel to it.The waiter was very friendly, and the service pretty good, though a bit slow (but that might just be a trend when it comes to Asian food in Madison)The food itself was only alright. We got a plate of the pork and chive dumplings to share, which were quite bland to be honest. The best part about dumpings is the soup inside the wrapper, and these were pretty dry. Granted, the dumplings were pan fried, but still, it had no soup whatsoever. I thought the ramen was pretty mediocre, but for midwest standards, it'll do.
4	Don't be fooled as you pull up to Umami. The restaurant looks like an normal house on the outside, but inside there is a small bar and about a dozen tables inside. Umami's bar has a nice selection of sake, sake mixed drinks, and a good selections of beer. It's not too big, but it's big enough to mingle and make some new friends. One thing I didn't understand is how you could not take your bar tab to your table. The bartender made me close out and pay before sitting down to order food. The food was decent. Nothing to write home and tell everyone to fly out to Madison to try their food. The best thing we had were the steam pork buns. Pretty traditional. Nice steamed bun, with a nice slice of pork belly served with scallions, cucumbers and hoisin sauce. The dumplings weren't anything special. Tasted like frozen pot stickers from the store. We had an order of pork and shrimp, and I probably had a total of 3 whole shrimps in 4 potstickers. The ramen was decent. I'm glad we ordered the other food because this is probably the smallest bowl of ramen I've ever had. Noodles were cooked well, but I think i had two strips of bamboo shoots and half a cup of noodles. The tonkatsu soup was lacking on the pork flavor. It had a good color, but was really light on the fatty pork flavor.Overall, Umami was delicious for the area and it could be a lot worse. If I am ever back in Madison and I need a bowl of ramen, Umami is the place to go.
4	Ambiance and server were great! Food took a little longer than we had hoped for but it was a packed Saturday night. Spicy pulled pork buns and pork dumplings with spicy sauce were very tasty! Miso Ramen was good although I'm no connoisseur  but I would definitely go back.
5	I have a lot of five-star reviews, but I guess I like to review GREAT experiences.  :)  To be honest and up-front, I used to work at Umami when it first opened.  It's been quite a while since then, so I feel fair in writing my review because my husband and I still love to eat there and order carry-out.  The only downfall there is that I can't have the Hanami Blossom Sake-tini.  Our absolute favorite item on the menu is the new beef buns.  They are AMAZING!  Though it's tough to give second seat to the original pork buns, because those are fantastic as well.  The fluffy rice buns are yummy and it seems the proportions of ingredients are right-on (at least to my palate).  I love the hand-made dumplings.  My favorites are the chicken and mushroom ones with your standard soy-vinegar sauce.  They are served right off the fry pan- delicious!  I don't often order the ramen, but customers raved about it when I was there.  The Tonkotsu is my favorite, and I am a sucker for the flavored egg.  Order an extra, and add the pork belly!  You won't regret it.Finish your dinner with the green tea creme brulee and you'll have had an awesome meal.  :)
4	Umami has wonderful buns. They taste great, and who doesn't want to meet friends at a place where you can make semi witty jokes about buns.They only take reservations for 6+ so all the more reason to make this your dinner with friends spot.The atmosphere is great. It is cute and hipster, so everything you want from Willy Street.I don't exactly see eating lots of hot carbs and then wanting to dance, but it is right across the street from Plan B, so I suppose if that sounds appealing to you, it would be awfully convenient.
5	My rate is solely based on their steamed pork buns. They are one of the best I've had (they melt in your mouth!). I am a sucker for ramen and this is not one of my favorite but not terrible either. All in all a good place to visit. Be sure to get one of their "flavor bombs" for your ramen, you will not be disappointed!
4	Dumplings are the best I've ever had! Wonderful atmosphere and environment inside the restaurant. Can't beat their prices either. We have made this a weekly occurrence. The place itself is rather small inside so if there is a larger group (or louder individuals) prepare to listen to them all night.
4	Overall, an enjoyable dinner in a nice atmosphere.The variety of dinner offerings are quite vast for a rather small menu. Known for dumplings, buns, and ramen, you might have a hard time deciding on which one to choose; so get one of each! That's what we did and were rather pleased. The buns have a pretty weird texture (they look like raw dough?) but are tasty nonetheless.Don't let the grandma's house appearance from the outside fool you. Inside is done up quite nice with orange walls and soft lighting.Oh, and the booze. Although this isn't a place I would come running back for a Friday night out, the lychee saketini was a wonderful compliment to the conglomerate of Asian dishes we ordered. Highly recommend.
5	Have been coming to Umami for a year or so now and have never had a bad experience. I consider myself an adventurous eater and everything I have had so far is excellent. The seating is best during the summer as the deck is comfortable and much more fun that sitting inside. In the winter/fall when the close the deck the wait can get a little long, which may be my only concern. We waited for nearly an hour one night, but we stuck it out, which should say a lot.
4	Do yourself a favor and enjoy some pork buns at Umami.
3	Before I get down and dirty here with my pretentious opinions, let me start by saying Umami is definitely as close to authentic ramen as you can hope to find this side of Chicago. I had the tonkotsu ramen and it was plenty good. If you've never had the real thing (or you have, and now you're jonesing hard for anything resembling it) go forth, shell out twelve bucks, and enjoy the experience (if you don't mind your beers on the warm side, enjoy it with a draft, too.) Umami is tasty, and you could really do a lot worse.However, I have a few not-so-quibbling quibbles. My biggest complaint concerns ramen toppings (or the lack thereof.) Umami doesn't offer any of the traditional ramen condiments you might expect with your bowl of soup if you've had ramen in Japan (or heck, even in a large American city.) If you're going to call yourself a ramen bar, you really have to offer 7-spice pepper (shichimi togarashi), pickled ginger (benishoga), and toasted sesame seeds on the table. With all due respect to Umami's right to charge a dollar for a side of sriracha and red pepper flakes, serving supposedly legit ramen without offering the 3 cardinal condiments (for free or otherwise) is kind of like opening a burger and fries joint while being unaware of the existence of ketchup. Tonkotsu ramen especially just isn't authentic without pickled ginger on the side, and the fact that Umami doesn't know this is frankly kind of weird.Less significantly, for $12 I'm not expecting a veritable trough of ramen, but I'd at least like the bowl to be more than half full - we are talking about broth and noodles after all; this is the cheap-arse, midnight staple food of drunk salary-men, not haute cuisine. My final verdict: Umami is imminently edible, but not remarkable. The ramen could stand a more reasonable price, given the product, and it absolutely suffers from the lack of traditional compliments, but it has passably authentic, good, deep flavor. I can recommend it once, just for the hey....My water glass did smell like mouth, though.
3	Points for being a rehabbed home, but that's where most of the excitement stops. Staff has never been all to welcoming/friendly/warm/suggestion-oriented and honestly up and down Willy I can get some pretty mean dumplings at a number of places. Their buns are tasty though, I'll give them that, but I just don't think it's worth the trip for one specialty item.
4	Me and my entourage were really excited to try this restaurant. I really enjoyed it and I don't really enjoy Asian food of any kind. Parking was a little difficult, but I've come to expect that about downtown Madison. We were seated after waiting 10 min. Nice little Japanese decor, but it sounded like 60's music playing. Good menu selection. I had a very basic dish because I don't gravitate towards the food, like I mentioned. Dish was quite tasty. The others in my party enjoyed theirs as well. Dessert was amazing. Mine was an ice cream sandwich which was to die for. Total bill for 3 people: $80. Just watch what you drink, even non-alcoholic drinks, because there are no free refills.
4	I enjoyed the veggie ramen here while in town visiting a college friend.  It was delicious, and now I'm motivated to seek out some good ramen spots in Boston!  There were numerous vegetarian options, fun add-in's for your ramen (like a "shot" of hot sauce or an infused egg), and the interior was pleasant - a mix of trendy and homey, I'd say.
2	I ate at Umami on Wednesday, May 1, 2013. FOOD 3/5I ordered tea, a summer roll appetizer, and dumplings. Below are the menu items I ordered, with my opinion of each."Summer roll  $5 assorted vegetables, peanuts, sesame, herbs and tofu wrapped in rice paper with spicy peanut sauce"The summer roll was very pretty, but also very bland. I didn't detect any significant quantity of herbs or seasonings, and 90% of the filling was plain white cabbage. The peanut sauce was acceptable, but I've certainly had better."Dumplings (six for $6 / nine for $8) choice of one sauce per order: soy vinegar, sweet or spicy sauce -- pork and chives, the classic, with Taiwanese cabbage, Chinese chives, and ginger"The dumplings were very good. The balance of filling to wrap was just right, and they were browned on one side, providing both the taste of a fried dumpling along with the soft texture of steamed dough. I wanted to order a variety of dumplings (ideally three of each kind) but that is not allowed, so I only got one type."Tea"It was served in a pretty 4 oz cup, extremely hot. It wasn't anything to write home about, but it was a Japanese style green tea. (It's frustrating to eat at an Asian restaurant and have European tea, or Lipton, and they didn't do that.) I would have preferred a small pot with my tiny cup, or failing that a medium sized cup.SERVICE 1/5I found the service to be severely lacking. When I entered the establishment, it was early in the evening and there were only 2-3 customers. The first employee I saw simply looked at me and walked behind the bar. The second simply looked at me. After being stared at for a few seconds, I said, "I'd like a table, please" and she said, "OK." After a few more seconds of standing there silently I said, "For one" and she said, "OK" and lead me to a table. During this conversation a number of other employees hung around behind the bar having a personal discussion. I certainly don't begrudge employees some personal talk while business is slow, but I mention it because the unenthusiastic hostess and preoccupied staff combined to give the impression that my visit was rather a burden. After I was seated a waitress asked my left shoulder what I would like to drink. (I may be exaggerating a bit when I say that she was speaking to my shoulder, but when sitting alone at a table with no other people or furniture in the way, I rather expect anyone speaking to me to stand somewhat in front of me, aim their body in my general direction, and look roughly toward me. I think the only time I saw her face was when she eventually brought me a bill.) I was driving and not planning to drink alcohol, so I asked if soft drinks were on the menu. The waitress said, "Yes. No. We have coke products." I asked for tea, which she agreed to, but later discovered that they carry specialty sodas and other nonalcoholic beverages.I would have liked some more tea, which I didn't get. I would have liked some more water, which I didn't get. I would have liked a bowl of ramen, which I didn't bother to order since I didn't really feel welcome.(Edit: I did receive what I ordered, and I did leave a 15% tip.)ATMOSPHERE 3/5The building, decor, lighting, etc. are pleasant and attractive. While my preference may be for Japanese music, the indie rock they played was unobtrusive, inoffensive, and commercial free. Most important, the volume was just right, audible, but not so loud that it would overpower conversation.PRICE 3/5Prices are exactly what I would expect for this type of restaurant in this location. Happy hour from 5:00-7:00 Monday-Thursday offers 2 for 1 beer, sake, and rails.OTHERThe menu includes clearly labeled vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free items in each category.Parking is available on site (not the case for most businesses in this neighborhood) as is a bike rack.Despite my lackluster first impression, I'd like to try Umami again someday. I like their menu, and by all accounts their ramen is very good. It's possible that I simply visited at a bad time.
2	They ran out of buns the night that we were there. Boo. The Ramen was ok. They charge you for the hot sauce (don't think it was even house made--maybe just Sriracha?). Really? I mean it should be standard for a bottle of it to be on the table. Their dumplings were SMOTHERED in oil and I am NOT a fan of that. If we have to be back fine, but trust me I won't be the one to suggest it.
4	The ramen is not cheap as others have said, and 12 dollars does seem like a lot for the simple ingredients.  However, it is tasty, and as someone who craves ramen a lot, its awesome to have a "healthy" ramen option in town to stop me from eating maruchan ramen. That being said, the BUNS are AMAZING.  They are also not cheap, 7 dollars for 2 small ones, but wow they are so good.  You can also get these buns at umami's food cart in library mall, usually there monday-friday.  I highly recommend the pulled pork buns, which have a peach-miso sauce (they say chutney, I say sauce). Will certainly be eating more of these buns in the future, but wouldnt go running back for the ramen (I had the miso chicken ramen), which is ironic because I had originally gone there for the ramen with no intention of trying the buns.
3	They need some competition because they are definitely overcharging. Nonetheless, it's still good.
5	THE best food in Madison. Hands down. I dream about several dishes off the Umami menu. Must haves are the tuna poke, the cold noodle special and my absolute favorite thing in the world: the beef buns. Their flavors are unlike anywhere I've been. The staff is all friendly and attentive, the patio is awesome for spending time enjoying your dinner outside, and the drinks are fun and unique as well. Some other reviewers mentioned the pricing being high but I've never noticed it being anything above reasonable. No doubt you should check it out!
2	Walking in felt pretty special - there's a bar to the right, a seating area in the middle, and a fair bit of al fresco seating to the left - a nice option for those perfect Madison summers. The walls have some interesting bits of art like slabs of wood dipped in paint that enhance the atmosphere. We tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and it was really salty. I liked that a soft-boiled egg came with it, but it tasted like it was made earlier that day and reheated. Same goes for the noodles. I could be wrong about how they do the prep, just going with my tastebuds here.For me, the only benefit of going out to eat dumplings, buns, or ramen are to experience the freshly made kind without the hassle. So when the Ramen ingredients tasted assembled rather than made-to-order it was truly disappointing for me. I don't think I'd be back for the food. The saketini menu looked interesting, and we went with the Tokyo Snow Pear. It wasn't too sweet which was good, but I mostly tasted pear juice and slightly flat soda water. It's possible that by this time my senses were dulled from all that salt. If there is a next time, I'd go with a beer.
5	Wow.  Just wow.  Ambiance was perfect.  Service was perfect (gaaaaaah, wish I had remembered our server's name... blonde, female, piercings... if the owners read this she seriously needs to be congratulated on being outstanding in every way.  Accommodating, informed, funny).  Patio looked lovely but after an 86 degree day of being outside, we decided to sit inside for some much needed a/c.  Mango mojito made me forget all about the  heat.  Tuna Poke appetizer was FABULOUS.  Ahi Tuna melted in your mouth, blended well with the apple cucumber slaw. Loved my Tonkotsu Ramen Pork dish.  Can't wait to go a second round with all my leftovers tomorrow!  After reading the complaints on pricing, I can say I felt juuuuuuust fine with the price for the service and quality of food.  Full belly+amazingness+stellar service=satisfied girl.
4	I'd compare the pork buns to those we had at Momofuku Saam Bar in NYC.  We also like the dumplings but the ramen not so much.
4	I was introduced to dim sum while in San Francisco, and one of the things I can't get out of my mind from that trip are the steamed pork buns I had while in Chinatown. I've been poking around on Yelp, searching for a place with quality pork buns, and quite honestly, have been afraid to give many places a try.I called Umami tonight and placed an order for carry out. A super friendly and helpful hostess took the order, offered a suggestion, and said the food would be ready in about 10-15 minutes. I walked over to Umami and the same hostess immediately greeted me, thanked me for the order, and said the food would be out in just a few minutes. In the interim, I scoped out the place, which was largely empty, although it was a Sunday night, so I can understand it being a bit slow. The bar area is pretty cool; I'd like to spend a happy hour or two here soon. The bartender was continually commenting to fellow employees about how slow it was, and how the night was going to suck. A bit of a turn-off, but I'd be leaving as soon as my food was ready, so no biggie.The food arrived, I paid in full, and returned home to dig-in. The to-go order was superbly packed; the containers held heat without making the food soggy or gross. The chopsticks and napkins were a welcomed touch.First up: steamed pork buns, which threw me for a loop. I wasn't used to seeing them served "open face style" (for lack of a better term). The few I've had have been more like "puffs" with stuffing in the middle. Regardless, the mantou buns were incredibly tasty, and the filling was even more delicious. The pork belly was meaty, flavorful, and featured an excellent sear. Yummo.The pork and chive dumplings with spicy sauce were excellent. Full of flavor, these pan seared beauties were simply divine. The spicy sauce definitely reminded me of Sriracha and ketchup, but it complimented the dumplings quite well.After this first visit, I'm a fan. I'd love to return and sample more of the menu.
4	We had a wonderful time tonight at Umami during Restaurant Week! We've never been here before, but I hope we'll go again many more times.I should mention that usually I hate Chinese steamed buns ... mostly because I think the texture is odd, and the ones I've had before were filled with weird tastes that were new, but unappealing. NOT HERE. I was sad I only got to have one bun as part of the Restaurant Week menu, but never fear, there's a food cart right by my job!I got the spicy tofu bun and loved it. It was not spicy enough/as spicy as I was expecting, but it was still tasty. Then I got the vegan dumplings -- excellent as well, but they kept falling apart. Then, a veggie ramen bowl. It was a perfect summer night, and a little chilly, so the ramen was also perfect. It got pretty heavy and salty for me by the end but I loved all the veggie flavors and noodles. I also love the noodles are made by R.P.'s ! Lastly, I tried the black sesame mochi. No complaints here!Our waitress was nice, location was great, etc. Thanks Umami!
4	Smoked tofu, bok choy, and shiitake dumplings = party in the mouth.O-sha Mark = perfect bourbon drink cut with refreshing tea and mint. On the rocks.Service = one of the best servers I've had in Madison. Personable, helpful, genuine. I'llllllll be back!
5	Delicious! The ramen is really really good, drinks are amazing, and the dumplings are to die for! They're absolutely delicious, everything is freshly made, and the staff/service is wonderful. First timers should feel comfortable going, they'll recommend options for you and help you pair courses. Highly recommend it!
4	Great dumplings and nice choices for a ramen bar.  Tasted very nice and fresh.  Good job.
3	We were first time eaters here and they knew it. We asked what the buns were for goodness sake. Our questions weren't answered terribly well though so we could have ordered better with some help.The mojito was the best drink I had in Madison all week. The staff was nice, the patio was pleasant.We ordered some pork buns, veggie and pork dumplings and I got Ramen. I really wish they had mentioned that unless you order some of the toppings the ramen is pretty bland. Later a friend said, oh yeah, you are meant to order some of the special additions listed below for your ramen. Aah...it was so bland without it we didn't even eat it.Out of everything we had the only item that had wow factor was the mojito. Everything else was ok or good.  It wasn't terribly expensive, $15 ea for more food than we could eat and one alcoholic bev. Dang, wish I had known about the toppings.
5	LOVED IT!  We started with the spicy tofu buns and the chicken and shiitake dumplings which were both amazing.  Love the flavors of the pickling and the delicious sauces to dip these in....mmmmmm.  I had the shoyu ramen with a spice bomb, one word "delicious!" We also happened to be there for happy hour which was a bonus as it was 2 for 1 rail and tap.  I will definitely be going back as I am already craving the spicy tofu buns!
4	Because of the great reviews I though I should try this place out. It was not as great as I expected but it was okay. I ordered the Shoyu dish. The noodles could of been softer and there could of been less chives. I'm not a fan of seaweed so I just pulled it out as the waitress served it. I loved how the meat were thinly sliced and I got a good amount of it. It came with corn which was interesting but not bad. The location wasn't bad. They have parking in the back but I wouldn't bother with it. Not enough stalls and I believe the cars belonged to some of the workers. We parked on the street. It wasn't difficult for me to find the restaurant because I was expecting it to be difficult according to some of the reviews. Overall, it i went in with too high of hopes. I wouldn't think of going back just because i don't want to pay more then $8 for a bowl of noodles. I would go only go back if I went with someone who wanted to try it out.
2	I was pretty underwhelmed by Umami. Yes, they serve dumplings. They're no better or worse than dumplings I've eaten at a Chinese restaurant, or even those that I've bought that were made fresh with the sushi at the grocery store. The pork buns were not bad, but again, nothing spectacular. A little overpriced for what you get. Good specialty cocktails but nothing super amazing. Some friends ordered other dishes and everyone was pleased, but not ecstatic. Been there, done that, probably won't return.
3	My boyfriend and I gave Umami a try after discussing getting soup. We usually go to Ha Long Bay, which is not a comparison as they are different meals entirely, but we were hoping to expand our soup expertise.It's weird walking into a house, but the space inside is really quite nice. We were sat in a three table corner, which was a little snug and seemed too close at first, but was actually pretty cozy once seated.The atmosphere I would give more stars to. It is really quite surprising how nice it is inside and they did a good job utilizing the space.Staff wise they were very friendly. Our waters were never empty and our waitress, DeAnna, was really friendly. We started with the pork chive dumplings, which were good. We got the sweet sauce, which had a nice flavor. They were hot, but not too hot, and easy to eat. Cooked very well, but like other reviews say, they were simply just that: dumplings.Now for the Ramen. I know that it includes Rp pasta, but $11 was way too much for this size bowl. The soup came out, I had the veggie and my boyfriend had the tonkatsu, and it wasn't piping hot. Just a little more than warm. The presentation was nice, but once we dived in we found ourselves pretty underwhelmed. I enjoyed it a first, but the shiitake flavor both in the broth and in the whole mushrooms became very overwhelming about half way. My boyfriend, champ of soups, found the noodles to be a little lack luster but said that the egg in the soup was perfect. The egg was the best part.I tried veggie because I'm not a huge fan of pork or chicken, but it seemed that maybe the veggie dish required more of a chicken broth to balance out the shiitake mushrooms.I didn't finish my soup, but was offered a box which was nice. I don't think we will return for soup, but maybe for a drink and an appetizer. We will stick with our Thai noodle soups and continue on out soup journey.Staff A+ / Space B / Food C-
3	Ladies night out. We arrived at 5 and by the time we left the place was full. The buns are a must try.  One would expect them to be like gummy Wonder bread but I liken the experience of biting in to one as to taking a nip of a dense cloud. We shared a spicy pulled pork version and enjoyed it very much.  I enjoyed the seaweed salad, albeit a bit too sweet for me. A squeeze of lime could have done wonders. All dishes, though lovely and quite tasty, were too salty for each of our tastes, so be forewarned if you watch your intake. Only downside was the fight to hang on to my soup bowl as I slowly ate it.  I think they wanted our table and were hovering a bit too much at the end. We felt that we were rushed out the door.
4	One of my favorite date spots!  The inside is hip and cozy.  The ramen is cheap and filling.  One of my top recommendations for folks who are looking for something a little bit off the beaten trail.
5	I don't know why it is that I go so long without eating here...it always seems that 8-12 months pass between visits, but the entire time I'm eating at Umami, I'm thinking, "I could eat here everyday."My recent visit on November 7 was no different.The pork bun special that night was pulled pork and as always, they were served on what seems to be a cloud...a heavenly, lard-y cloud. Amazing.The ramen is fantastic and all of the dishes--dumplings, bun, ramen, etc.-- are built to be shared.Whatever you do, order two sets of pork buns right away--one will never be enough.Enjoy!
4	I have been looking for a place with ramen noodles and was so happy to stumble upon this place. Great food all around and it has a sushi bar! My friends and I will be coming back soon.
4	The flavor infused egg that is served in most of the ramen dishes is the bomb dot com. The pork/beef/tofu buns are nothing to sneeze at, the dumplings are appropriately dumpling-like, the drinks are drinkable.... But really my ability to qualitatively process anything else that is served at this establishment is disrupted by how hard I am jonesing for a flavor infused egg. It's a serious can't-miss.
5	Great dumplings and ramen! We ordered the classic dumplings as an appetizer, and they were fantastic. I also really liked the soy vinegar dipping sauce. I had the shoyu ramen, which was very flavorful and interesting. I've never had ramen before, and I really enjoyed it!The restaurant is inside a house, which makes it really cute. It has great decorations, and would be a great place for a date or a dinner with friends. It's not too big though, so it might be hard to get a table for a big group.I will definitely be back!
4	This house-turned-restaurant has character. Though it has a tiny parking lot connected to its driveway (looks like it belongs to a house), I don't mind walking a few minutes from street parking to get here. The saketinis are super sweet. I got the Tokyo Snow Pear, which is apparently one of the least sweet cocktails, but it was still super sweet. It wasn't my kind of drink, but it's interesting. If you're looking to try out an exotic drink, their menu has many choices.Get the dumplings (technically potstickers)! Each of the sauces is good, and the dumplings themselves are delicious. Be warned that if you are not accustomed to using chopsticks, don't start with dumplings. To better your enjoyment, just stick to a fork with these slippery snacks.The buns, in my opinion, are a waste of money. They don't offer that much food (~$7-8 and are pretty average). I would rather spend more money on the ramen. It's a good portion, and they know how to cook. I got the ramen with pork belly, and I couldn't get enough. The first time I came here, I went on a weekday night and had no wait for a group of 6. However, the place gets more crowded on the weekends. I recommend calling ahead of time to see how long the wait will be.
4	Great buns,  dumplings,  and ramen!  This was my first visit to Umami,  but I will definitely go back!  Love the vibe of the restaurant and the wait staff was super friendly and helpful in ordering.   Also,  great vegan selection!
4	Umami always delivers when I am hankering for some solid food.  My go to dishes are usually the pork burns along with the chicken and shrimp dumplings.  I feel the pork buns are some of the best in town.  The fattyness of the pork offset by the sliced cucumbers and hoisin sauce make it incredibly addicting.  This time, my girlfriend and I also went with the tuna poke.  Served with some variation of a chip, the tuna was fresh and evenly sauced with soy and sesame oil.  While I still feel the pork buns ruled the night, the poke was a nice change of pace.  Umami also is one of the few places that serves up Hitachino beer (little owl) so that is always a plus.
4	The funky-looking sake bar looks a little more upscale than you'd expect otherwise for this restaurant, which specializes in yummy comfort-filled noodles, dumplings, and other delicious items.  Definitely overlook the outside of the building and give them a try.  I've encouraged meat-eaters and vegetarians alike to try them and everyone's been very happy with this choice of restaurant. The smoked tofu dumplings really embody the umami concept, while the ramen bowls are huge and savory.
4	"Let's get some Japanese food""I love sushi""I meant ramen""Oh"I wrote a bunch of paragraphs about how the ramen here is between decent to great. It's probably too salty for Midwesterners. It might be too fatty, too. For me, I'd rather have more salt and fat. The bao, mantou, or steambun however you want to call it - those guys were good, too.But I don't really write reviews to tell people what's up and convince them to go to places.Food inspires me to talk about things. And Japanese noodles in Wisco is a good start. Asian noodles riff off each other all the time, and they're constantly changing and evolving. Ramen itself was an import to Japan, and it has been undergoing more changes to its formula than almost any food. But Madison doesn't seem to take many food risks. This is a ramen shop that would be equally at home in Milwaukee or Chicago, but it's here in Madison. This place could be uniquely Madison by sourcing its products more locally (go RP's) or it could portray the idea of what Madison food *is*.That second idea is interesting in that to me Madison food at the moment is Wisconsin food in general. It's the Old Fashioned. We have a burgeoning 'food scene' but that's for hipsters and exclusionary. There are a few standouts like Pel'Meni or Banzo, but in general it seems like most places in Madison that have tried to do something different and not established can't find any traction. I was going to bring this back to Umami and how I wish they did hipper ramen like you see in bigger cities, but I think that's an unfair burden. This is Madison, and foreign food is foreign food. We can't have too much of that.I digress. I'm sure I'll eat here again and I'm sure I'll talk more about Madison food. Some other time tho.
3	I really wanted to LOVE this place. I had heard a lot of hype (I know, the death knell for most experiences is to get sucked in my the hype) and I had pretty high expectations.  Reality was: the ramen was good, but not life-changing great as I had been told. The dumplings in my opinion were sub-par; dumpling haus has better. The buns were basic buns. The prices, in my opinion, were a bit high.  The ambiance was nice but we were seated in this room off to the side and I felt a bit isolated from the rest of the diners, which I know shouldn't be an issue, but it's kinda weird to sit alone in a room when the other part of the restaurant is buzzing with activity. Is it worth a try? Definitely. Is the food decent? Yes, certainly. Is it drastically different from other ramen places I have visited? Yes - but only in that it seems a bit more expensive than other ramen places I have been to.  However, it is the only ramen place that I am aware of in Madison - therein lies the rub!
3	I'm going to keep this short and to the point.  Went once, would not go back.   It probably doesn't earn three stars but it is better than two stars so I'm generously giving them three.  I had pulled pork buns, beef buns and miso ramen.  The food is overly salty, all of it.  The miso ramen is average in flavor and the noodles in the ramen taste like they are mass produced product, overall the miso ramen was subpar.  In addition to sub-average food, the kitchen and server weren't sure if shellfish was an ingredient in the pork ramen broth nor were they sure if shellfish was an ingredient in the chicken ramen broth.  This lack of ability to answer a food allergy question puzzled me when we ordered, but once I ate the poor meal it made more sense to me-apparently nobody knows nor gives a crap about what's going into the food or what's going out of the kitchen.I lied, this is not short, the more I thought about Umami the more I was compelled to write.Don't go, it's a 2.5 star restaurant, it sucked.
3	Dropped by for a drink on 3/31; ended-up staying for dinner.+ Sat at the bar, which was empty at 6:15pm on Monday night+ Happy hour runs from 5-7pm; 2-for-1 taps, rails, and sake+ Bartender was prompt and eager to help- Bartender stayed *extremely* eager/anxious/persistent through entire visit, until it came time to pay the check; then she was M.I.A.- Bartender never exchanged any pleasantries - it was *all* business and only about getting more things for us; no "how are things?" or "you're welcome" - it was, "you ready for another round?" or "ready to order entrees?" - with as dead as it was, she seemed to be in a hurry to get us out of there+ Saketini was excellent+ Tuna Poke (essentially tuna tartare) was good; a bit over-dressed, but decent- Ramen was mediocre; despite being pork, it tasted more like seafood- Sorbet was ok- Overpriced. $12 for a bowl of ramen, plus $1.50 to split it into two bowls, plus $1 for "flavor bombs"? I'm sorry... a bowl of soup with some noodles and a smattering of super-shaved pork should not cost $16. Our light meal (one appetizer, splitting an order of dumplings and splitting an order of ramen, sorbet, plus a few drinks (all during happy hour)) cost $81 with tip. That's a tad outrageous in my opinion. I'm still not sure how it all added-up to be so expensive - I hate being nickle-and-dimed by places. For comparison, my last dinner at Forequarter was $74 with tip, and we had a much better meal and experience.
4	I beg to differ with many reviewers on the service at Umami. I thought it was really great. Perhaps the past lackluster servers have moved on, because it seemed like all servers here were quite attentive. I had Shannon as my waitress and she knew the menu in and out and was totally willing to answer any questions, and gave solid drink and food recommendations. I ended up ordering the summer roll as an appetizer. Not entirely my thing, but that's just me. My dining mate really enjoyed it, along with the spicy peanut sauce. The miso ramen came next, and was pretty good. Strangely comforting. Could eat it for days with a smile on my face. For dessert I ordered the mango Mochi (on a mango kick as of late) and was in heaven. Perfect end to a pretty perfect meal.Oh, and the interior is super awesome. Bravo to whoever fancied up the place.
4	Went with my daughter on a brisk spring evening.  The atmosphere is both hip and comfortable.  We sat at the bar and began with a perfect martini.  The pork and chive dumplings were outstanding-everything you want from dumplings but seldom find.  They were succulent, light, and flavorful.  I had the tonkotsu ramen and added pork belly and the spicy bomb.  The broth was good and the pork and especially the pork belly was tasty.  The spicy bomb would have benefitted by a more complex mixture of flavors.  My daughter had the miso ramen with chicken.  She felt that it was a bit bland.  We both thought that a runny, rather than hard-boiled, egg would have enhanced the flavors and textures. Service was efficient and friendly.  All told, it was a pleasant and very affordable evening out and perfect for a cold spring day.
5	PAT-I-O! This is one of my favorite outdoor dining spots in Madison. Come on people, we live in Wisconsin, we gotta soak up those rays and warmth while we can!While we're talking about spring, try the spring rolls. They're super fresh and the peanut/spicy sauces are divine.  Annnnd obligatory dumpling mention. I could eat the vegan dumplings every day for the rest of my life and not get bored, but instead fall progressively deeper and deeper in love with them.
4	Always enjoy going to Umami! Try the pork buns and dumplings to start.. or just get a bunch to share along with some cocktails and call it a night! The patio is a lovely place to sit outside on Willy St. and the casual atmosphere is always relaxing. Definitely worth checking out.
3	Really yummy dumplings, including a vegan option with tofu. I also had the arugula mushroom salad, which was tasty as well (I added smoked tofu too). They have vegan ramen but I didn't try it as the bowls looked enormous and I really wanted the dumplings, but I tried a friend's broth and it was good, though not the best I've ever tried. The machta green tea is great too. Overall, I don't need to go back regularly, but definitely will next time I need a dumpling fix!
1	My wife and I go out for lunch a lot.  We do not live in the city which makes it hard for us to enjoy dinner there.  Umami is only open for dinner.  We happened to be in town a bit later yesterday and went to try them out.  This place has always intrigued us.  Not any more!We each ordered a plate of dumplings.  She had a plate of six vegan and I had nine pork.  We split a summer roll as an appetizer.  We enjoyed our drink and the roll.  It went downhill from there.  About 15 minutes or so after we finished our appetizer, our waiter stops by to tell us that they accidently served one of our entrees to another table and if we could choose another appetizer, on them, to nibble while they recooked our meal.  He served us our free App.  After another 15 min or so after we finished, someone shows with our food.  THey served me the six dumpling plate when I ordered nine.  I mentioned that to the girl and she said she would tell my waiter.  When I was about half done with my plate, the waiter stops be and I mentioned this again to him.  He finally shows up with my other three dumplings about 20 minutes after I finished the original six!  I denied the other three and asked they be removed from the bill so we could get out of there.  A manager never showed his/her face.The intrigue is gone.  We have lived and eaten in the Madison for ten years and have NEVER gotten worst service as we did last night.  No, We will never return.
4	The food was great! The staff was not. nice decor. There is on street parking which is usually available. Downside is it does't open until 4
5	Great customer service by DoranHe was courteous and super friendly.The food was fast and delicious.Try the spicy pork buns!
4	Pork buns is a must try. For the ramens, I prefer miso ramen, which has the right amount of flavor~
3	For the price, not really spectacular. Pork buns were the best but ramen too salty. We split the ramen between us but were never told it would be an extra charge. Kind of lame. Hipster vibe but without the top notch quality hipsters usually demand.
3	Perhaps I am spoiled by my last ramen experience, but Umami was just "okay" to me. The pork belly, soup and noodles were all less tasty than other ramen restaurants I've tried. This place is also a little more expensive than I'm used to.
3	I had a bowl of shoyu (soy-based) ramen with thinly slicked pork and I also added a portion of extra pork belly. They certainly know what to do with the pork. It was very delicious. What I didn't do was adding an extra shot of spicy bomb. The noodle soup wasn't very hot, like pho usually is. I am not sure whether that's the way it is with Japanese soup or mine just wasn't heated right. Sitting in the patio was a treat. Although my table was very close to our neighbors, but the noise level was comfortable. Will definitely go back again.
4	Great experience for my first time at Umami. I was back visiting from Virginia (I grew up near Madison), and a friend and I landed here after skipping another restaurant that was wayyyy too crowded.As another reviewer quoth, the amiable Doran was pleasant and helpful; clearly he likes working here.I'm only one level up from CheapSkate, and I thought that the prices were quite reasonable, so I don't understand others' complaints about the prices. For a happening joint with a hip vibe (including great overhead music--and NOT too loud), I felt like I got a lot for my money. Only $7-$8 for fancy Saketinis (though we didn't try them), $8 for a 9-piece (!) order of delightful chicken&mushroom dumplings, $7 for two of the best damned bulgogi buns that a person could hope for...The sauces were delicious, the pickled vegetables were full of subtle flavors, and the tuna app (though a bit over-priced at $10) hit the mark. The two of us went away full and happy (and we each had a glass of wine) for about $42 plus tip. If two people are spending $81, maybe ya oughta do some pre-drinking (and take a cab, please).: )Way to go, Umami! I'd gladly come back.
4	I love the dumplings here. The ramen is pretty damn good too. I can't say I like the building much. The staff are friendly and the location isn't bad. My biggest problem is the price. I know it's a higher class ramen, but I could still make it at home and don't want to pay so much. Which would be why I haven't been back.
5	3.5 stars?  Way better than that, especially for the money.  I recommend sharing an order of pork belly buns and veggy dumplings and getting your own bowl of miso raman with smoked tofu.  Sit outside if the weather allows and watch people on Willy St.
4	The food was really good. The Ramen (miso and tonkotsu) had a rich broth with plenty of noodles and spices. There was not a huge amount of meat in either soup, but there was enough to add some pork flavor to it.The dumplings were very tasty-- plenty of filling inside and a crispy exterior. My favorite were the pork and shrimp. They had a different flavor than the standard pork and chive, while the pork didn't overwhelm the shrimp. The buns were probably the highlight of our meal. We had the pork belly, bulgogi, and pulled pork buns. All had great flavors, sauces, and balance of tastes. The buns were perfectly soft but still held up well beneath the fillings. The worst part of the meal was the service. It seemed everyone in the restaurant had to wait at least an hour for their meal. I'd recommend this place for the merit of the food, but if you need a quicker meal, you probably want to go elsewhere until you have a long time to commit.
3	I ordered the tonkatsu ramen. The broth was milky and relatively flavorful. It was a bit on the salty side. The pork was pretty tender and the egg was cooked just right with the yolk being a little runny. I was a little disappointed with the noodles. They weren't very eggy, chewy, and al dente. For Madison, I would give the place 3 stars. It can't compare to NYC or California.
3	The food and service was really good. I agree with some of the other reviews which say that the ramen doesn't really compare with ramen places in other parts of the world (I haven't been to Japan but I have been to a few pretty authentic places in NYC and Hawaii). That being said, it's still a great meal. I didn't try the pork buns, but that's definitely on my list when I go back (emphasis on the *when*).
4	Really good pork belly buns. The best tonkatsu ramen you will get in Wisconsin. Nothin compared to all the real authentic and delicious tonkatsu ramens in other cities, but when desperation hits, this does it. There's a small parking lot in the back and ambience is small and cute. Outdoor seating is really popular
3	After going to places in California, New York and even Washington D.C this place did not seem to even come close. The ramen did not taste as good as it looked, the flavor was a little more bland than anything else.but the best part of the meal was definitely the buns, those were really good. We got both the pork belly and the bulgogi buns. and if you had to chose one, well DON'T get both! I promise you it will probably be the best part of your meal!Service was okay, waitress didn't really come back to check on us after bringing our food. She also didn't give us the information that the other customers got.If I were to go here again, I'd just get different flavor buns as my entree.
4	This place has surprisingly good ramen, given that it's in the middle if the Midwest. Coming from California, it was a bit disconcerting to be in a Japanese restaurant and not see a single Asian worker, but I guess that's just the way it is in the Midwest. I have been twice in two different trips to Madison, and the ramen was consistent both times. Not overly salty, decent depth to the broth, and springy noodles, not mushy or soggy. Edemame we good, slightly too salty, though. The poke salad was fresh, and I lived to tell about it the next day... Always a good thing when dealing with raw fish. Bathroom was clean (always a plus) and the drink menu was pretty extensive, though I only had a beer.
3	Finally had a chance to stop by Umami's restaurant after having their delicious Bao's at the Farmer's Market. My overall experience was just average. The Food Our order consisted of a Brunch Ramen, and 2 Pork Belly Bun. I'd have to say the Brunch Ramen was something new, it consisted of bacon bits, egg, pork belly, and some sides such as cabbage, bamboo, and garlic. The broth was flavorful but just Luke-warm. Egg was cooked perfectly, not overcooked, still a bit runny just the way it should be. Pork belly wasn't the best, the fat to meat ratio was off; there was little to no fat It felt like I was eating a normal piece of pork. Bacon as a topping was new, I probably wouldn't get it again; it diluted the flavor of the broth and every bite tasted like bacon. The Buns Same issue, Pork belly was not fatty enough. Although the Buns were perfect still a bit moist, soft, and still hot when served. I remember it tasting 2x better at the farmer's market. Pricing Everything was reasonably priced, Ramen was $10 a bowl and then the buns were $3 per. Service Server's were very attentive. We were greeted and seated right away, no complaints.Decor Restaurant is basically inside an apartment/house like many other restaurants on Williamson street. Very small and comforting atmosphere. They do also have a bar in the middle of the restaruant. Parking Small parking lot behind the restaurant, so there's no need to look for parking. Overall Pork Belly could have been better. Baos were great Ambiance is small and comforting I'll probably give Umami another try during dinner hours.
5	Let me just say, this place I think is my new favorite restaurant in Madison.  Now I know I'm new here and I have a lot of other places to try...but oh my gosh...Umami hands down the best in Madison. The roommates and I decided to have a little night out, and stopped her for a late dinner around 9ish.  The wait was an hour, but we spent that time getting a drink across the street, and we weren't really in a huge hurry. Let me just first say, Umami is a very warm intimate, cozy place.  Our server was absolutely the best, super attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu. We started off with Edamane, which is hard to mess up anyway, but they were coated in a course salt, and perfect. Once it was time to put our order in, I ended up getting the Spicy Pulled Pork Buns.  I don't generally like Pork, but PULLED pork i'll make an exception for, and I was craving something spicy. When our food came out (and at a pretty speedy rate) the presentation of it all was great. My entree came with two Buns, with the pork in the middle of them, garnished with pickled carrots. As soon as I took my first bite into the Buns....I was in love. Honestly, the best thing I have ever had in my life.  The buns are almost like a spongy kind of bread that just absorbs all the goodness. The spicy yet sweet pork mixed with the pickled carrots all in one bite sent an explosion to my mouth.  I was very sad after I had scarfed them down, but just having the two medium sized buns was so filling.My roommates, and their friend decided on getting a dessert after the very filling meal. We ended up getting the Green Tea Creme Brulee, and the Red Bean, and The sesame Mochi.  Both fantastic. The Creme Brulee was so creamy, with a hard chocolate shell, and not overpoweringly sweet. The Mochi balls, so so good. It has almost like a jelly outer coating, with what I would compare to as Ice Cream in the inside. Both flavors were fantastic.I'll end the review by saying, I plan on stopping in a lot more, next on my list will probably be the dumplings! :)
4	This ramen and dumpling house was a great find. We started off the night with beef and spicy pork buns which both were outstanding. The half moon buns were soft and sticky and the meats were tender. The beef bun had a nice crunch from the cucumber along with a great mayo based sauce, while the spicy pork buns were quite spicy but delicious. We split a miso ramen soup (which adds 1.50) but the broth was great and the noodles were not too mushy and flavorful. Overall a great experience and a fun edgy environment!
4	Happiness! Rejoice! Hallelujah! Yippie!!!!!That was how I felt when I pulled into the parking lot of Umami. I drove from Appleton, Wisconsin with no water in the car and a full bladder. I was so thirsty but desperate for a bathroom. I could have stopped somewhere but I pushed it thru.I still took the time to appreciate the look of Umami from the outside as I was dancing holding it in. It wasn't what I expected. It's an old house converted to a Japanese noodle shop, with a cool patio seating area. Too bad, it was chilly and dark already but I could imagine it would be nice in the summer. Also, I liked that they have a small private parking lot. The torch outside the front door also was a nice touch.The place was cozy and trendy inside. It was pretty busy for a Monday night. I sat by the bar since dining solo..after hitting the ladies room of course! Whew...then, I was ready to try out some drinks and ramen. My stomach wanted to try the steamed buns, the dumplings plus a bowl of ramen. The brain said to myself that the stomach couldn't handle all those food. That was the bad part of eating alone. Not the fact you don't have a company to talk to. Hell, at times quiet is pretty fn nice. The bad part was the fact that you can't order more varieties of food.The bartender got me sold on the Tokyo Snow Pear Saketini. It was so delicious and refreshing! Oh, I was so ready for that! It hit the spot. I also got a cup of green tea. It was good! However, they charged me $2 for a cup and if I wanted more it would be $4 for bottomless. That's the only issue I have with trendy Japanese noodle houses...It's a sacrilege to charge for green tea at a Japenese place let alone a two tier pricing.The nice lady bartender told me the ramen special as I was checking out the menu. They had Tonkotsu pork broth ramen that I would have chosen if I didn't hear the special. They also have Shoyu, Miso, Vegan, selections. I opted for the Awase Ramen special made with a mixture of pork and chicken broths. It just sounded good and interesting.Not long, the noodle came. The bowl was a good size and it was garnished with plenty of corn, bean sprouts, and scallion. The infused egg looked tantalizing. I took a slurp of the broth... Mh.. It was hot. It was temperature hot..just how I like it. Usually, they tend to serve it lukewarm which I dislike. So far so good! Then, I savored it more.. and I tasted the sixth flavor.. (Salty, Sweet, Bitter, Sour, Umami, Bland)....yep, bland. It needed a little more umpf.I kept eating it and I enjoyed the taste of the corn, the nori, the pork belly, the noodle, the sprout, the runny yolk.... Then, I forgot about the bland broth. It tasted pretty good now. Plus, usually ramen is super salty and I could never finish it because of that. However this ramen...I was slurping away.At the end, I was torn about the broth. I am really really torn. I like it enough that I can't wait to come back. The noodle was really special. I could tell it was fresh made noodle. It didn't have the kinks of Tokyo noodle but it tasted wonderful! The pork belly was also pretty good except they were kinda light in the portion. There were only one full slice and a couple bits of it.I will be back and will try the Tonkotsu and the pork belly buns. I'll update my review then. I hope the next time the broth will give out the umami taste instead of bland. If not, the saketini will make it up anyway.Update December 4, 2014Came back for Shoyu Ramen and some shrimp and pork dumpling. Again it was bland, and I asked for soy sauce this time. My server asked if I prefer their seasoning sauce that had more of the umami quality than soy sauce. I said sure. It was perfect after I added a dash of the seasoning sauce. Yummm. The dumpling was homemade nice. I am not too crazy about the filling though. It felt like it was missing something, and the skin I thought was just a touch tough. I still enjoyed it though. I have to try the pork and chives dumpling next time.
3	I've been twice: once for just a drink, once for dinner.Both times the hostess was noticeably and memorably rude. This is something that really bothers me a lot. Hopefully we just were unlucky both times.I really like the ambiance of Umami. It manages to be hip and modern but very cozy at the same time. I will say that hill to the door should be taken care of better in the winter - it was almost impossible to walk down to our on the ice last year! Also, the bar is really small and some people are eating there so it's not worth trying to go for a just a drink. That was an uncomfortable experience. We ordered the Korean beef buns and ramen. The buns were tremendous. So flavorful and the sauce, meat and bread complimented each other perfectly. The ramen was okay, but just okay. I got the one that was a mix of chicken broth and pork broth and I didn't finish it all because the taste was pretty bland. I liked my roommates better; she ordered the tonkotsu (pork broth). She's more of a ramen aficionado than I am and was really unimpressed. It's also really overpriced. Were in Madison - you can't really get away with average, expensive food when there's so much awesome, inexpensive food.
3	Their ramen was mediocre... But there really isn't good traditional ramen in Madison.... Their buns on the other hand are delicious! I would go back for the buns and pass on the ramen... But that's probably because I've been to ramen tatasuya in Austin... And I don't think any other place can compare.
4	The ramen was nothing to write home about--that being said, the pork belly buns and bulgogi buns we ordered as our appetizer were AMAZING. I'm talking melt-in-your-mouth-oh-my-god-do-i-want-twenty-more amazing! They were marinated to perfection and the meat was tender. Minus 1 star only because of the "meh" ramen and sticky tables.(+) Pork belly & bulgogi buns A MUST(+) Small yet cozy with outdoor seating(-) Sticky tables(-) Ramen was just ok
4	Just had brunch... Kinda pigged out... The interior of the restaurant is nice, modern and clean... All three of the waitresses were nice greet my boyfriend and i quickly... We where told about the drink specials as soon as we were seated... I am bummed cuz I didn't catch the waitresses name but she was so quick and swear I just for a blink of an eye a filled water glass showed up... Same with all of our dishes... Speedy service... Everything was hot and tasted delicious... I was able to take a photo of most of our meal but I missed the pork buns because we gobbled them up so quickly... My boyfriend and I order  2 of the brunch ramens, beef buns, pork buns, coffee and a vet. Iced coffee everything was so good... We will definitely be visiting again to try the dinner menu...
4	Brunch. Ramen. A house in Wisconsin.While this sounds like a badly done MadLib, Umami is real, and it is very nice. It made me extremely nostalgic for Portland or Eugene's food scene. We went here for brunch after a wedding, where in true Wisconsin fashion, the Spotted Cow flowed and the Death's Door poured. So, we were in pain, and the typical brunch sounded awful. No pancakes or Bloody Marys please.I had the vegetarian breakfast ramen at Umami, and it was great! The only concern I had was that it could have been slightly spicier; but seeing as how it was a miso flavored soup, it makes sense. A new ramen option for brunch with a spicy broth would be great! The waiter was very attentive and kind (probably due to my brunch partner's moans of lager-induced pain) and even gave me an extra egg! The smoked eggs are DELICIOUS, by the way. Speaking of, my poor partner swore he was too ill to eat anything and just sipped his tea. The waiter kindly recommended the brunch dumplings, which were eaten soundly and enjoyed. Bacon and dumplings, how could one go wrong. The outside patio, where we sat, was very lovely, underneath trees. We felt like we were at a friend's house. The inside seemed dark though; probably very nice for dinner, but we were happy to be on the porch. We recommended this place to my brother and SIL in Madison, as SIL is a California transplant and misses her some ramen.
5	Awesome ramen. Good vegetarian selection.
5	Really good ramen, really good drinks, reasonable prices, and a nice patio.One thing to keep in mind if you eat outside on the patio: there were small/medium sized spiders along the rail on the patio.  For some people, this is horrible.  I don't mind the spiders, as they aren't going to randomly attack you, and frankly, they kept flying bugs away.  But if you don't like them, stick to the inside.
4	Overall, i'd say that I like Umami. It's certainly a different setting, as it feels like you're eating at a house rather than a business establishment. The large patio makes it a warm weather destination, as you're almost guaranteed outdoor seating. The service is fairly quick and also fairly pleasant. The dumplings are yummy. The buns are yummy, especially the spicy tofu. Especially since we're in Madison, where it seems to be impossible to get a freshly baked Chinese bun anywhere (someone tell me of a spot if you know it!). So, even just the fact that they serve good buns makes it a destination in this fair city.Although I like most of Umami's offerings, one thing that bums me out about Umami is how disappointing I find their Ramen to be. This could very well be that I just don't like Ramen, but I find it difficult and time consuming to eat, to the point where it's cold by the end. It's also surprisingly lacking in flavor. I realize you can order spice/garlic bombs to spruce it up, but I don't like the idea of having to pay for flavor for my dish. The broth makes up for the lack of noodle/tofu taste a bit though.The Ramen is the only dish there that I feel is appropriate for getting as an entree, as the buns/dumplings are more small plates. So, it deters me from coming here frequently. But, despite that, you can definitely have a good meal at Umami on occasion. I'd give a 2 for the Ramen, but a 5 for everything else. So, let's say a 4!
