4	I am new to the area, but I think this used to be J. Chew, based on conversations that I overheard and a little bit of research on Yelp.I really liked my first experience here, largely because of the friendly atmosphere that Renee, the bartender, creates.  Granted, she is helped by the size of the bar.  It is small, but that is its charm.  One can enter, sit, and get to know the others at the bar within moments.  It makes for that neighborhood bar "where everybody knows your name" kind of feel.A turnoff for me was when I asked what type of bar or what entertainment, if any, was going to be offered.  I was told, "I am not certain we know yet."  In my opinion, if you are already open and serving customers, it is too late.  But who knows what can happen?  The place definitely has potential!
4	Brackin's is my new favorite day drinking spot.  The bar itself is located perfectly within a tucked-away area in the Old Town Scottsdale mall area.  The atmosphere is very relaxed, and when the owners swing by, they really make an effort to get to know you.  Prices are also very relaxed, with bottled beer landing right around $3 for domestics.  All in all, if you are looking for a spot to hang out with a couple drinks, maybe enjoy some live music, and do some people watching; I would definitely recommend Brackin's.
5	OK, I am a little concerned that I am spending so much time here...but I can't HELP it!  It is so perfectly between club scene and dive bar scene, neither of which I am a fan.  It's new without being pretentious; it's energetic without being loud.  I like it!  I like the location.  I like the people (both the people who work there and the people who play there).  I like the prices.  And I love the vibe!
5	This place was once known as J Chew and Company. I loved that place and this new version is still great.So comfy, so casual, so welcoming and so non-scottsdaley it's just the best.
5	What a great little bar! I had not been there since it was J Chew, but our dear yelperrific friend Michael C is now behind the bar every Tuesday evening. I am so happy I wandered over last night to congratulate Michael and add to the tip jar:) What a great hobby!As j Chew, this place was a nice little bar-bar (let's just go have a cocktail, no small plates, nothing like that, just a good pour of good liquor...yay!:), but it's frankly even better in this incarnation!Comfortable as an old shoe (but smelling considerably better), and as friendly as new puppy (but, again, smelling considerably better:).I am so happy, that I am moved to write a haiku about the experience (with a nod to Abu J who is inspiring me to get in touch with my inner poet:)Glenlivet arrivesthen, happily do I drinkRefill please, Brackin'sI'll see you there (I'm the one on the 3rd stool from the left:)
5	Quaint and friendly Brackin's is always a great option for kicking off your evening and/or wrapping it up.  You are sure to meet an interesting character, maybe your next best friend.
5	Love this little bar!  Have to confess th at my wonderful wife was the designated driver tonight and just rolled my oput of the car!Great time & great little event organizized by Donald and/or MIchael.  Always great fun to spend  time with other yelpers and loosen up1.I can tel thAat my review is not up to teh usual standards but durnk reviewing is a new take on  a review too right?So greaty \ service and strong drinks here and I am frankly surprised at the low cost of getting snockerd at B rackin's !In the morning I will read this and sdecide if I should post it.Michael what was that last drink I had with the grape flavor!;?*morning*  Good times.
4	I have loved this place for over 20 years.  I have always loved the atmosphere and the way it opens up to the civic center sidewalks.  Very Cool.  The only thing that I didn't care for so much was that it was mostly an older crowd and pretty sedate and low key. (Not that being old is bad, remember I have been going to this bar for 20 years) But something happened when the new owners came in and changed the name. The crowd is much more fun then it used to be.  Not rowdy or obnoxious but just fun, nice people.  You can say all you want about this bar has cool drinks, or this bar has nice furniture, or this bar is inexpensive or whatever. Here is the bottom line on Brackin's.  When I am there, I feel comfortable. PERIOD.  It's like listening to an old record that feels like you have heard it for the first time all over again.  Oh and I love the new little meatballs they serve there.
5	Brackin's is exactly what Scottsdale so sorely needs.  A nice, friendly neighborhood joint to grab a drink for less than $10.00 (way less) that is unpretentious, warm, and inviting.  You don't even need fake boobies or cougar attire to get in, although I doubt you would be turned away!  I came with my husband for the first time for a Yelp event organized by Donald S.  Our own Michael C was not behind the bar that night but enjoyed the evening with all us Yelpers and made sure Brackin's knew to expect us.  This place is small!  But with the two patios, we were set.  The owner, Doug, treated us like family.  Our server, Renee, ran her little butt off and we were never without a drink in hand.  And the best part, clean bathroom!!
4	I will visit this bar every time I fly in from LA. I crawled pubs for 3 days and this is one pub that covers all the basis (except they don't serve food). When traveling alone you need a bar that is friendly with an environment where it is easy to make conversation, this is that bar! From the Bartenders to the guest, tourist and locals I felt as though I was at a party at a friends home. Now this was a busy night so it was a good crowd, but it was also a mid week night. Other highlights include....Booze, and lots of it at prices that remind me of the good ol days. The drinks were saloon like (nice and strong). Watch the games here! They have Flat screen TV's, Lots of outdoor area for smoking, or not and very efficient "misters" for the hot days (don't smoke under them). Anyway my thanks to "regular" Mike C a Yelper for the hospitality and to the owner for treating me like a regular. Can't wait to hang out again.
3	I don't do bars.  My Yelp friends seem to think I should change my habits as I think I've been in more bars of different types in the last 6 months than I have in my entire life.  I also don't do Scottsdale often as I usually find it out of my price range, especially after dark.  This place is an exception to that.I recently met up with a bunch of folks here for an evening of drinking and conversation.  The beer was reasonably priced, the service was great.  It's not "Scottsdale" at all, just a friendly neighborhood bar.  It is sort of hard to find so I imagine most of the customers are local and regular.  The owner was himself there that evening and passing out drink samples.  Inside was sort of tight, it isn't a real big place, but the patio area offers a couple of types of seating and the covered part is misted.  I did not go upstairs but one of the folks I was seated with did and said it was not very large.  At one point the sprinklers in the flower bed went on and gave a couple of folks a bath. :-)OK, for a bar it isn't bad.  I know a lot of folks are used to going one place to eat and then another for drinks afterward but it wasn't the norm for me.  However, I survived with the help of Fez en route.  Looking at the physical layout I don't think food can ever happen here.  The owner seems very open to bringing food in if you are buying drinks.  For those folks that are familiar with the area I bet there are a lot of take out food places within walking distance.  I was surprised to not have any beer on tap but given the lack of square footage maybe it allows him to have a wider variety?
5	I personally love this place. It's small and cozy, decent priced, and the bartenders are great! There's a huge parking garage nearby that you don't have to pay to park at. Being from LA I think this is totally the most awesome thing ever.
5	This place is great!!! Michael has been telling me about this place for months and I finally showed and I am glad I did. What a great hang out. I am not the typical big bar, dance club, scottsdale type. So this place for me was perfect. Nice and cozy, very inviting. The owner was there working making sure everyone was happy. It was his wife's birthday, so they had food. Don't know if that is normal, but it was nice to see. I personally like the layout. The prices are second to none, especially in Scottsdale. Definately a must for everyone. Thanks Michael for the recommendation to this place. Great job Brackin's!!!
4	A quaint, cozy and creative little space.  A great place to chill out, kick back and relax with a couple or small group.
5	Great prices! Great people! Great atmosphere! Great service! Now get down there allready!!!!
5	Came here last night after leaving the murder of douches (shoutout to ben!) at Loco Patron. This place was a much needed change from the fratty atmosphere of LP.I've always seen this place when I used to work at Pure, but never found the time to make it over. I'm so glad I finally did. This place is cute and I'm sad the old owners left because I knew them from Pure and they were awesome!So my friend and hit this place up around 10 because our party of 15 had dwindled to us (You can tell who the real alcoholics are!).  This place had a few people in it, and we decided to hit up the bar.  The guy Josh was awesome!  He is my old co-workers roommate and was really friendly.  I always had a bottle of Sunshine in front of me!  And he made us a variety of shots.  Love when bartenders take the wheel and just do everything they can to get you drunk!  You were awesome Josh!  I hope to be back here soon!
4	Only four stars, because they don't have beer on tap and It irks me to pay $4 for bottled beer. Other than that, I'm in love! I've recently found myself here on weekend nights, because it's got everything I need. I understand that they are recently under new management, which is fine by me. Servers and bartenders are super nice and always make sure I have a drink in my hand. I think they are going to be getting stand up heaters, which will certainly help on those chilly nights when I need to chain smoke and drink copious amounts of Stella. I'll see you soon, Brackin's.
5	was here last year for spring training.  josh the bartendar made it awesome.  good priced drinks and lots of fun.  a nice mixed crowd.  nothing fancy, just good times.  going back again this year for spring training again.  have my drinks ready josh.
5	Very cool little place to have some great drinks and atmosphere to match. Lots of places to take a date and find your own little corner to commiserate. Bartenders are friendly and know how to make good tasting drinks. If you like off nights to go out like I do then check out Old Town Tavern.
5	Great atmosphere, comfortable vibe, fun friendly crowd and staff to match.  Old Town Tavern is the spot for any night of the week you want to relax with a beverage.  You will be completely comfortable by yourself- you'll make friends- or you can bring your own.
5	My new favorite bar in Scottsdale.  Really quaint and great people.  Not at all like other Scottsdale bars with rude people, bartenders who could care less.  Definitely go when Holly Kirsten is playing!!  And be sure to try Josh's Malibutini!
5	I have had the occasion to visit you pub a few times.  Being a local pub owner, I must say you have some great people there.  Both customers and staff alike.  If I did not live in North Scottsdale, you would see way to much of me.  Some of my good friends are always there.  So much so I can't get them to my pub:)  It's all good.  Keep up the good work and thanks for making your place feel welcoming and warm.
5	I met my friend here for some drinks last weekend and it was lovely. I was lucky to meet Murphy and Cholla, their doggies who were hanging out. It's brick, and cute and fun. It's like a cozy, classy pub with no pretense. Nice, I am bringing some friends there soon so they can check it out.
5	This was a great find!  I love the quaint, warm feel of this bar.  Old Town Tavern has an open feel with two floors, each with its own fireplace, and is located near the popular Scottsdale for the Arts/AZ 88 area.  Awesome service and drinks, and good prices, especially for Scottsdale!  I also really enjoyed the live music...surprisingly strong talent.  I'll be back soon!  (Great location for spring training and the culinary arts festival drinking as well).
4	This is a great little spot in Old Town.It's a small bar inside, but outside is where you want to be.  The atmosphere, people and cheap beers will make you think you're back in the Midwest or East Coast with your college friends having a great night!
5	GREAT PLACE TO HANG OUT AND WATCH THE SCENERYWith a little help you can drink & choose from about 25 beers, 8 scothes,10 whiskeys,8 Really good tequila's (just ask me) along with the every day vodka's & some pretty impresive wines (or whines).Don't miss this little gem in the rough & com listen to music or watch sports or just drink. Oh yea the owners are OK also
5	Michael C (our favorite Yelper) introduced me to this place when it was still Brackins Bar.  From the minute I stepped foot inside I knew I would be coming back for a long time.  The service is fantastic (even when it gets crazy busy on Friday or Saturday night), the new live music is awesome, and with Josh and Holly behind the bar couldn't make for a better night.  Tuesdays (when I usually go here) are relaxed and if you start commenting on some of their facebook stuff too... they might just put the drink you want on special!  :-) Thanks Holly!
5	I might live here this summer. Definitely a place you can grab a beer after spending the day poolside.I loved seeing some of the old school Scottsdale guys here having a beer on a Saturday. Next time - up top! Hopefully I can maneuver the stairs after a beverage or two....Thanks to Julia T for introducing us to a great new (to us) spot!
4	Great little place in Old Town Scottsdale... I'm sad it took me so many years to discover it! This is the best place for enjoying drinks on a beautiful day/warm night. It has a great casual vibe. Never pretentious and I've never seen it overcrowded.
4	This is the sort of bar every neighborhood should have. My experience here was during the day, having a couple of margaritas, while watching blue hairs and Tommy Bahama-clad 40-somethings enjoying a few cold ones. Spring Training was in full effect. The patio has an outdoor fireplace downstairs and there's another fireplace upstairs. I didn't really know it got cold in Scottsdale, but then again I'm from San Francisco by way of Rochester, NY. They also have live music as the week gets towards its end. But for my money, I'd hang out near the bar, mingle with other patrons, maybe consider even buying a round for some new friends. It's that sort of place. Oh, and if you're lucky, Janet will be behind the bar, and that's worth a few drinks alone.
5	Life is short and very unpredictable...that point was brought home with devastating suddenness this morning when I got a text that one of my squash buddies had a heart attack and passed away while playing the sport he truly enjoyed...with people that he liked...at a time of his life when things were getting a little easier...you know...my time of life.As several of my friends opined...there are worse ways to go than keeling over while you're in the middle of playing a sport that you get a kick out of...there are also better ways to go...I personally anticipate an orgasm that will end my life at the ripe old age of 149...Carin said she'd better be there.At any rate, a bunch of us needed to get together and celebrate Don's life and commiserate with each other over his passing...we couldn't think of better place to do that than Old Town Tavern.When this place was called Brackin's, it set the bar pretty high for what a "neighborhood hangout bar" should be...the delightful people that run OTT haven't fallen back an inch...in fact, they have managed to improve on something that I thought was nearly perfect (I mean, what else could have inspired me to write a haiku about a bar?).OTT is a wonderful little spot to sit, have a cocktail or six and watch the world go by, whether you sit inside and solve problems with the bartenders or view the world from below (on the lower deck) or gaze down over your empire from the upper deck...you will not go wrong by bringing your joys and sorrows, your victories and defeats, your highs and your lows to Old Town Tavern.And though the reason for getting together to hang out at OTT was sad, our good friends Whiskey, Vodka, Gin and Tequila helped us all to tell our stories about Don...funny ones, happy ones, interesting ones...and let us celebrate the life of our friend in the best way we know how.Thanks for being there for us Old Town Tavern...Requiscat in Pace, Don
4	Each and every single memory I have of OTT is fuzzy. If there is ever a plan to come here, I know im leaving completely hammered, along with everyone else.. And what better place in Old Town to do so? Aside from Patty's, this place is my second choice.Its small, and cozy.. nice little patio too where they have bands play on the weekends, and occasionally you'll find some funky indie folk artist playing inside, which I dig. There's even a fireplace outside for those chilly desert nights. The bar inside is cool and the bartenders there definitely know how to pour a drink.. The bathrooms are clean, but watch out, the locks on the doors are selective.. I was once poppin' a squat and this drunk cougar walked in and started washing her hands and staring at me.. mind you this is a single bathroom.. It was bizarre, and I'm pretty modest, but I realized she was tanked so I let it slide. They have an roof-deck type thing upstairs, also with a fireplace, but its wicked small, and usually packed. Ive maybe spent a total of 2 minutes up there, but if you get there in time, its a pretty sweet spot for people watching. All in all this place is pretty chill. I love coming here, especially during the day, so if anyone is in the mood for a little day drinking in Old Town, call a bitch.
5	As a local living in this area - this is the place to go! Always great company to be found there, and great service. Holly and Josh are awesome! Best day drinking little hideway in all of Old Town!
5	I absolutely loved this little place! cozy, warm atmosphere, great drink specials.. loved the upstairs fireplace. Had my birthday here and everyone really enjoyed it, in fact, I believe were going back tonite! The live bands are awesome as well as the beautiful view outlooking civic center park. You can even bring your dog for a drink! Too cool..
4	was at this bar once before when it was called J Chew way back when but was so drunk i couldnt yelp that night if i tried. noticed another name change and decided to stumble in here on a wednesday night after work. there were just several patrons at the bar so it was really chill. all friendly too. some live acoustic guitar for us which was nice (Jeordie) and they usually have live music going on every night. stopped by saturday night as well with a friend. larger crowd on the weekend obviously but still a great atmosphere.they have a full bar. no draft beer tho which i would like but whatever. not sure about any happy hour deals, but i work too late to find out. i do love the layout of this place. small but very open. patio is great. bartenders are awesome, very friendly! (shout out to Holly!)overall OTT is a great place to get hammered and/or relax. and will be trying to get back there again sooner rather than later!
4	Awesome day drinking spot!  They have live music on the patio and great people in both bartenders and patrons.  Bring your dogs, they provide water for the pups.
4	This place is great. I love going here on warm evenings and enjoying a beer upstairs on the patio. They also have live music. Highly recommend giving this place a shot.
4	Was good as Bracken's, still great as OTT.  Josh is on the spot, keeping drinks full and patrons happy.  Friendly atmosphere, good prices, usually a very relaxed crowd, and usually decent live music.  Great start to a night out.  Doesn't hurt that it is only a couple easily bike-able miles from my place.Note: no food, but there are a plethora of dining options within walking distance.
5	Love this spot!  It's a great place to sit outside, grab a beer and listen to live music on the patio.  The staff is very nice and attentive and the beer bottle selection is great , no drafts though:(
1	Bad music, slow service, disgusting overpriced drinks, and annoying patrons.  Definitely wouldn't come back if someone paid me to. I can't even drink this margarita.
4	I'm not quite as enamored of this joint as everybody else here seems to be but it's fine for what it is, which is a normal friendly bar.  I'd go ahead and give it five stars if they had a waitress or draft beer, but they don't have either which means I have to drink canned Guinness and get it myself.It's cheap - at least compared to the $14 martinis at AZ88 - but not Coach House cheap, if you know what I mean.  Still, a pretty obvious choice if you're in the neighborhood.
1	What happened to this place???  It used to be so amazing and had a great staff... no more!  Service is horrible! I am not usually big on reviews..but this place has gone soo far down hill that I had to share - hopefully it saves someone from experienceing a horrible night! Save your money and try one of the great bars within walking distance!!
5	Love coming to the tavern!!  Going upstairs on the deck makes me feel like a little kid in a treehouse...but I don't think drinks were involved when I did this as a kid so this is just so much better.  It's always the same 2 bartenders and I love that, fun local place to escape from the typical Scottsdale scene.  Prices are reasonable and they have live music on the weekends which is fun!  Definitely go check out the treehouse ;)
5	I have been coming here for over 7 years now and it just gets better. Once called J Chew & Co, then Brackin's Bar, and now for a few years Old Town Tavern. This is a very friendly and relaxing place to hang out and listen to live local music. They have lots of outdoor patio space which is dog and smoker friendly. Even on weekends with a full band playing there is no cover charge. The crowd tends to get younger as it gets later especially on the weekends. This is also known as a fun day drinking hangout when the weather is nice.This is the perfect pre or post dinner spot to chat over a cocktail. Try their Moscow Mule!
5	Great local bar with nice people and excellent service. I like to go there for Monday Night Football because they put it up on a HD projector screen against a huge white wall outside, it looks great. Bartenders are nice and quick to serve. It's a breath of fresh air from alot of the craziness that is Old Town Scottsdale.
4	I do love this place but no...sorry....there is not a happy hour :(
3	This bar has gone through a number of name changes, so when I tried finding it, no one seemed to know where it was at.  After wandering around Old Town, I finally found it, and it has become one of my favorites.  It is very comfortable, very laid back, a nice way to spend an evening.It is small, but has two outside areas with fireplaces - one upstairs and one downstairs.  To get a spot upstairs, you need to get there early, since it is pretty small. The owner and staff are very friendly. Depending on the time of day, the service can be kind of slow. But that is the charm of the place - everything is very easy going, not loud, not crazy, just very casual.
5	love coming here...prices are spot on and just a cool local spot in old town.  love the treehouse feel with the upstairs patio and watching movies or sports on the building next door :) thanks again OTT for being one of my most favorite spots in old town
5	OTT is the definitive go-to, within walking distance, unassuming, right in the middle of everything, easygoing retreat within the heart of Old Town.  The beer list has surprising range and offers great selections such as Lagunitas IPA, Great White Hef, Odell 90 Shilling, and Dogfish Head IPA.     The primarily outdoor bar is welcoming and pet friendly.
4	Great for day drinkin'!  They have live music on the patio and it's just a great place to hang during warm weather for an afternoon. They are under new ownership in the past year and he is hands on, yet wicked cool and welcoming.  He seems to have changed the atmosphere and the staff seems to be more relaxed and looks like they are having fun.    This bar goes back over 30 years.  It was originally J.Chews and then Brackins and now OTT.  The new owner has painted, added TV's outside, including an HD projector that projects onto the wall of the building nextdoor once the sun goes down.  There are heaters and a fire place and misters in the summer.  I didn't think it needed improvement, but what he has done to the place is great.Tip #1:  Make sure nothing is going on at the Civic Center.  It makes parking horrendous.Tip #2:  The drinks are way strong (if you are driving, ask for a short pour and pace yourself).  The staff is always friendly and if you've been there just a handful of times they will remember you.  Rock and Roll!
4	Great location, great staff, great prices, great times. Bam. Enough said.
4	Very cool hidden gem in old town. I live in old town and am out often but I stumbled upon this place for happy hour by accident. Older crowd, nice vibe. A down to earth, old school bar. Go there!
5	This place is so fun.  I love how it's never super busy, but just enough people to make for an entertaining night.  It's definitely not your typical Scottsdale bar. Much more low key with super friendly patrons. It's pretty small, but there is a cute outdoor seating area in case you want a little more space.  They usually have a live acoustic music to entertain you. The bartender Doug, is great.  Never have a bad time and they have great specials even after happy hour.
5	Flip flop, shorts, man's best friend, live music, fast service, low prices, and x-mas lights --- that's all I'm gonna say...that's all I'm gonna say.......
5	One of the best locations in Old Town.. tucked away on the park overlooking grass, flowers and fountains!  Its very quaint and lovely for being smack dab in the middle of Old Town.  Outdoor seating is perfect... lots of tables on the patio and even an upstairs patio with cute little lights!Saying the bartenders are 'generous pourers' is an understatement.  I basically got two dirty martinis for the price of one... I watched her pour the vodka... and keep pouring... and not stop pouring.  I truly assumed she was making one for another patron as well... but nope... ALL FOR ME! Not to mention she gave me the remainder of the shaker to take outside as well!  I had a strong buzz after my 'one' happy hour drink.  My friend's glass of wine was almost poured full to the top of her wine glass!  Easily almost two 'regular' glasses of wine full!  Definitely worth checking out and I'll be going back again soon!
4	I like this place. Usually good music, and great staff. The people are always friendly there.
3	Nice place to stop into for a beer.  Cheap drinks and friendly service. A mix of regulars and tourists. Occasional live music at night.
4	Great off the main street place with an amazing upstairs patio that is great for a small group reunion. I may miss J Chew but I am on board with OTT.
5	This place shouldn't even be reviewed - because it is the kind of place I want to keep for myself...  =)
5	One place in Old Town that I never get sick of due to their phenomenal service. Every bartender/barback/security employee there are top notch, friendly, generous, and in control. I used to live in old town and frequent many places, I now live in North Scottsdale and frequent only one: the OTT. It lacks the strong scent of douchebaggery that plagues old town so severly. Even the dbags that come here (believe me you, they do) seem to take it down a notch due to the friendly, comfortable, and welcoming atmosphere this place radiates... Also, I love how the place is laid out, you're always a few steps away from being inside or outside or upstairs at the mini-patio thing.
5	Great Patio.Live Music.Buckets of Beers.Perfect Location.Super Friendly.You'll Absolutely Love This Place!
4	I really like this bar! I recently went and It was alot of fun! I went to heard one of my frends bands playing and it ended up being a really fun time. Yes its like a dive bar and its a little small but Its one of the best bars Ive been to in scottsdale. I will be back!
5	Fantastic bar, really enjoyed the upstairs patio.  Carrie took great care of us and provided a great dinner recommendation.
5	This place is not the average Old Town Scottsdale drinking establishment... I could actually get a drink.This was more of a bar than a nightclub. I didn't drink much, but just the fact that I could get a drink made me pretty happy. The staff was really friendly and the place was really clean. There was a nice, quiet outdoor area too! Some of my friends liked the rock music in the background, a far cry from the blastin' hip hop at some other Scottsdale places.
4	What can be better than sitting in an open air bar on a beautiful Spring afternoon, sipping on a freezing cold Moscow Mule while listening to live music? Answer: not much.I had a really great time at this bar. It was packed with Spring Training out of towners, locals both young and old and just all around good people. The vibe is super chill and down-to-earth. The bartenders are busy, but friendly.They always have live music here, but it's never too loud to down out your conversation. I loved the Moscow Mule and the cool copper mug it comes in ($15 if you don't return it!), but the margarita on the rocks was not too good. Stick to what a dive is good at: beer and the occasional house cocktail.Will definitely return.
4	I was surprised at how pleasant this bar was. They had a very good pair of acoustic guitar musicians playing a very good repertoire of grunge, Beatles, and rock songs. It really made the moment of drinking a few beers special. The service was very fast and the outside patio looked very inviting. My friend liked it even more than I did. She really enjoyed herself there. I really left with a very good impression of Scottsdale after spending time there.
5	This place is spotless, has a great bottled beer selection, and has outdoor and rooftop patio space.  I enjoyed a pre-spring training game Anchor Steam here on St Patrick's Day and was pleasantly surprised to find a place to stand outdoors, a friendly dog running around, a lack of douchey customers, friendly service, and a cleaner than clean bathroom.  SCORE.
2	The cute, "off the beaten path" look of the place drew us in.  Expensive drinks, the local watermelon beer was good but I can't credit this place for that, only that they served it.  Snobby waitress hardly answered any of our questions...was she that blond that she forgot we asked?  I can only give the place two stars for it's location and quaintness.  Drinks were okay and service was bad.
4	We stumbled on this bar while trying to find a place to kill a little time and get a drink.  It's very small and quaint, and most of the seating is outside.  The weather was great, so a table outside was perfect.  It was a great place to just sit with a few friends without having to scream at each other to be heard.
4	I have to say, I'm use to clubby/bar scene of Old Town and that's usually what one thinks of when they think Old Town, but venturing south of Indian School in Old Town is a whole other vibe and discovering the Old Town Tavern has me loving Old Town for more than just the club scene. I love that it's more laid back, the people are awesome, the bartenders are speedy, and the drinks are cold. I really dig the place.
4	$3 Miller Light bottles?  Yes please!  This place is almost entirely patio, and has a cute little upstairs patio area.  Kind of divey, but really, one of the more casual spots right in the middle of old town that I will always stop in and enjoy on my way to or from somewhere.  They almost always have live music of various quality whenever I stop in.
4	Very cool, small place.We came here at the end of the night so it was dead. Good selection of spirits and beers. The bartender was very nice as well. This place is now on my husbands very short list of "Scottsdale bars that dont feel like Scottsdale bars therefore he'll go out in Scottsdale w/ me if we go there" bars.I'd go here again.
4	This has always been one of my favorite places to end the evening for one last drink.  I loved when it was J Chew Co. and the piano player.... they still have live music and the duo were not bad.  The bartender was great, very nice guy.  We came in for a martini and a vodka concoction.  Asked us specific on our preferred vodka made sure our drinks were to our liking. He did not disappoint.  Great place to come when it is nice weather then you can sit out on the patio or the upstairs open area.  Don't pass this place up.
4	Located at the North End of the Civic Center Mall near the horse carriages, Old Town Tavern has a great mix of local bands, performers, sports, ambiance, and movie nights (yes movie nights!). There is always something fun going on at OTT and you can guarantee it's on our agenda every weekend! Starting with live music almost every night of the week and a great crowd of locals, you really can't go wrong here. OTT features some of our very favorite local musicians and a patio large enough to dance on but cozy enough to hang out on. If you are in the area Saturday or Sunday afternoon, make sure to stop by and listen to Boston Joey on the patio starting at 2pm.
5	Definitely a bar that welcomes everyone. Drinks were strong and reasonably priced, fun live music and a relaxing atmosphere. I'm glad my friends took me here. It'll be a regular spot during future visits.
1	I had an extremely bad experience at the Old Town Tavern.  The evening was so bad that after a week I was still upset so I thought nothing could be that bad.  I gave it a second chance.  The second trip confirmed that I'll never go back to there.This happened three years ago and when ever anyone mentions Scottsdale I always suggest that they avoid this establishment.
5	Such a hiden gem. A must! if you live close by want a casual cool bar.
5	This bar is one that you do not want miss.  It is charming with its outside seating, small area by the bar and then an upstairs seating area.  Drinks were nicely priced and the people working here made it a great experience.  Nice, friendly people in the bar made this a top notch choice
4	This was the the first stop on a bike pub ride through old town last night. i can't believe we haven't been here before. the wife and i have walked passed this place a hundred times walking our dog through the civic center mall. it's lively and small, however, even with a full house, it didn't seem packed and overwhelming. there are numerous beer options and wine to choose from. the bartender was extremely friendly and even smiled (really!). it's a cool little spot for drinking and watching sports if you like, in an excellent part of scottsdale.
5	Finally we tried this place! Each time we've walked by it we always comment "oh we need to try that place!". Located in Old Town Scottsdale on the brink of the civic center mall, it sits below sidewalk level. Inside and outside seating make for great people watching and although it was small inside, it had a cozy feel. They have a decent beer list and even when I ordered a house red wine the bartender gave me a choice of three! The staff had a good attitude, welcoming, by no means stand-offish. The way you sometimes get from small bars when you're there for the first time. I enjoyed myself, and my wine thank you very much.
4	Love this place. They serve alcohol and no food which equals great people watching. Cougars are on the prowl, band is great and my new drink of grape vodka and soda is awesome. Good times.
2	We were on the Yelp Holiday Scavenger Hunt and stopped in here to have a drink. It's a cute little place, has a few outdoor tables, and good selection of liquor. The bartender seemed bothered that we stopped in to ask if they were participating in the scavenger hunt, and when we sat down to actually give her some business, she seemed more interested in the guys in the band setting up their equipment. We ordered a couple drinks, that were ok, but the diet soda was on the flat side. When she brought back my debit card & receipt for me to sign, she never even looked at me or thanked me, she actually set MY card on the corner of the bar where she was talking to the guys in the band and walked away. I cocktailed and worked with female bartenders for over 6 yrs. You would be wise to treat your lady customers just as well as your male. We understand the business and tip well to those who deserve it.
5	My kind of bar! I'm not exactly sure how to describe it, but it's kind of like a classy dive bar. Eclectic crowd with a very casual but not gross feel to it. They have a wide selection of beers (always a plus) and also have live music quite often. Their patio area is very nice and I love any bar that has a rooftop portion to enjoy a beverage with a friend and look around the beauty of Scottsdale. It's a nice gem in the desert.
5	Awesome!
4	Best Tree Fort in Old Town, and you can take the mugs home if you get a moscow mule!
4	Patty, my Shepard mix, likes the place okay because she can bark at the passers by. This place has an okay seating arrangement. Patty can't go upstairs even though it's an open balcony. There is a fully stocked bar with nice bartenders, and the beers are not always the same lame ol thing. I like this place bc it makes us feel like family in an uptight home. =)
4	Fantastic locals bar in Old Town, complete with patio, live music, and good beer selection. If only it were a little bigger...
5	we decided we wanted to do some drinking on st. patty's day but weren't in the mood for tempe. we rode over to old town and the first place we pass is RnR and it was IN-FREAKING-SANE! i started to get the jitters thinking "is every bar in scottsdale going to be that packed with that way too loud ass music?". luckily, we biked on and noticed Old Town Tavern was lively but not chaotic.we parked our bikes along with a thousand others and sauntered inside. it was full, but not so packed as to bump into everyone. we were immediately served by joseph, perhaps one of the friendliest bartenders i have ever met. after musing outside the bar, we went upstairs to people watch below. the vibe was excellent. everyone there was in a good mood....friendly...out to have a great time in our fabulous scottsdale weather. great service and location. thanks for an excellent day out.
5	Great bucket specials!  Usually live music and one of the best spots for people watching (if you sit on the top deck you can look out on to the mall--hours of entertainment!)
1	OLD TOWN TAVERN DOES NOT WELCOME PARENTS WITH CHILDREN. This tavern may be dog friendly and they may welcome hordes of drunken partiers, but they DO NOT welcome families with children. We came to the Tavern for a drink after our children's graduation from 4th grade so that the kids could play out on the civic center lawn within our view, and we were shocked at the treatment we got from the bartender, who refused to serve our kids a soda. Very rude and we will not be visiting again soon. Shame on you, Old Town Tavern!
5	Last night several parents came in with over 15 children to celebrate their 9 year olds 4th grade graduation at 9:15 pm. The bartender expressed that it was not a place to have children running around as it is against the law and a liability issue if anything were to happen to them on their premise. The children were running in and out of the bar while the parents continued to drink upstairs claiming to watch them in the open park way. After their third round of drinks the bartender told them they were no longer welcomed due to the fact the kids were unsupervised as well as the other customers had cleared out expressing "whether the bar was a childcare center". One father even started swearing at her telling her it was none of her business what their children were doing. I am offended in that they completely took advantage of her, were rude, not to mention had their children with them at a bar at 10:00pm in the evening. I will say the bartender was very cordial and had mind to do the right thing.
1	Very disappointing evening.  Went to celebrate with friends the end of the school year.  Our kids were having a wonderful time playing together on the Civic Center public lawn while we were enjoying the company of the other parents and having a drink. All were happy - but the miserable bartender.  She did not want us there - even though there were only 5 other people in the entire place.  She was rude and unwelcoming.  She lost our business that evening and I will not go back.  There are plenty of other places that appreciate our business - we don't need to go to one that does not.
1	Waitress/bartender was a complete $#%ch.  Copped an attitude early and treated my wife and i like we were lepers.  Beer is all in bottles/cans - nothing on tap.  I thought the 80s and crappy beer selections were a thing of the past.  No food of any kind ... and no help from the wench behind the bar on finding local places that deliver.  Top it off with a voyeur owner that sits at home and watches the bar through remote cameras ... kind of creepy.  Too many good bars and eateries in this town to waste a dime on this ship wreck and its wenchy staff.
5	Simply the best bar in all of Scottsdale. Sure, there are swanky nightclubs, hotel resorts, dives, and lounges - but this is a good ol' neighborhood pub with cheap drinks and live music every night. OTT might be the most unpretentious bar in Old Town. It's also walking distance to numerous restaurants, so pop in before or after you pig out.*Some uber responsible parents brought their 7 plus out-of-control children to the bar the other night and then complained on Yelp when they got booted. They sat upstairs boozing it up as the kids drove off the downstairs patio clientele. The parents claimed the kids were playing in the adjoining park - which is total BS - they were running on and off the bar patio yelling for an hour before I got fed up enough to leave. After the cops were called the parents bailed, likely driving their precious home wasted. You don't take kids to bars, you don't berate the staff (they were vicious to the waitress), and you don't slam an establishment on yelp after your brats ran off their customers. By my number of check-ins you might be able to tell that I like this place.
5	Great place to enjoy some drinks and live music on a Friday night as well as some intimate drinks and conversation with friends. Great patio and close nit atmosphere in the heart of Scottsdale.Cheap.
3	Fun place with rather poor service.  They only had one drink menu for the entire restaurant.  They had 0 beers on tap...only bottles.  I enjoy trying tap beers from local breweries when I travel but could not at this joint.  They had a pretty good cover band while we were there but we opted to talk with our friends outside.
5	What a wonderful charming little pub with live music most nights. They have great specialty cocktails (Mexican Waterfight) and a super cute upstairs patio.
3	We're new into Scottsdale and were looking for a place to have a drink and meal with our dog in tow. Didn't want to leave her home alone just yet as we were in our house for only a week and weren't sure what she would do alone...saw online that OTT was "pet friendly" so we decided to try them out Labor Day afternoon...got there and were told that they are pet friendly " when they aren't so busy"...what am I supposed to do...call first to see how busy they are? Anyway, we were seated along the wall out of the way which was fine by us but then no one came came by to at least let us order a drink...they knew we were seated...sat there for at least 10 minutes and then decided to leave...looks like a great place to have a drink and burger so we'll give it another shot without the dog in tow....
5	no food...just a hell of a good time!Love this place...older crowd...live band playing older music
5	Best Bar in town ,  best crew every thing about this place is nice , I highly recommend this place for every one
4	First time in a country bar but it was a good time. Free bull riding which was fun.  Even did a little line dancing.  Beers were 4 bucks a pop but it was worth it for the scenery.
5	This is the most beautiful bar in Old Town I've ever seen.  I went here alone when I had just started living in Scottsdale.  It was the first Old Town bar I had ever been to and people were incredibly friendly and communicative here.  This bar gives off great vibes and it's not your typical Old Town pub, which makes it perfect in my book.  Great place to go grab a beer and watch some football while listening to great live music and meet wonderful people.  The bartenders are friendly here too.
4	Another good watering hole that has been around for awhile. They always have $3 Rolling Rocks and most other beers are that price or a buck more. Indoor, outdoor seating is also a plus in nice weather. More tourists at this bar because of it's corner location, but once season ends, it's quiet and locals only. Think I have heard bands there also. Usually just get one or two drinks and move onwards.
5	My brother-in-law was actually playing a gig here and that's what brought us in.  We had walked by many times, but not actually stopped in.  Love this bar.  Service is laid back, but excellent and it's just a great place to relax with friends, watch a game, listen to music, or just people watch all the passersby walking through the plaza.  Will definitely return!
3	The drinks were fine and the band was good, but on Friday Feb 14th our waitress was really quite rude. We closed out just so we didn't have to deal with her again. The sandwich cart that was there was great!
1	I was in this establishment on late saturday afternoon a tall middle aged gentlemen asked me what I was drinking I told him a diet coke because of dental surgery he returned with a glass of coke that had rum in it when I told him he screamed at me that was your glass that was left on the table when I told him that someone left that glass there he acted like i was lying and returned with a glass that was half full of coke when i asked for a straw he told me I was  a lot of work for a lousy diet coke would not return there if they paidi me to drink there.
3	Grabbed a couple of beers here after a Giants' Spring Training game. Good atmosphere, good selection of beers. They had a meatball food truck on the day we went. Good stuff.
4	I have walked past on many a busy and packed house. This day was quiet and nice we were able to sit on the upper deck. Simple tavern no frills go to the bar to order and the drinks are good..... no skimping on the liquor here. Missed the entertainment because we were hungry and they don't serve food. So if you just wanna get your drink started this is a good first stop
5	Why was my first time at the old town Tavern it was on Easter Sunday the place was packed but this girl Barb kicked ass and did a great job I would highly recommend this place
4	I'm a fan.  Love the atmosphere and ambiance.  Great for a couple beers and some live music.  I liked that it's tucked away and not inundated with tourists.  Good beer selection and great patio seating.
4	Great little place for a beer. Often have some live music. Very small, but a nice local spot that you might not find if you didn't explore a little. Stay out of the dark and danky saloon down the street and come here! Thank goodness for Yelp! They have a cool outdoor upstairs section too.  Try the Firestone Walker IPA: one of the highest rated craft beer producers in the country.
4	This is a fun bar.  Lots of outgoing people and live music.  Great times...
4	I stop here all the time and never think to review it. Found my way here again. This is like that fave hole in the wall you can't stop going to. Mainly locals because tourists cant figure out how to get in...Super busy bar and very capable bartenders (ESP BARB), Eat first, find a seat if you are lucky, and watch the magic happen. People will talk to you, it's a FRIENDLY bar. Bring doggie, dip them illegally in the fountains outside, and come cool yourself off. And to sober up, walk around the park and get in the way of all the tourist photogs trying to get their pic alone in front of the statues and carriages. Now that is a fun day!!! Oh, and $3 beers , no problem here.
4	Great patio bar, good location! Loved the live music! Service is excellent, good food & drink specials. Over all good vibe, fun and entertaining. I will be back!
4	I read the reviews and decided to go there for drinks with my wife. We loved the atmosphere and the outdoor seating. They even had a live band that was really great. The one drawback was that they don't have draft beer.  Besides that, this might be our favorite bar.
1	Over priced drinks and rude bartenders. Love the outdoor space but not worth the price
1	Too bad, they have a great location in Old Town.  Small patio, that is filled with smokers, small inside bar, but first you have to get past those smokers.   Beers were warm, kept in a small fridge, constantly being opened.  Live music inside, too loud for such a small space.  Oh, BTW, did I mention the smoke?
5	Love this place.  Had a great server, thank you Michael Ann!  Great live music and reasonable pricing.  Upper patio is a fun place to get together with friends.  Will definitely return
5	Great little tavern in a fantastic location. We love their patio and they usually have great live music.
5	My new favorite place. If only I knew about it when I went to school here!! Such an amazing vibe- American mixed w cocktails, what could go wrong? They were crowded but so attentive!! We found seats right away!! & were helped by every available bartender/ manager/ etc. Such a great, great experience!!
