2	Yogurtology is a great concept.. for $.45 an ounce you fill your own extra large cup full of frozen yogurt with flavors ranging from tart to cookies and cream, perhaps 10 flavors available at any given time. After you fill your yogurt then you are in complete control of your toppings, fruit, cereal, cookies, even baklava.. so you have to be careful because this will add up really fast.. what you might consider a small is misleading due to the fact that they only have one extra large cup size.. so even the larger portion still looks small in the huge cup.After hearing so much about this place we all decided to go ahead and give it a try. Me being on a low carb diet figured that they wouldn't have anything to offer. So was I surprised to see that they have a sugar free tart frozen yogurt. So I filled my cup with the SF tart, strawberries and blueberries. Ended up with an 11oz cup, ooops, had no idea! First bite, very very good! A mellow tartness followed by only a slight chemical after taste. However, within 20 minutes of finishing the cup I was having stomach cramps, within an hour I was clinging onto the hope of my underwear staying clean. Thank goodness I made it home! So this place went from a 4 star to a 2 star.. for sugar free it still tasted decent enough though whatever they use to sweeten it, beware, can cause stomach irritation.
5	I found out about this place from my friends  Isaac and Dana who frequent this yogurt shop as much Micheal Phelps goes to swim practice. After hearing about the hype, I had to check it out for myself. Upon entering this shop there were dozens of patrons all around. The concept is basic like Alexander C. mentioned only my experience was more favorable. I sampled 7 or 8 of the flavors and really enjoyed each one. My favorite was the Mint, followed by the cookies and cream and then the Banana. All were delightful and refreshing. I then stacked my cup with a hybrid of mint and cookies and cream which was a great concoction. I then added some coconut, Caramel chocolates and Mochi (my new favorite topping along with pomegranate seeds). This is my new favorite desert spot. People were nice, facility was clean, and the product was over the top. Yogurtology will be seeing more of this fat boy in the near future.
4	Frozen yogurt has been slow to catch on in Phoenix (at least from my vantage point).  I'm not sure why - living here in the summer is like camping on the surface of the sun.  Places like CA have been overrun with these places for some time - including the self-serve, pay-by-weight concept that I'm speaking about today - Yogurtology.First off, Yogurtology is centered at the edge of McDowell Mountain Ranch on the corner of Frank Lloyd Wright (FLW) and Thompson Peak Parkway.  There are thousands of well-off folks in this area not to mention the throngs of kids from Notre Dame Prep and the like that swarm this place after 3:00 on the weekdays.  A good location and an approach that suits the demographics of the area.The premise is simple (and has been discussed in other reviews):Step 1: Choose flavor(s) from the myriad that are available the day you go in (there are about 10 to choose from on any given day)Step 2: pour as much as you like of each flavor into a cupStep 3: add any of roughly 30 different toppings and 5 sauces to your frozen conoctionStep 4: Weigh and payStep 5: GorgeIt's a pretty simple setup and one that you can find in other areas of Scottsdale.  What I like about this particular outlet is:1. Selection - there are a lot more flavors here than some other outlets I've been to.  In addition, the selection of toppings is IMMENSE.  I am not sure who wants jumbo gumballs on top of their yogurt but they have that topping if you want it.2. Access - not too far off the 101, near my house, LOTS of parking.3. Service - unlike many yogurt stores (e.g. Ice Tango) the place is staffed by adults who ask you if you've been in before and offer a guided tour and free samples depending on what you need/want.  I personally like this approach and think it doesn't make newbies feel like idiots if they stumble in here after a shopping excursion at AJ'sSo there you have it - yummy yogurt in an attractive wrapper.  If I lived closer to Golden Spoon I might give that the nod over Yogurtology as I like the consistency of their soft-serve a bit better and their nutritional info is clearly posted, but for now Yogurtology reins supreme in McDowell Mountain Ranch
5	Yayyy! Self serve frozen yogurt has finally hit Scottsdale! This is one of my fav yogurt places. Their yogurt is great, no chemically after taste and they always have a bunch of yummy flavors on hand. I love the cookies and cream. I also love that they have a gadzillion topping to choose from. One negative thing to say though.... Their toppings in the back are hard to reach for us tall people because of the glass that covers the toppings. I can never reach back there with out bending over, sticking my butt out (basically putting my head under the glass) and looking like a retard. So unfortunately the back toppings are going untouched by me. What a shame. Yogurtology...please raise the glass over the toppings! They also serve frozen yogurt for dogs! So bring your dog and you can enjoy some delish frozen yogurt together. How sweet!
5	Yogurtology-- how do I love thee, let me count the ways...1) I love that I get to do it myself.2) I love that there are so many different flavors to choose.3) I love that I always end up just getting mint, vanilla and chocolate.4) I love that there are over 30 different toppings you can add.5) I love that I always end up just choosing coconut and baby dark chocolate chips.6) I love that I can see how much mine weighs when I pay for it.7) I love that it's only about 100 calories for 4 ounces.8) I love that I can never seem to end up with less than about twice that much!9) I love that they have really great seating inside and out (and that if they're all full, AJ's outdoor patio is just next door).10) and I really love that they now have a "loyalty card" that gets you three dollars off your 9th cup.  (Heck; that's like a discount almost every week!  Yes...  I know; I'm there almost every day.  I can't help it; my car just drives there on autopilot now.)
5	I love yogurtology!  This is the kind of place North Scottsdale has needed.  I like that it is kept clean; tables are quickly cleaned after each use and the yogurt and topping areas are clean.  Every time I've been there it is sufficiently staffed, and trash cans are emptied when full.  The atmosphere is great with upbeat music.  It is constantly abuzz with customers and is a fun place to spend time.  The product quality is good and the fruit is always fresh, but the attention to maintanence and fun social setting is what keeps our family coming back.
5	Sooooo good and a great concept. The yogurt is creamy and delicious and the toppings are always fresh (and there are a TON to choose from). The place itself is very clean and the staff is really friendly. Perfect for a quick, easy, low-cal lunch (yogurt with fresh fruit) for under $5.
5	My favorite food ever is ice cream.  Froz yog is not always the greatest, but this place is so yummy!  I love that I can get as many or few flavors as I want and put as many toppings on as I'd like.  I don't usually like much extra on ice cream, but this place has some very original toppings (gummy worms, Nerds, Smarties...).  No ice cream shop offers such freedom of choice.  I can't stop going here now!  I'm shooting for weekly at least, especially now that it's getting so hot!  I can justify it too because, yes cheapo me, I get the coupons in the mail.  So I can pile on more toppings!  So can my kids.  My original favorite was cookies and cream, then two weeks ago it was cake batter.  Now it's chocolate covered cherry decadence.  It is quite decadent!   I wanted to go refill my cup after I finished.  I restrained myself though.  They also have some nice music playing with two pretty sweet flat screens.  I've got to get back there this week - more coupons to use!  Who am I kidding?  Of course I would go without a silly coupon.
4	I will be back to this place.  Its simple, clean, good atmosphere, good concept.  Grab a cup, grab some yogurt, grab some toppings, weigh the cup, pay for the cup.  Its that simple, its that good!
1	OK yogurt, way too expensive. Yogurtini in Tempe has been my favorite. Only .39 cents an ounce. Better toppings and yogurt was definitely better.
4	Whenever I go here, it is packed - and for a good reason, the yogurt they offer is delicious - and they have a great variety of flavors and toppings. I love the self-serve concept, but be careful not to fill up your cup too much - it's a bit pricey and they charge in weight. (They only offer a one size cup that is huge - so if you fill it up with toppings you're likely to spend close to $10 for a cup of yogurt!)
5	I love this place!  It's always busy, but I've never had to wait long.  They have tons of different flavors and different toppings!  I love that it is self-serve because I can add the exact amount of toppings that I want!  So yummy!
5	My husband and I would live here if we could!...The yogurt is a delicious treat that easily beats any ice-cream. It is also great fun to self serve and it is nice to have low fat  options. The staff are friendly and the store is also great for the little ones. Highly recommended!
3	Great selection of yogurt flavors and great selection of toppings. The only beef I have with the place is the workers are so anal retentive about the slightest droplet of a crumb on the topping display or a drop of yogurt. It actually makes me a little uncomfortable as the people that work there breathe down my neck waiting for me to make a mess. I can barely get the yogurt in my cup before someone is wiping the drop that fell out of my cup. These people need to relax a little!!!
4	Treated myself to some froyo last night after a 2.25hrs workout. The place had a steady stream of customers on a Monday night around 9pm.. pretty impressive! After requesting quite a few samples from the worker (Butterfinger--good, tart appletini--ok, tart acai berry--good, pomegranate raspberry--ok and plain tart--good), I decided on the tart acai berry and plain tart. I topped it off with a log of baklava, mochi, coconut and a lil sprinkle of granola for good measure. I was surprised that my total came out to around $4.50 even though I didn't get much.. must have been the log of baklava! Anyhow, I requested the Yelp discount and the older lady had no clue what I was talking about. A line of impatient customers starting to form behind me as I was trying to explain to her what Yelp is and about the special that I saw being offered. Finally, she asked two workers and the 2nd person was able to clue her in. Overall, the place is really clean and the froyo was good, albeit a little icier than what I like. And I would have preferred it if the baklava were crushed. This is close to my house so I would go back as long as the 20% off is being offered. $.45/oz is considerably higher than its local competitors.
3	After a quick meeting with one of my attorney's, I swung by the AJ's here for lunch with my buddy Brian S, yesterday, (you know, it's just beyond wrong that it takes more than one attorney to survive these days...sadly:(At any rate, while the lunch at the grill was as good and cheap as it always is (that grilled salmon sandwich keeps me coming back:), when I went to get a cupped cake for my treat after lunch, I was dumbfounded by the prices AJ's is charging for these things now...$4.99 for one cupped cake!?!?!?Seriously Eddie, are you trying to fuel the jet by selling ridiculously priced baked goodies to the gullible?...You're in BK...you might want to think that kind of pricing throughAt any rate, Brian suggested Yogurtology:)I have not had the best of luck with "fill your own cup" yogurt places in the past, but I'm a sucker for any place with "ology" in the name (makes it sound scientific and reasonable:)We walked in and I thought I was in trouble...$.45 an ounce for their yogurt...it would need to be pretty damn good yogurt for me to be happy paying those prices...luckily, it was discount day...$.35 an ounce...so far, so good:)Then it turned out that Brian had a coupon, so, even better:)Yogurtology had a pretty good selection of flavors, including vanilla (the Bentley of ice cream flavors and, by default, the only flavor for me when it comes to frozen yogurt:)BTW, we call it Ice Cream, even Ice Milk, so why do we call it Frozen Yogurt...(it leads to that unfortunate alliteration "fro-yo":)...although I can see problems with "Ice Yogurt"...doesn't sound appetizing, does it? :-)It was pretty decent for yogurt (although my heart does indeed belong to ice cream and gelato:)I can't (and won't) complain about Yogurtology:)...we had 2 good size cups of yogurt with toppings, out the door for about $3.50, and my lunch was saved from the predatory cupped cake pricing practices of AJ's:)If I was ever going to get more frozen yogurt, and I was within 100 yards of Yogurtology, I would definitely return...unless somebody opens a gelato shop nearby:)
5	Even more great news....on Tuesdays there is a special of 35c per ounce. Not that I needed another incentive...but this is GREAT.
1	The yogurt is good, but the prices are not!  At .45 an ounce, the price of the yogurt and toppings adds up quickly.  Plus, the gargantuan-sized cups are there to trick you into buying more.  I fell for the trick, and wound up with a cup which cost me SIX DOLLARS.  At check-out, I was not offered a loyalty card either, which I see other Yelp reviewers have somehow obtained.  Not impressed, and not going back.
5	This place is great! We go for dessert several times a month. We love it because they have many options and love that you can make it all by yourself. It is really clean and the staff is always polite and helpful. The cups size can be a little deceptive so watch out how much yogurt you put in because you are paying by weight afterall!
4	I visited yogurtology as well as sweet republic during my visit to Arizona over Thanksgiving.  Both were great, but so very different.  Yogurtology didn't quite have the quality as SR, but they made up for that in the sheer quantity.  I've never been to a pay by weight place like this before, but I enjoyed that.  I also like that its self serve.  If I want 6 flavors and 10 toppings, so be it.  I think I settled for 4 flavors and 4 toppings though.  The frozen yogurt tasted great, and the toppings really hit the spot with me.  With so many options you can take your dessert in any direction you want, which is really helpful when going with a big group.  Its clean, quick, tasty, and the staff there is helpful as well.
3	Frozen yogurt here tastes pretty good but the price is steep in comparison to other places. Like a lot of other places it's self-serve with a toppings bar.  They don't really do any advertising but  it seems as tho they've got a reasonable following especially with the after school crowd. Wish they would disclose basic  ingredients (sweeteners?) and nutritional content.
4	Very tasty frozen yogurt. Large variety of toppings. A little bit on the expensive side.
5	I am in-love!  After my first visit, I just wanted yogurt for every meal!!!  The oatmeal cookie & red velvet are SO freaking delicious!  They are pretty rich so add some vanilla to tone it down.  I ended up trying every flavor, not a good idea as I'm terribly indecisive -it's a curse!  The chick doing the samples was super funny & sweet.  She kept making me try different combinations, SO ridiculously yummy!!!  I love love love the Tarte Nouveau.  Unfortunately my bf was not all that impressed :-(But, I love it so :-pAnd, I think it's way better than Mojo!
5	What a concept!!  The yogurt is better that most of the other yogurt shops I've tried.  They keep the place super clean. When think about the number of kids and folks that show up there, it's amazing they can keep it clean at all.  They have staff whose job it is to just keep cleanning... constantly. This place is always crowded (check the weekends some time) and for good reason.  Gotta watch how much you pump into your cup because it will fill you if you overfilled the cup.  They do a real nice job of keeping the topping fresh, interesting and abundant.
5	I'm a regular. Obsessed. As if the ridiculously amazing yogurt flavors are not enough (Red Velvet Cake, Oatmeal Cookie Dough, Cookies n Cream, Cupcake Batter.....), the choices of toppings are unmatched! Fresh fruit, nuts and granola are all there, but there's also every candy bar and cereal you could possibly want. Maybe I'm still on a high from last night's "creation" but I'm in love.
4	There is always room for frozen yogurt.  After consuming what I think was the largest meal of my life, I was surprised to realize that yes, I still wanted a sweet treat for dessert.  Maybe it was the fact that it was pretty darn warm out (95+ in April?  Ouch!), but when my friend suggested Yogurtology, I was IN!What a great place - even though it was pretty crowded with quite a few families with kids in tow, the store was clean, clean, clean.  There was one employee who in the 20 minutes we were there must have swept up twice and wiped down the yogurt machines 3 times.  I like that, because it is easy to let self-serve stations get sticky and messy.While we tried quite a few flavors that were all good (rasberry, chocolate, pina colada, etc), the stand-out was definitely Peach.  Peachy Keen and SO good!  Although we were sharing the cup, I rudely scooped under the other flavors to get more of that.  Not polite, but...  Apparently it is not offered very often, so we were definitely in the right place at the right time.  Funny how that works sometimes.Self-serve yogurt is priced by weight, including toppings and Yogurtology is not the least expensive option at $0.45/ounce.  Beware!  It was amusing to watch little kids really load up their cups with everything under the sun, and then see the look of surprise on mom/dad's face at the weigh-in.
5	A lot of these self service frozen yogurt w/ toppings places are popping up. This one is the best hands down. I love their peanut butter and oatmeal cookie flavors. Best tasting yogurt with the best pick of toppings. When I'm in the area, I can't resist not stopping in.
4	I really, really like this place. There are plenty of yogurt places in Scottsdale, but none are as clean or have such a fresh and delicious variety of toppings. My favorite flavors are Tart Noveau, Strawberry Milkshake, Blueberry, Strawberry Banana, Red Velvet... but everything is delicious. Top it off with some strawberries (theirs are always fresh and sweet!), blueberries, a few chocolate chips, mochi, and those divine chocolate raspberry cups, and a dash of rainbow sprinkles- you're all set! The decor is also very trendy and modern and the staff are always wiping the machines and topping bar down. The ONLY reason this place gets four stars is the price. 45 cents an ounce??? That's 50% more expensive than Yogurtland, and at least 10 cents more expensive than anywhere else! I love this place, but I don't think it's completely worth the huge price jump. They should have more coupons! :)Overall, this place rocks. Just be careful to not go overboard or you'll find yourself paying nearly 8 bucks for a cup of froyo ;)
4	Although self-serve froyo may be a passing fad, I can't lie I'm a fan of Yogurtology.  I have an insatiable sweet tooth, and this place has managed to make me forget that I am eating frozen yogurt and not ice cream.   I have been here a handful of times and there appears to be a standard set of flavors along with some flavors that are randomly interspersed.  Since the lineup is constantly changing, and most people probably have no idea how Bit-O-Honey froyo would taste, Yogurtology is sample-friendly.Although there are at least 8 flavors of at any one time, I wish that some flavors would enter the rotation more often than I have seen them.  I feel pretty comfortable saying that that is my only detraction about the place.  The store is kept really clean and the employees have always been very friendly.  Plus there is a great assortment of toppings.  This way when I am eating my green apple/cookies and cream froyo mix I can top that off with dried peanut butter, chocolate icing, gummy bears, carob chips, Reese's peanut butter cups, Skittles, M&Ms, raspberries, and some Kit Kats.  Don't laugh at me, you know this is how you make your desserts too.
5	This is probably one of the best yogurt joints in town.  They have the best tart flavors that aren't super sweet, creamy and milky like some places.  HUGE fruit and topping selection too!  My favorite is the blueberry pomegranate acai tart flavor, but they rarely have it...It is soooo good!  The place is super cute with flat screen tv and cyber looking decor.  We bring our dogs and eat yogurt outside on the patio.  They have dog yogurt too, our dogs just don't care for it...they are picky eaters.
2	This is a great place if money is no object to you! Although clean, modern, fresh, and chic, you get what you pay for... A fashionable spot to eat your 4 ounces of frozen yogurt! My wife and I each got a small, hers with a few fruit toppings, mine plain. You then pay by weight, and the two items were over 8 dollars! To me, the place is a total ripoff, no matter how cool or delicious it is. My Wife would probably give this joint a 5 star rating, but I can think of ten-thousand better things to spend my money on!
3	If I hadn't recently found Yogurtland in Scottsdale I would be raving about this place. Unfortunately it is  45 cents an ounce and the other place is 30 cents. Both have a nice variety of flavors but this place is missing the water cooler. You do get a bit sticky from eating your treat. There is something they have that yogurtland doesn't have. They have marshmallow and peanut butter in squeeze containers which is to die for!!
4	Absolutely a fan... I filled up my cup with a little too much ice cream and put all my favorite toppings on, on purpose, and actually I was still kinda pleased at the price.  I expected it to be more expensive than Cold Stone, and I wasn't left all full and uncomfortable feeling afterward.Loved the service, place was pretty cool.  A little bland on the decor, but maybe that's their thing?The only thing that kind of turned me off about the place was the super duper sanitation smell.  It's great that it's clean and all, but that smell reminds me of the stuff they used to clean up vomit in grade school.  Sorry... my own bad memory of that smell that got placed onto this place... If it smelled like cream or chocolate or something or even just nothing, it would be much better.But other than that, it's great!
5	This yogurt is excellent on a hot day.  I recommend there flavors taste like real flavors, liek vanilla and oatmeal cookie.  They are perfect tasting and a lot less expensive than the others around town.  If you are in the area, stop by for a refreshing treat.,
5	I went to their new location at Town and Country mall- its great to see any new biz go in there but especially one as yummy as this! You can taste all the yummy flavors before you try them and after sampling a few I decided on Cake Batter and Peanut Butter. Then I saw all the toppings and am sorry to say I kinda lost my mind. Pehaps I didn't need cookie dough, and chocolates chips (3 kinds offered), sprinkles as far as the eye can see, peanute butter cups AND chcocolate whipped cream but that is what I ended up with....my boyfriend went the fruit topping route and got equally as crazy. The next time I will def edit myself a bit.What can a girl do though? Hot day, cold yummy yogurt and out for a treat with the man I love....how can you not love a place that brings all those things together? It was a bit pricey but you pay by weight and I blame myself for going nuts...and more importantly I loved it so much I didn't care what the price was! Can't wait to go back and bring more friends....yay!!
3	The taste of the yogurt is excellent, and luckily I came in on $0.35/oz Tuesday. However, the strawberries were more frozen than the yogurt (which melted quickly) and my teeth hurt.
4	OATMEAL COOKIE yogurt! It tastes just like an oatmeal cookie, so delicious!! I hope it's not one of the rotating flavors! They have a variety of other flavor options and a pretty extensive array of toppings. I only found a couple cons: It is a little more pricey than some of the other yogurt places around the area, but I keep a lookout for the 20% off coupon in the mailers. This Yogurtology location always seems to be packed. They move people through pretty quickly, so I didn't get the claustrophobic-like experience I get at Mojo.
3	For the most part I like Yogurtology.  What I don't like is their somewhat tart, sour taste of some of their frozen yogurts.  I don't understand the manufacturing process, so I don't know why this happens, but it makes me wish they were a gelato place instead.  Sorry!
5	Mmmmmmmmmm!  This place is super clean and has a great promotion on Tuesdays, just .35 an oz.  Super friendly staff as well.
5	Without a doubt, the best yogurt I have ever had. You help yourself, take as little or as much as you want, mix all kinds of flavors if you like and have the nicest people working there. Good job Yogurtology.
3	Bottom line- Great place to go when you need to satisfy a sweet tooth without overindulging... but be prepared to pay+++Pros -Some of the freshest fruit toppings I have tasted! (pomegranate seeds, mangos, raspberries, blueberries... just to name a few!) -Wide selection of toppings- chocolate, nuts, fresh fruits, sprinkles, gummys, gumdrops, syrups ...oh my!  - - -Cons-Really pricy for a small cup! Be prepared to pay $7-9 for a cup (standard size) depending on what you get-The flavors are hit or miss (be sure to sample them before committing)
4	Good yogurt, friendly staff.
4	Any place with peanut butter sauce as a topping = the best. Tons of toppings. 8? flavors of yogurt. The seating can be limited at times. Price is on the higher range (45 cents and ounce) but there is a frequent customer program that gives you three bucks off after you get eight points.
4	I like this place...you pick your yogurt, sprinkle your toppings and then weight in for the price. Cost depends on what you want and how much you want. The staff at this location is helpful and knowledgeable. It is clean and kept clean...while I was there they were "vacuuming up" the toppings around the service bar.Good yogurt, clearly labeled and great staff...got to love those the people that help you learn about the system. Thanks for being so cool to a newbie.
5	This place is my favorite out of all the self-serve yogurt shops round town.  I could eat an entire bucket of the oatmeal cookie flava.  Topping options are prime.  They even have gum balls, which I thought was really unusual, but I'm not gonna hate.  They also have $0.35/oz Tuesdays.  Get it, cuz!THIS PLACE IS BOMBBBB!!
3	My biggest complaints are that it's overpriced, and the staff is pretty rude. But, I guess most 17 year-old teenagers that have to get jobs in North Scottsdale would be? I don't know how a yogurt place could be pretentious, but somehow, their staff is consistent with this 'overtly posh' theme. The quality of the actual yogurt isn't that bad, some of their flavors are hit-or-miss - so ask for a sample beforehand. The best thing they have going for them is probably their selection of toppings with some fresh fruit. However, I would sooner suggest any other frozen yogurt place in the area over this one.
4	I can't believe I haven't been to one of these yogurt places before last week. I went about five times. Now I'm always volunteering to go out with my wife on her shopping trips instead of watching TV. Knowing in the back of my mind that our car mysteriouly drives over to Yogurtology before heading home. There are a lot of interesting flavors. The Mango and Pomegranate are very refreshing, but my favorite is the Cookies and Cream. The first time I went I loaded up with the yogurt and the Reese's candy halves and paid close to $8 dollars. I've learned to tone it down since on the toppings and usually get out of there with a $4-$5 tab.The staff is also very pleasant and helpful when giving you samples of the various flavors and ringing you up at the cash register. lt's also quite funny watching the parents trying to control their kids from loading up on the toppings as well. They seriously have these 1/2 pound marshmellows that are about the size of my fist that strikes fear in the hearts of many parents. Hey dude, they do have the marshmellow sauce too, but far be it for me to interfere on the parenting duties, just read my review.
4	This is one of the better self-serve yogurt places in town. Their flavors are very inventive and rotate on a regular basis. The yogurt itself tastes better than other places I've tried. Seems like the put better ingredients.  Their toppings are also a wider selection than other yogurt places I've been too. I like that they had a girl standing next to the machines offering sample cups and suggestions for what to try. Its better than going up to the front asking for cups from behind the counter. The area is really nice too with AJs, starbucks and Flos in the same shopping center. I didnt really pay attention to price but I didnt find it any more expensive than other yogurt places.
5	LOVE this place!!!! oatmeal cookie flavor is to DIE for, as is the cookies and cream and the mint...no fancy toppings for me, just the graham cracker crumbs.....it's very good on it's own with NO toppings as well. Allergy ingredients are clearly written on the flavor cards, and even a peanut allergic person could consume their products...way to go Yogurtology!!!
5	This is the best self-serve fro-yo place I've visited.  The moment you walk in, you are welcomed to the shop as if they can help you with anything and to let them know if you have questions or would like a sample.  Everything is always very clean and kept clean as you go through and make expected messes.I love the pomegranate-berry and chocolate frosty.  There are so many toppings to choose from, sometimes it can be hard to tone it down.  The fruit is delicious, every nut you could think of, every chocolate bar, some cereal, frosting ... you name it, they probably have it as a topping.I would suggest anyone to go here who's looking for a quality frozen yogurt experience!!
2	Yogurtology is a franchise--each one has it's own unique twist. I really wasn't blown away with this location.  The flavors are okay...I liked the NSA flavor best, which is unusual when it comes to froyo. Most disappointing was the oatmeal cookie--my go-to flavor. It was WAYYYYY too sweet and had a slimy consistency after it quickly melted.  I think they were trying to outdo it with the cookie flavor and doubled up on ingredients. Not such a good outcome. My tummy didn't thank me. The toppings bar is expansive. Having the fruit placed before the candy is a perk. The staff act like they're too good to be working here. Even the guy who rang us up wouldn't make eye contact.  He scoffed at me when I said I was part of the loyalty program at another Yogurtology.  Ummm, maybe you could add me to your "program" and I'd come back next time.  No "thank you" either.No thank you to this location.
4	Love this place! The quality of the FroYo is excellent! My wife (who is not ordinarily a person who likes yogurt frozen or otherwise) also LOVES this place!The fresh fruit is superb, and a great accompaniment to the frozen yogurt. They always have several varieties, with someone standing by to dole out samples. Pricing is about .45 cents per ounce..... so be careful of going crazy... cause you don't know how much you are spending till you checkout and they weigh your haul. There are TONS of toppings to choose from... be forewarned!!! Each one add's to the overall weight... noting like spending $12 bucks on a cup of gummy bears and marshmallow topping!The staff is also uber-anal about keeping the place spotless! God forbid one chocolate chip lands outside the dispensing tray!!! I really like this place... maybe a little too much! TIP: Signup for their mailing list for regular specials.
5	Hands down the Oatmeal and the Pistachio are the best flavors. I've had my fair share of Fro-Yo places and this one is by far the cleanest, and tastiest of them all.  And the decor isn't too shabby either, I love it.Yogurtology definitely has a plethora of toppings to choose from; Fruit, candy, syrups to even baklava! They now offer a keychain card, so after I believe 8 purchases you get a $1.00 off your 9th purchase. Not bad. Definitely encourage you to try this place out... you probably won't sway to any other Fro-yo place after this :) Just saying.
4	This yogurt place is way better than any of the others around the area.  They have unique toppings such as strawberry and mango boba and delish baklava.  They also have the awesome oatmeal cookie flavor, last night they featured a new flavor "bit o honey" and it was awesome!
5	BEST PLACE EVER!Their yogurt is amazing...the flavors, like Oatmeal Cookie and Pistachio are so delicious! Their fruit toppings are always fresh and they have the most delicious baklava topping.
5	I have to say above and beyond all tart yogurt places this place takes the cake. I love the pomegranate, it makes me feel soooo happy!!!!!I really like the color scheme they use and the fruit is always fresh.
4	As far as self-service yogurt shops go, this is probably one of the best.  The yogurt actually comes out of the machines pretty thick and hard, which is a lot more than I can say about most of the competition, and each flavor has a pretty good taste.  The Oatmeal cookie is awesome.  Tastes like the real thing.  There's also a pretty good variety of toppings.There are still quite a few negatives.  Tasting cups aren't left out, so you have to ask an employee for samples.  There's only one serving cup size.  Which means you end up with a glop, and deceptively more yogurt than thought you were pouring.  The price per ounce isn't listed anywhere, so you need to ask someone, or just be surprised when you get to the register.
5	OCD lives here... Visit and you will understand. Luckily the hyper organized condiments wont effect the fantastic frozen yogurt flavors they offer. Good value for what they provide!
4	Yogurtology has the BEST frozen yogurt in the valley. Oatmeal cookie is our favorite, but many of their other flavors are almost as good. Their yogurt is thick and creamy - not icy like some other places. The only drawback is that Yogurtology is more expensive than other places and the density makes your ounces add up quickly.
1	I'll admit they have good yogurt--nothing special though. A little worse than yogurtland and but a lot better than cherry on top and orange leaf. However, their management is THE WORST. Teens who work are unfriendly and, quite frankly, rude. They give you the smallest sample, don't look at you when you ask/ when they hand it to you and are always in your way with the toppings. How about cleaning WHEN THERE ISN'T A HUGE LINE. This isn't the real problem though. Today, I went in to take advantage of the 35 cent Tuesday deal. I go to ring up and it comes to $2.65. I have a $3 credit so I ask if I can fill up more. The girl says ok so I quickly top it off. When I get back, the total is now $7!!! My mom paid and didn't realize the big difference. And why not tell me I can't use my credit on the promotional day when I ask?? Shouldn't she tell me I can't use the 3 off on Tuesday??So I asked my mom how much it costs and she tells me $7! I knew it could NOT be that much so I go back in and ask them to reweigh it. Sure enough it was supposed to be $4. They rudely need to "confirm" with the register while we wait in the way of all the other customers. They barely say sorry and try to blame it on the scale or suggest someone had their hand on it. If you're paying by the ounce, I'm pretty sure no one would put their hand on the scale...At any other place, they wouldn't charge you for the yogurt and you'd probably get it for free. But at this establishment, they are so stingy and rude. I've been a part of a fundraiser with them also and they refused to let me advertise outside. You only get 20% of sales if the customer says they're for the fundraiser. They wouldn't let me tell any of the customers walking in. SUCH BS.Go to any yogurt place. Yogurtology is expensive, rude, and stingy with their samples and service.
3	On the weird chance that someday I'd get to meet the inventor of the soft serve ice-cream machine, this is how our conversation would go;"So..how did the idea of a soft serve machine come to you?""Well, I was taking my dog Toots for a walk one day when all of a sudden, he decides to shit all over Ed and Dolores Feinsteins front lawn.I was horrified. Ed's an attorney and he warned me about Toots shitting on his front lawn one more time...how he'd come after us both.He did. There Toots is, happily shitting away...a huge creamy brown dump slowly oozing its way out , when Ed comes flying out of the house with a broom.Toots freaks, and hauls ass without even pinching it off. And that was my inspiration.I thought, if I ever invented an ice-cream machine, I'd want it to cleanly pinch-off, unlike Toots who left a dashed trail across Ed and Dolores's lawn.So I guess we can thank Toots for the idea."Many thanks Toots.I used to love frozen yogurt...when someone else was serving it up.Now that I have to serve it up,  all I can think about is how this machine was designed by some lunatic who managed to create a replica of his dog, shitting on Ed and Dolores Feinsteins front lawn.
4	You are almost afraid to touch anything in here, everything looks untouched, including the condiments.  Samples, you have to get them from an employee...make a mess at the condiments, someone will clean up right away.  Crowded?  all the time. I have sampled each flavor, but their "award winning" oatmeal cookie is the way I go each time and for a reason, it's liquid oatmeal cookie.  Delightful.  If you can get past the OCD staff and the fact that its always packed, it's the best yogurt joint I've been to.
3	I can't believe I have been driving to Tempe for yogurt. This place works for me. Yogurt was very good, it comes out frozen and not too fast. Great selection of topping although some were odd and too big. I mean a Swiss cake.???  Shouldn't that be in pieces?  Very clean but it is very busy.
2	Since there are so many "make-your-own" yogurt places today, you have to judge them against one another.  I like frozen yogurt and I like preparing my own, and I like the taste of the product they have at Yogurtology.  Why the two stars then?There aren't many differences between these yogurt shops, but where there are differences, Yogurtology falls short.  For example, you have to find someone to give you a sample -- I'm a big boy, I can get my own.  For example, the toppings are numerous but uninspired.  They keep them all completely full - it feels weird, like no one else ever eats here.  The staff tends to be a bit on the surly side.  And it looks like they discontinued 35 cent Tuesday.On the plus side, the yogurt flavors are pretty good here, and they change often enough to keep it interesting.I'll go here for my frozen yogurt because its close by my home and I pass it all the time, and once you get your cup made and paid for it tastes good.  But just a little more effort and this could be four or five stars.  Shame.
3	Stopped in Yogurtology & thought the choices of flavors were pretty good. The toppings bar was good - lots of fresh fruit, cereal, chocolate & candy. Maybe a little too cramped, though, since I felt like I spilled everything I grabbed. It was about $10 for 2 of us & we got a loyalty card. No idea what the loyalty card gets you (no one explained, just asked if we wanted one) but we have one & we will be using it when we stop back in!
4	product is superior to all the other yogurt places. they offer delicious flavors like oatmeal cookie and salted caramel...the consistency is perfect...always firm.  The only downside is that you have to request (flag someone over) samples  which is annoying and embarrasssing. They really need to increase service level and be more aware of what going on in the store. The employee are always nice...just a little clueless as to how to really take of people. We go back because they do have the best frozen yogurt
5	First let me say, i'm not a Frozen Yogurt guy, i'm an Icre Cream, more GELATO guy..my friend told me to try this place & i did, thinking it would be like other yogurt places & plain old just have no flavor...I WAS WRONG! This place is GREAT, clean, excellent service...i got the Salted Caramel & put some nutella as a topping & BAM..all this by the way was only $3.50 i'm impressed at what you get for your money!!1 more thing, TO THOSE THAT COMPLAIN ABOUT PRICE...Have you ever been to a Gelato shop? This is much cheaper, this isn't a Klondike Bar folks + STOP FILLING UP YOUR CUP & TOPPINGS LIKE A P I G then when its time to pay you complain oh its $7-$8...my total was $3.50 and i had a nice amount that filled me uphighly recommended!
1	This was the most horrific experience I ever had, the management was unresponsive to my complaint, their add on cakes were hard as a rock, when both of my children could not even eat it, I just asked for a refund of that portion of the transaction, they said there were no refunds, they put the owners wife on the phone and she stated that she did not care about Yelp reviews, after raising my voice due to the poor service I was offered I was asked to leave the store, after that I received a call from the owner and he stated if I stated my opinion he would sue me for slander and if his business went down because of my American right to state my opinon he would sue me for sharing my feelings, I have been formally bannned from his store for complaining about shabby products, control and no care for customer satisfaction, I guess the customer is not right this time. This is the worst experience I have ever had and want to let fellow Yelpers to beware!!!!!!!
5	Delicious!
5	With so many fro-yo places popping up sometimes it's easy to think they're all the same. Yogurtology is by far the best premium frozen yogourt outfit because of the following reasons:Pros: excellent variety of flavours, consistent product turn around (new flavours switched in/out regularly), lactose-free option, friendly staff, staff availability for sampling (they get an A+ for this), clean store (each visit, there was always someone wiping down the fro-yo machines and toppings areas), reasonably priced (compared to others)I don't have any negative commnents about this place and will certainly be back. The following flavours were amazing: oatmeal cookie, salted caramel, golden toasty marshmallow, golden cupcake batter, taffy banana, tart nouveau, and peanut butter.For those germ-a-phobes out there, you'll appreciate the fact that they don't allow customer sampling for sanitary reasons. There's always staff available so don't worry about not being able to try a flavour before committing. A side benefit of this is that the lines won't build up with people who are more interested in "sampling" product than actually buying (this is a huge problem at the Menchie's location on Cambie Street in Vancouver).I'll be back and will attempt to try everything on their menu next time I'm in town. A huge thumbs up for Yogurtology!
3	This place really is the best yogurt in town but you have to put up with a lot to get it. First, always super crowded. Second, no sample cups and only sometimes is there one staff member giving very tiny samples. Lastly, expensive!! I still don't know how my yogurt is over $6 here where at other places it's $3 something for roughly the same amount. Makes me want to weigh it myself-- or maybe I am just more of a little piggy here than at other places!
4	This place has great yogurt. I enjoy the more gelato-like flavors such as Chocolate and Peanut Butter, Strawberry Shake, Caramel, and Oatmeal Cookie. Those really shine here. Sorbet-like mixes such as Pomegranate provide a nice and welcome contrast. Since I don't like tart flavors, I can't speak to those. Also, the yogurt is more dense here than at other places, giving it the consistency of gelato: less air whipped in = more goodness.A staff member MUST assist you with trying different flavors; I am told this is for hygiene reasons. Since most yogurt places allow you to sample flavors yourself, the policy must be explained to newcomers. A friendly sign explaining this would be nice.The toppings bar is diligently stocked with a wide variety of goodies, all the time. Are you tempted? Here are 2 things you need to know if you want to be a regular: - Loyalty discount! Buy 8 cups of yogurt, and get a $3.00 discount. Tell them to set you up on the system, and give your last name every time you buy yogurt. Now, you will have to remind them EVERY time you buy yogurt, or you will not get it! Sadly, they will not ask. I learned that the hard way, and missed out on credit for 8+ cups of yogurt. - Groupon! For $15, you get 5 $6 vouchers, giving you $30 worth of purchasing power here. You must use them in $6 increments, so plan accordingly.Have fun!Edit: I removed the $.35 Tuesday, as this promotion is no longer happening. bring it baaaack!!
3	I have been here twice now - once solo and once with my husband.  Both times it was after lunch for a sweet pick-me-up. On both occasions, the place was empty of other customers inside. Not sure if it was due to the time of day or the fact that it was a weekday? The one employee inside greeted me and let me browse the yogurt selection. They have a large selection of frozen yogurts to choose from (10 or so?) and then there is an even larger selection of toppings. They have seasonal yogurt flavors and the month I went it was coconut. I am a big coconut fan and immediately went for this. I then topped it with dark chocolate chips. I'm a big dark chocolate fan so this was a plus in my book. (So many places only have milk chocolate! Yuck.) I really enjoyed my frozen yogurt. The employee asked if I had a frequent user card and I signed up for one. If you forget it, they can look you up by last name or cell phone, so you don't always have to carry it with you.  Overall, this is a nice fro-yo shop tucked in the AJ's shopping center.
2	This place does have great yogurt, especially The oatmeal cookie which is by far the best. Their service model though is extremely frustrating since they give out samples instead of having sample cups available. i waited for over 5 minutes to get one sample from the guy working who seemed less than interested in helping and barely said hi. No surprise when he rang me up and told me the price and that was it. A thank you or have a good day would have been way too much effort on his part.Definitely wont go back to this location, very disappointed
4	Hands down, its the best yogurt.  Always clean and always offering samples.  Love the topping bar!!
5	Yogurtology is very clean and has a very clean tasting yogurt that doesn't leave a film on your tongue like some froyo places may.  I would have to say this place can be closely correlated to a Pink Berry, yes a stretch I know, but you end up paying for the quality of the yogurt.  They DID have a cucumber yogurt which was totally refreshing, cool and light that paired great with fresh fruit.  I think the taste of the yogurt is as good as it gets but be ready to pay for it..
4	Great place for froyo. 12 flavors to choose from and all the fix-ins. Convenient location. Mix the toasted marshmallow with chocolate frosty and then top with cookie dough and hot fudge. A great place to finish up a date or after a good home cooked meal.
4	Great selection of flavors which they constantly switch up. They also have new shakes here called spinners in 3 flavors!
4	Great selection of flavors!  They even have doggie frozen yogurt. Score!!!  I have seen many of these serve yourself places that seem pretty lacking in cleanliness and sanitary and Yogurtology is definitely clean and well maintained. Butterfinger is my absolute favorite flavor but oatmeal cookie, cake batter, salted caramel and chocolate malt are all very good. This is probably not as good a yogurt shop for fruitier flavors but it has a great variety and some very interesting options for toppings. Only negative is sometimes the wait at the register seems long whether anyone is in front of you or not and the staff aren't always out there for if you want to sample flavors. I love this place. Great hours too.
5	Yogurtology has a great selection of flavors and toppings. The store is always very clean and much nicer than a lot of other similar shops in the area. We are always happy to go there.
3	I like this place b/c it's close to my house. It's a little more $ than some of the other joints in town. I wish they would run promos/coupons. Always good flavors with LOTS of toppings.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place. The texture of the froyo here is very odd. it comes out of the machine like a frosty instead of like froyo with defined lines. The flavors aren't very exciting either. I would definitely recommend going to Yogurtland instead.
2	I expected to like this more than I did. It's a turn-off to not be allowed to get your own samples. I understand they probably do it to reduce people coming in and getting huge samples without buying anything. However, those of us who do buy something feel infantilized. My other issue was the employee hovering while I was getting my Yogurt, like I was going to make a huge mess.  He was very polite but it was off putting. The Yogurt was very creamy and I would have probably enjoyed the salted caramel if I hadn't recently had Zoyo's salted caramel (its knock your socks off good).  Also, the candy toppings were more or less whole which means you're having to cut up a candy bar with a plastic spoon.  No thank you. I was looking for a snack before a doctor appointment in the area and came here based on Yelp reviews.  Don't think I'll return.
5	Taste: This is probably the best frozen yogurt I've tasted in Arizona, on par with what I've had in Korea and Hong Kong.Price: It is what it is. (kind of expensive)Service: Self-service. No one will bother you.
4	The best yogurt in the area. It would be nice if they offered more flavors or changed up the variety. Also, they don't always ask if you are a member so you have to tell them.
2	I love the new flavors including salted carmel, butter finger, and cookies and creme. But they no longer take American Express? What a small minded business Blunder...
5	Always good, always fresh.This is hands down my favorite frozen yogurt ever. I live in Providence for school nowadays and no yogurt company can compare to this one! My favorite flavor is oatmeal cookie, but my parents are obsessed with the pomegranate flavor and chocolate! They always have rotating flavors, so don't be afraid to sample ;)Highly recommend!! PS Try coconut flakes on top! It's my personal favorite.
5	Yogurtology has the BEST frozen yogurt! The Butterfinger flavor tastes exactly like a butterfinger candy bar but in cold liquid ice-cream form. It is my favorite and it is out of this world good. The caramel is really good too, and of course the plentiful toppings that you can add in whatever proportion you want are great too.
5	Best place for frozen yogurt around! I do like most frozen yogurt places, but Yogurtology is #1 in my eyes. The flavors are delicious.The flavor that keeps me coming back is oatmeal cookie. I love anything and everything oatmeal related, and this fantastic froyo is no exception. I also like the chocolate, and when they have red velvet. I'm not really into fruity ones, but the ones at Yogurtology are pretty tasty. Never had problems with people working the cashiers or anything. Occasionally you'll be waiting to try a sample and there will be no cups and hard to find someone to help you, but usually not much of a problem. Also I wish they had crushed up Reese's instead of miniature ones, they just taste better to me!I am a return customer and it will be staying that way!
3	The flavors offered are very tasty. The staff is what brings this score down. They don't seem happy and are not very welcoming.
4	Yogurtology is one of the best yogurt places I've been to, flavor wise. It's always pretty clean & they change up the flavors a lot, which is nice and I have yet to get one I didn't like. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because of the staff. It's truly a hit or miss with them. Sometimes my boyfriend & I go in and are greeted with a hello and a cheerful goodbye. Yet other days, the employees don't even look up from the cash register or muster up a goodbye. I understand they're teenagers but haven't they been taught customer service manners or manners in general. But seating outside is never a problem, if there isn't a table open there's a lot of benches nearby. Great location!
3	Decent yogurt. But it's not swirled! Toppings are un-crushed. The staff is nice, I'm giving them 3 stars because I got complimentary hot chocolate! Expected more but still good.
