5	Based on the current promotions (30% off services), I visited their salon. I have been to other salons before, but I felt that my manicurist (forgot her name) really cared about my nails. She showed me how to take care of them better. She took her time, and listened to what I wanted my nails to be like.Other things I noted:- So Clean- Sometimes they actually speak English in front of the customerTruly a five star place that I would come back to again.
5	I stopped at Lux after a seeing the 30% off sign. I needed a mani/pedi before a business trip.   I was able to get both done at the same time which is a huge plus to me.  I've been visiting various nail salons trying to find the perfect place.   My search is over.  Lux is clean and the staff is very friendly.
5	traveled from out state, came to bar nail bar, My first pedicure by kate is so awsomeall nails tech are speaking English and so kind.A brand new nails salon just open promotions of (20% off all services)I like clean. the best ever ******FIVE STAR******
5	I have gone to Lux Nail Bar a few times now and have had nothing but an amazing experience there each time. Everyone that works there is super friendly, it's very clean, and the owner not only cares about his customers but you can tell he also cares about his staff.  They provide great service and definitely are up to date on what the current trends are.
5	Went back to Lux Nail Bar this past week and got my nails done. I had a cracked nail that they had repaired and it didn't hold. I went back in the next day and they took care of me right away. I will go nowhere else but Lux Nail Bar.
5	I just moved from Texas and decided I would try Lux Nail Bar. Jenny did a great job on my pedi and Tom did a great job on my refill. I'll definitely go back! Clean and beautiful salon too!
5	I was very impressed!  The salon is beautiful...very clean and modernly decorated. The workers are very nice and professional.  The owner Tom is a laugh..a very friendly guy.  Most importantly, my nails look beautiful!  I'll be back!
5	Wow. My search is finally over. I had been dissatisfied with the salon I had been going to as well as the nail tech I had been seeing . Then one day I stumbled on the Lux Nail Bar. I was enticed by the 30% off banner and decided to give it a try. Tom, the owner, was very pleasant and cleanliness is a top priority for him. This is very important to me. To date I have experienced a gel manicure, a pedicure and eyelash extensions. I have been happy with all three services. Kate is amazing. The attention to detail is just what I have been looking for. Do yourself a favor and give them a try.
5	This place is amazing! I walked in without an appointment, and they treated me like royalty! Complimentary sparkling cider and outstanding service!The salon is in immaculate condition, and the owner was there in the foyer welcoming clients. My beautician was Jenny, and she did my pedicure, shellac manicure, and wax. She's very detail-oriented, and her work is excellent. I would definitely go back again.
2	I went here for the first time after reading all of the great reviews.  However I was disappointed.  First the "good"- it's very contemporary inside and very clean!!! Yay!The bad part is my technician did not apply dark red nail polish very well.  I had clumps AFTER I asked her to redo a nail where too much of the plain nail was showing since she didn't paint close enough to the cuticle.  I didn't bother to have her fix the rest of my nails after that due to lack of time. The polish is streaky on my other nails too.  Another review stated that they served hot cider and they speak English.Yes, they speak English to you very well but still speak their native tongue among each other. So you don't know if they're talking about you or not.Although I heard others get offered cider, they never offered me any.  However, they kept asking me if I'd write a review of them on Yelp. Be ready to be sold on getting lacquer nail polish when you get there.I know a lot of people who live here although I am here just for the holidays.I'd go back one more time and try another technician before I'd recommend this place.
5	Beautiful salon. Very very clean. Fantastic service. My sister and I went in to get A full set and pedicures and we were completely pampered. On my way there now to get A fill and I'm excited to just relax in their salon.
5	The inside is very clean and modern looking! The waterfall lux sign is a beautiful touch to the salon and all the workers are very friendly and always greet everyone with a smile! Great service and good music is usually playing. I am very satisfied with what they did to my nails and will definitely be coming back often! The receptionist Angela is very funny and helpful as well :-)
5	I went with my mom to lux bar , very clean , very nice people , they did an awesom job on my moms nails & toes . Never seen a nail salon like this before .
5	First time getting a pedicure and it was great. Outstanding service and friendly. I really recommend coming and going back.
4	This place is great! Clean. The staff is friendly. The services are affordable!
5	Went here with the family, mom and brother. Had a great experience, very clean and comfortable! Showed the technician a picture of nails, and she copied it exact. The price was alright, but will definitely be coming back soon. The main owner of Lux Nails was soo sweet and very nice with service! Definitely knows what he is doing(:
5	Before Lux Nail Salon I used to hop around, never feeling fully satisfied with other nail shops (be it the service, cleanliness, customer care or the end result) but Lux Nails, and manager Tom made a life time, regular customer out of me. I finally feel it, that feeling when your nails are stunning and you feel as though you could be a hand model. The interior design speaks to the luxurious environment, and everyone was incredibly friendly. Tom, the manager was so genuine and funny, and as they say cleanliness is next to godliness.I have been raving about the salon to my friends, and I can hardly wait for my next visit! My manicure is so lovely and of such good quality I'm torn between seeing the look go and getting a whole new, cute an stylish polished look.I highly recommend!!! Such a great experience, so worth it!
5	The staff at Lux does a great job. Highly recommended. Friendly and they are willing to do whatever crazy design you find on Pinterest!
5	Fast, friendly, and clean. One of the best pedicures I've had in a long time. Highly recommend.
5	I got the VIP pedicure.  It is amazing.  They even use fresh oranges for the natural bactericidal effects and in case your nails are yellowed (they told me that if I had any yellowing it would get rid of it.)  Steven was great, very accommodating.  I was even given recommendations for restaurants in the area because I am new.  Bottles of water are offered throughout the whole pedicure and manicure.  They are more then clean.  Every time they do a pedicure they put a liner in the tub.  I also had a manicure that was great.  The atmosphere is relaxing.  They play good music, but at a good level.  It is there, but not overpowering.  So, to summarize ... clean, friendly, reasonable, good atmosphere.  I would highly recommend Lux Nail Bar.
5	This place is really nice and everything is very clean.  It's easy to see where the "luxe" part comes in.  I got a spa pedi for $32 as part of an opening week special, so I'm not sure i could afford this place on a regular basis.  I'll be back though if I'm in the area again!
1	Well what to say....I was driving around and yelped somewhere to get a mani for my daughter and me. I found Nail Lux Bar on yelp with 5 stars and was like hmm lets try this place. I wish I never had wasted my time and money. I went on Saturday the 1st and today is Tuesday the 4th my nail are already peeling. I knew they would because I seriously paid $15 for a 5 min mani and only one clear coat. No base coat or anything. Oh and I forgot to mention that I waited 45 min for a 5 min mani. .I was very disappointed and have never been this disappointed in a long time. ..
1	Worst Customer Service I've ever had!I've been to so many nail spots across the valley but this definitely has to be the worst. Granted it is clean and brand new. The environment reminds me of 7 day nails and spa in tempe marketplace. The service I got today.... my my. A lady named Tina speaks in orders "foot here" sit here" "move up....I said move up.. the chair...up!" Say it with me, Tina: "p-l-e-a-s-e" Even when I was picking out my colors she was all up in my grill rushing me to pick a color. But it didn't stop there... she started asking me RUDE questions like "Are you from here? Do you live here? yes, Iive here. I was born here. raised here. Do you want to see a birth certificate? There was about 4 people in the salon and they were ALL asked if they would like a bottle of water. I wasn't asked, of course. I figured the service would be crappy like that. Anyways, she left me in the chair for 10 minutes and when I grabbed my purse to check the time she rushed over to my chair and said "sit here! 5 minute more ok" It literally disgusted me to pay her a tip ughhh WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. Please do yourself a favor and don't go here unless you like being treated like shit while having snobby moms stare at you. It's your call :)
5	Look no further then Lux Nail Bar to host your wedding party for their manicure and pedicure appointments.  Tom and his team of delightful nail techs will make your day together as special as it can be.  Tom opens his shop to your specific requests of not only great treatment but to food and beverage.  This really makes for a complete experience.  I really appreciated the care that was extended to our party.  Tom and his team were very professional and accommodating to special requests from playing specific wedding videos and allowing our party to bring in food and beverage to celebrate this happy occasion.  His team came in early allowing for set up and then ready to greet our party when they arrived.  Tom made sure that there were plenty of nail techs available to provide everyone ( twelve total) in our party  treatments at the same time which really added to the time together.  No one waited and everyone was done at the same time.  Trust your next girl day to Lux Nail Bar!  You won't be disappointed.
1	Horrible customer service they was treating me like a baby when I was picking my nail color and taking it away while I was picking cause they think ill drop it then during my mani And pedi they never new where the color was another thing is they told me that it would be 13 dollars to get a polish change on hands and feet and was acting like that was the discount then I said can u do 10 dollars and he said no then I said let me see the menu and it said it was only 10 dollars so he was charging me extra saying it's the discount another thing is when I was getting my nails done they took of the massage saying it's to bumpy and also my daughter had to use the bathroom and he said no and he was telling my daughter where she can and can't go also more of my friends said it was the worst customer service I am angry o I almost forgot the nail polish on the gel fell of the next day so also crappy polish DONT GO HERE WASTE OF MONEY
5	I got my nails done for the first time at Lux today. Prior to today, I've been going to the same lady for over 7 years. Her location is far from my house and just inconvenient. I was nervous to try a new place but I'm so glad I did! Steven did an excellent job on my nails and I couldn't be more pleased. Everyone was super friendly and the salon is lovely inside. I will be making appointments with Steven from now on. Thanks for a great experience!
5	Congrats! TOM and his team for their new business. What a great beginning, beautiful space, relaxing atmosphere, new and very clean. Including the type of spa chairs, these are premium. Tom is excited to please and have great new and reoccurring clients, that is clear. He went out of his way recently to accommodate our large wedding party of girls and make sure we had excellent service and attention. Everyone was so relaxed and happy which is not always what you see the day before a wedding! Of course, the catering, provided by one of his preferred vendors was top notch and nothing left for want. Our day went great!!!As for the negative reviews on here- . When you have an issue and address it WITH the business owner, they have a chance to make it right with you. If they do, then they earn your repeat business, If they do not make it right, then you move on and express your experience! Cheers and see LUX soon!
2	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!!!I paid $65.00 for a gel full set...nothing fancy about it what so ever.. What I got was nail polish that peeled off days later and a brand new set of nails that broke two weeks after they were put on.The place is clean and nice inside but that doesnt give them an excuse to give cheap service and up charge for it.
5	Steven is the BEST!!!! He made my lux experience Wonderful!!
5	I am an avid pedicure lover and this place tops the list!  After trying many many places in the Phoenix area, and only being met with disappointment, I stopped into Lux because it is near my work.  The atmosphere is different - there is a high top manicure bar and then a very large open area with traditional nail counters and pedicure chairs.  They use liners for the pedicures and all the tools are clean and sterilized.  I have been multiple times 30 minutes before closing and they have stayed late to really give me the royal treatment.  One time they even used fresh orange halves on my legs!  The massage lasts significantly longer than other nail places and the paint job is always perfect - I've had both the gel and the regular.  The only negative is it is not the cheapest in town - but I have found that you get what you pay for in the nail world, so I don't mind paying a few extra bucks for a phenomenal job.
5	Lux Nail Bar in Chandler has some amazing nail techs but the best is Steven!! I am very very very picky and this man takes such good care of me!! He has been doing my nails for two years now, I love him!!
5	My new favorite place to go for a manicure! The staff is so friendly & the salon is decorated so elegantly and clean. I got a gel manicure and my mom got acrylics and our nails have NEVER looked better! They're quick application, but they make sure you're comfortable and everything is perfect the whole time. Very impressed and I will totally recommend Lux Nail Bar to anyone and everyone!
5	I am a perfectionist and enjoy wearing jewelry so really like my hands to look nice.  I have tried MANY places, both near my home as well as my work area and most often have been unsatisfied with the results and/or with the staff's unfriendliness/ pressure to do additional services.  At Lux, however, I had a WONDERFUL experience.  My daughter and I went yesterday- her for a regular mani with French-tip gel polish and me for a backfill of acrylic nails.  Both of us enjoyed the atmosphere at the nail bar as well as our results.  My husband even noticed and said my nails have never looked better!  I can't wait to go back and experience a pedi!!
5	Very clean, best customer service I have experienced in a nail Salon. Everyone was friendly and the work was great.
1	Extremely disappointed!! I went in today for a gel manicure and right away felt very out of place! Although the place is very clean and has a high end feel to it, the nail bar seats are extremely awkward and uncomfortable. They do have a lot of colors too choose from, but the color I chose (a soft pink) the lady basically refused to use on me. She just kept saying too light with your skin color no choose another. I picked that color for a reason, because I liked it!!! After I was tired of arguing with her I chose a gray color. Satisfied with my decision the manicure finally started. And then 2 minutes later the lady says "your nail beds to short, we do white tip".  Umm I thought this was my manicure why is this lady telling me what color she is painting my nails? Wanting to just get out of there I said whatever. Thirty five dollars later my nails look like crap and I'm extremely frustrated! Will I return to this nail salon HELL NO!!
5	I LOVE this place !! Great customer service every time I have been, very personable. I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes there, and I adore my nails every time I go!
5	As a guy its hard for me to say ... I get a mani & pedi.  But when I do I go to this great place.  I love the service and the people that work there.  My wife loves Steven and I enjoy his funny personality and my wife's nails always look amazing!!!  Thanks to the ladies that do my nails and thanks Steven for doing a great job on my beautiful wife's nails.
4	I've been going to Lux Nail Bar since they opened here in Chandler. Everyone that works there has been really nice and Tom is very welcoming, excited to see me coming back. Their prices are a little spendy, I pay with tip, for a gel mani and regular pedi upwards to $75, maybe that's not spendy, but for me it is. Sometimes the gel will stay on my fingers for two, most of the time thought, it's off in a week. Love getting my nails done, but it never stays on :-( I'll keep coming back though. It's a nice, clean environment and I feel that they truly welcome the business.
5	Very professional and very kind. I was so impressed with how clean this whole nail salon was; the inside is immaculate! Also the employees are kind and gentle! I don't know about you but I from past experiences, manicures make me nervous. I have been cut at my cuticles too many times before, but not here at Lux. I would definitely return! Give them a try!
2	It was ok. Over priced for what I got. I got a regular spa pedicure $25 plus callous remover $5. I seriously did not get a massage I got lotion rubbed on my feet and legs. That's the best part of a pedicure is the massage so I was disappointed. Also the technician did not speak to me at all until the end when she wanted a tip. I guess everything's worth trying again but it was a waste of $30.
5	Finally a nail place, that does a fabulous job! The staff was super friendly. I made an appt, arrived a little early and got called back right away. A nail technician named Jenny did my nails. She was friendly and very focused. She exceeded my expectations, since other nail places haven't done as good of a job. It will cost a bit more. But worth it, if it looks nice! :-)The manager was nice too. I forget his name. He was funny and very welcoming. He took off my old gel nails for me, to prep me for when Jenny was ready to do my nails. I'll be back!
5	I got 10% off and a beautiful gel pedicure. The staff was professional And very clean and organized. I was pleased to be offered a bottle of water and my mother's pedicure came with an amazing massage with whole oranges and great smelling lotions. They do speak English and are very friendly. Also they don't do a rough job, nothing hurts or feels uncomfortable like most places. If you are tired of the basic unclean and non friendly staff at other nail salons then you should definitely come to lux for the sanitation and atmosphere.
5	I was shopping over here at Chandler Fashion Square, and was in dire need of a pedi.I pulled up Yelp and on the area, the first one listed was Lux Nail bar.I walked in and was greeted with a smile and asked how he could help.I asked if they had any Walk In Appointments available, and he said right away.My nail tech Jenny could not have been any sweeter and gentle.I opted for the gel pedi, as I am notorious for messing up my polish within seconds of leaving.I let Jenny pick the color and she did not disappoint.Kind. Friendly. Clean. Beautifully decorated!I cannot to go back and have other services done, and bring my husband.Such a great establishment!
1	Very disappointed.  Had acrylic nails applied, tech rushed thru the job. 6 days later looks like I need a fill already and nails don't go completely to the edge on the sides.y daughter had her nails done at the same time, tech argued with her about what she wanted and she wound up with bubbles under 4 if her nails.  We WONT be going back.P.s. They speak English, but only if they have to.
5	Lux Nail Bar is the place. Finally, a nail salon that is clean, friendly, and does a great job on my nails. I'm impressed that there isn't the typical Asian chatter and they spoke English that I could understand.  Tom, the manager, was friendly and does a good job with his staff.   Tina did an amazing job with my nails and Christina did a wonderful spa pedicure. They take extra care at keeping everything clean. A bit on the pricey side but worth it!
4	Steven did my nails and he did a great job.  He knows what he is doing! I was here last week and Tina did my full set and 6 days later nails were lifting and chipping. Steven came to the rescue and they look great! He has earned my business.   LUX NAIL is a good spot, clean, friendly, and professional. I recommend Steven! :-)
4	I just got my nails done here and I cannot say I'm not pleased! I was a little wary with how this whole experience was going to go - but I'm glad I just bit the bullet! I went with my friend because it is where he goes. I will tell you - it is expensive, but worth it in the end. I recommend this place and Tina! My nails are beautiful and already got compliments 10 minutes after!
5	Christine, Tina and Tom took great care of me. I had a fabulous experience - great customer service and beautiful atmosphere. I'll definitely be back!
2	Clean salon and the workers were friendly. The service was decent as well. Before my nails were dry, the tech came to me and said, "Sooo...you wanna pay me now?" I told him I would once my nails were dried. Without my permission, he pulled my bag off the ground and proceeded to open it. I'm sure his goal was to be helpful but it was totally invasive and uncalled for. I stopped him and asked him to be patient. That alone turned me off...unfortunate because it's a nice place. I won't be back.
5	Love this place! They are the best. Great customer service everytime! Beautiful ambiance. I live in mesa and its definitely worth the drive! Keep up the good work! Tom, the owner, is awesome!
5	VIP pedicure was amazing - highly recommend! Had a full set a pink/white gel nails done. Annie & Christina did great. I already set up my next appointment. :-)
5	Great service. Tina and Christine found the colors I requested from Instagram. Gorgeous!!  Very happy
5	Beautiful, clean nail salon. I had a pedicure with Kevin and he was wonderful! This salon is gorgeous inside and I was amazed at how clean everything was. I would definitely go back!
5	I have been visiting this salon for over close to a year now and absolutely love the professionalism, cleanliness,  and excellent service I receive each time I go.  Christine is AMAZING!  I love the awesome job she does and appreciate the suggestions for styles and colours.  Her attention to detail is what I greatly admire!  I've just recently started having my eyebrows waxed and I am truly impressed by Christine's skills!  At this point I just say "do what you want" and it always comes out PERFECT!  TOM is just the sweetest, kind and professional guy!  Tina is great as well! I love the manner in which the business is ran and the modern look of the salon.  I refuse to go anywhere else!  What is also fantastic is that even if you do not have an appointment they can always get you in for service.   I love you guys, thank you for always making my experience at your salon fabulous! !!
5	Loved this place.  I went with my sister and the people, owner Tom and salon are fabulous.  If I lived here I would go weekly.  The best hour deluxe pedicure I have ever had and so worth $40.
5	Where do I start? My friend and I were in town for work - bah. We've been working really long days and late nights and decided to get mani pedis.Woah. We picked the right place. Tom, the owner, is absolutely delightful. He made us feel welcome, relaxed, and checked in on us throughout our visit. I wish I could get my nails done here all the time - but, alas, I live in San Francisco.Do yourself a favor and let Tom and his team take care of you.
5	This place was fantastic!! We went here to get our nails done as bridal party. Got a last minute appointment. The manager was very attentive and concerned with needs. He did a last minute touch up for our group and we had a great time! Even had champagne   option!
5	Lux has the friendliest staff I have ever encountered. Tom greets you at the door and makes you feel at home. They took their time during the pedi and laughed and talked. Tina and Kim worked on our feet and are two awesome gals. Very professional and extremely nice.
4	I received a gift card for Christmas from my husband to try out Lux. He mentioned that he was very impressed with the ambiance of the business from the moment he walked in. He was totally right! Lux was designed to feel posh, clean and hip. You won't find any cheesy decor or strewn out electrical cords here! The full wall glass waterfall upon entry catches your attention immediately. Then you begin to take in the shimmering white stone wall tiles and grey brick borders. This isn't your typical nail salon with individual stations for the nail techs. There are two granite bars (similar to a kitchen island bar with barstools). The bar to the right is for basic and gel manicures while the bar on the left is for acrylic nails and fills. In the back you will find 12 spa pedicure chairs paired up in 2's to allow space for the nail techs to accommodate manicures during a pedicure. Oh, and every employee wears a name tag! Something you don't normally see at nail salons.Be sure to ask for STEVEN. He's been in the business of nails for 17 years and will make sure your vision and/or pickiness is met! I had forgotten to pick out a color for my pedicure...and by forgotten, I mean that I wasn't drawn to a wall of nail polish immediately upon my entrance. In fact, at Lux they keep all the polishes behind the nail bars for easy access to the nail techs and organization. I mentioned what color I had an interest in painting my toes and Steven came back with 6 different options for me to choose from, knowing I would need to see a spectrum of burgundy shades to make my final decision.The menu at Lux is fabulous! Easy to read, well put together and fairly priced. I recommend the Delux Pedicure for $40. It includes the callus remover, sugar scrub, orange (literally the fruit) rub, lavender lotion, lavender mousse massage and hot towel. On top of that, I went with the gel French manicure. Steven went to work on making sure my nails would last the next 2 weeks by putting an extra coat (or two) on and filing down any rough edges once I was all hardened up. A quick shining up of each nail topped off the manicure and I was ready to go!Overall, it was an awesome experience and I will be back again!
3	I liked Tom instantly;  he greeted me with a smile, linked his arm with mine and guided me over to Jenny,  the popular pedicure girl. My nails and feet were a tragedy when I arrived,  but these folks fixed me right up. The ambiance is nice and I never felt uncomfortable.I am a California girl who is used to getting more for less money. They charge a lot more than other shops in the area, but I suspect that the high space rent plays a role in that. I will keep them handy for a pinch.
5	Just in town for the new year and i wanted to check out this place because of the good reviews... And they weren't wrong.. Customer service is superb.. Becky, who did my pedicure took her time and didn't rush through my pedicure.. She did an absolutely amazing job.. Tom was very welcoming and even offered me tea.. They want your business but they sure do work for it.. It's much appreciated and i will definitely be coming back here.. I'm moving to AZ in a few months and this place can definitely be MY nail spot
5	Very happy with Christine. She always takes great care. Like the complimentary water - great for AZ!  Toes look fab!
