4	I am shocked that no one has reviewed Tonto Bar & Grill since Francesca's 4 star review back in March...I've been to Tonto Bar & Grill a handful of times and I've never been disappointed.  Most recently, I went for lunch on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  My BF and I sat outside and enjoyed the fresh air and beautiful view of the Rancho Manana Golf Course as we dined.  I will agree with Francesca that this is a rustic but extremely classy restaurant.  It's warm and cozy inside and has the feel of a lodge but serves higher end cuisine... "all natural" meats and a variety of fresh salad, soups, veggies, breads, and desserts prepared daily.  I recently learned that Tonto uses many native AZ products and supports the Native SEARCH seed program (whatever that is but it sounds really great).Back to my Sunday afternoon lunch...After taking a while to peruse the menu and enjoying a fine basket of fresh bread and butter, we decided to share a large Cowboy Cobb Salad with Lemon Herb Vinaigrette and Crumbled Bleu Cheese.  The salad came with chicken, bacon, egg, tomato, cucumber, and an avocado fan on top.  It was the perfect size for 2 to share and they split it in the kitchen for us which made it easy.  Since we were hungry we each ordered a side item as well.  I had the acorn squash - it was seasoned just right and melted in my mouth... I would order it again and again - it tasted like candy!  I think Jared was envious of the squash since he kept coming back for more.  He ordered the barley and mushroom risotto as a side and he enjoyed it but it didn't compare to the acorn squash.Service was pretty good although our side items were not brought out until at least 10 minutes after our salad.  The view of the golf course made up for that easily, as did the fact that we were in no rush. In past visits, I've tasted the salmon, scallops, and grouper as well as several of the veggies.  I love that the menu has so many options to choose from... there is something for everyone from the meat and potato lover to the strict vegetarian.  It's really fun to go with a group so you can taste a little of everything.Tonto Bar & Grill is a great spot that is worth venturing out to if you're looking for something different!
5	I ate lunch here today and it was really fantastic! Besides an extensive regular menu, Tonto has a vegan and gluten free menu...yummmm. I started with the caprese salad which had three fresh mozzarellas (ancho chili, sage, hibiscus) made on site paired with three thick slices of heirloom tomato and micro sage. My cousin suggested their spaghetti squash (a side) to share and it was delicious! It is seasoned with grilled onion and tossed with wilted spinach...so good! My meal was a torta with layers of mashed anasazi beans, green chiles, chopped tomatoes, mashed sweet potatoes and a bunch of other stuff and was accompanied by whole grain baked crackers. It was a great blend of textures in the torta and all the flavors mixed seamlessly. My cousin had an ahi tuna roll that looked like it had been covered in tempura - she loved it. The flavors of everything we tried really stood out. I would go back in a second!
4	A great place to eat lunch after hiking at Spur Cross Ranch Conservation Area down the road.  There were twelve of us on the patio enjoying the surroundings and new friends.  I started with Sam Adams (a necessity after hiking) and some really delicious bread.  Several of us ordered the Crispy Iceberg  Lettuce, Fried Calamari, Wok Vegetables and Chili Garlic Dressing with the dressing on the side.  In asking the difference between large and small the waitress commented the large has been compared to a trough so we all ordered the small.  More than adequate with lots of hot calamari.  It turned out the chili garlic dressing was mild so we all piled it on.  Good times on the patio after a great hike along three trails with wildflowers, giant saguaro and even a riparian area that was saved from developers a dozen years ago.
4	Visiting for a week, my wife and I had a date night out to Tonto.  Knowing Binkley's was down the street and being from the Bay area where good food is king, we didn't not want to get all caught up in a meal.  Instead going to Tonto, the food was good and atmosphere very nice.  I recommend the Corn Chowder soup but the Pork Chops I had were a little overdone.  Otherwise, if you are looking for a $100+ dinner for two....I would recommend if in Cave Creek.
5	This is a favorite whenever I come to Arizona to visit my family.  The view is fantastic and the food even better.  The waitstaff and is always friendly and helpful and puts up with my dad's antics (aka really bad jokes)  On my last visit I had the ahi tuna rolls and practically the whole bread basket by myself.  I also had the rioja wine.  Everything was delicious!  The weather cooperated and we were able to enjoy outside dining in the relaxed atmosphere and watch the wildlife on the golf course and the mountains in the background.  I can't recommend Tonto Bar and Grill enough.
4	So I just wrote a very honest review of Cartwrights, which I HATE. This place I love. Odd considering they are owned by the same people.Anyway, this is a really good place to eat. I recommend keeping it simple. The appetizers are great, can't go wrong with any of them. They claim the best burger in the valley and you know what? They may be right. It is fantastic. The shrimp tacos are also very very good.If I had a criticism, it would be that some of the more complicated entrees are a little "out there" but there is enough great food on the appetizer and sandwich menu to have a great experience.Furthermore, sit at the bar, thats where it's at. The bartenders are great and never fail to deliver great service and mix very good cocktails.
4	Looking for a romantic place to take my BFF @cburg we visited Tonto's. After a great walk through the neighborhood and an amazing Tontorita (highly recommended) in the patio, we enjoyed a marvelous dinner. This place would clearly be a five star if only we could have found some way of arranging a reservation during sunset. My advice? Book ahead. (And plan to enjoy a Tontorita, or three)
5	Cave Creek probably has the best restaurants per capita in Arizona!  In business since 1994, Tonto Bar and Grill may be the dean of Cave Creek fine dining.We had a Saturday reservation at 5:30pm and by 6:00pm there wasn't an empty seat in the place.  As aptly described in Cameron K's review, the tontorita is not to be missed!  Mine was lightly splashed with orange juice and I look forward to another one soon.I don't normlly pay much attention to the obligatory basket of bread, but Tonto's was freshly baked, flavorful and served with whipped butter.The salads are completely fresh and the presentation is excellent.  I had the compressed arugula and Spanish manchego cheese salad with candied Arizona pecans, sun-dried tomatoes, tart cubed green apples and pistachio vinaigrette.  Like the tontorita, I look forward to having this, again, soon!My entree was a bowl of penne pasta with sauteed beef tips, black beans, corn, tomatoes, red onions, and feta cheese in a very mild red chili sauce.  I hate to use the old cliche, but it was a taste explosion in my mouth!  It was delicious beyond description.Finally, my two friends and I divided dessert three ways and we had the warm buttermilk chocolate cake with candied pecan ice cream and warm chocolate sauce.  On a scale of 1 to 10, it was off the charts at about a 30!!!This is a favorite place to take out of town guests.  The atmosphere is relaxed, the service is excellent and the food is marvelous.  It is a place that guests will long remember and talk about after their visits to Arizona.
4	Our little family went here for lunch on a Sunday. We go there before the lunch crowd and we were totally digging the scenery. We sat in the closed in patio over looking the golf course. My husband has played the course a few times which started a conversation about moving to a golf course. That's another story...We went hoping for a brunch, but all the items on the menu (even weekends) are lunch/dinner items. However, the special for the day was bananas foster waffles. We both go that and, oh my goodness, was it good!!!  I didn't eat again until late that night and it put us both in a food coma. The orange syurp was amazing and everything went so well together! The downfall was our mimosas were about the same price as our entrees, so our total bill was $60 for breakfast. However, I do get to go back in a couple of weeks for a reception with some fellow alumni, so I am happy to know I will be trying other foods there also!
2	We had dinner in the old room next to the Bar area.  The food was fine but the service was pretty painful.  It was one of those dinners where to get the next thing we had to flag down our server or someone else.  I ordered a cocktail and waited almost 15 minutes for it to arrive.  We had to ask for bread and for the cocktail glass to be removed and for another wine glass to be brought and we had to ask for several other things as well.  It is hard to enjoy dinner and company when you are waving at servers all the time.
4	It's pricey, but the food is spectacular. There wasn't much on the menu that I didn't think sounded great. I would have given it 5 stars but out service was pretty slow so I just couldn't pull the trigger on that :)Sit on the lower patio, the views (especially of the sunset) are amazing.Definitely will be back. We were there on a Tuesday night and the place was packed at 6pm.
4	I enjoyed a pleasant lunch here with my carefree grandparents-in-law who recommended Tonto as a delicious place. When we first entered the I thought it might be full of retirees and rich Arizonians but I was pleasantly surprised to find a crowd of all sorts enjoying lunch on the outdoor patio overlooking a pretty view of the golf course and elegant Saguaros. Elegantly Casual American describes Tonto. Indeed it's pricey, but the food is fresh, creatively presented and delicious. (Extra pluses for using locally-sourced ingredients) I enjoyed the Mexican white shrimp tacos. The petite shrimp comes drenched in a sassy ancho chili green pepper sauce, complemented by a cool and zesty cabbage-carrot-cilanto slaw, avocado cream sauce and chewy homemade white corn tortillas. The fun is getting to assemble your own tacos. I ate nearly every bite and was stuffed for most of the day. My companions enjoyed the Reuben sandwich (layered corned beef on crispy rye, served with skinny fries that don't need ketchup) and the Halibut served on potato cake with spinach and carrot salad. Grandma-in-law said the halibut was tender and flavorful. I can imagine a bunch of friends or foodies mingling and laughing, sipping wine in relaxed delight as you drink in the beautiful view. Worth a visit, whether you're a local foodie or traveler.
4	Awesome atmosphere... a little pricey, but worth it if the weather is right and you can sit on the patio and watching the golfers play. Service was slightly slow today at lunch, but the experience was enjoyable as we were in no rush. The indoor seating was empty and I would hesistate to go here if I had to sit inside.
4	Excellent selection and wine list. Server was all up on her organic grass fed/finished schpiel which delighted me to no end. Split the shrimp tacos which were delish. Not a bad dish at the table. I'd RUN back!
5	This restaurant has it all. Attentive staff, fabulous food and ambiance like no other in Cave Creek.  In particular, the split pea soup is the best I've ever had. Omg. It is so delicious that I can't go there without ordering it. It is just that good! The desserts are beautiful and decadent and you can tell that they've just been freshly made. Wow. This to me defines the perfect restaurant. Lovely.Delicious. and guaranteed to make your day.
4	Great atmosphere, patio and service. Delicious bread and lunch menu. Our party of 4 loved every item we ordered.One of the best S/W inspired restaurants in the entire valley. Far better than most valley S/W/Mexican restaurants and well worth the drive.
4	Had the chance to Tonto Bar & Grill thanks to some friends in Cave Creek who have been here before and suggested it!  We just enjoyed the patio, happy hour and the fire place.I didn't eat, but a desert was shared by the girls and they loved it!  The atmosphere is classic desert!
4	It's Sunday. You got the special car out of the garage and need a good destination to take it that'll allow you to open it up on the way.  And it's been way too long since the last vacation so that your shoulders seem permanently affixed to your ears.  A trip to Tonto Grill left me feeling like some might feel from an afternoon at the spa - if one were into spa treatments.  After finally getting around the 40MPH-in-the-50MPH-zone signtseers, we were able to get full throttle for a few miles before reaching that No Car Fun Zone called Carefree.  But it was enough.  Let's drive over to Cave Creek.Our food was more than enough.  Started with a cocktail, which got me a weird look from the waitress but she politely obliged...they must not do much cocktail business at lunch.  It wasn't so great, so think I'll stick to iced tea or wine in the future.  The food was outstanding.  The sesame and poppy seed encrusted bread they left at the table was full of flavor and just the right level of chewy.  I got the day's special - lamb chops on cranberry-orange risotto.  Though the lamb was a bit pinker than the medium I ordered, it was still excellent; so tender and full of juicy flavor.  The risotto was amazing - nuff said.  Lunch partner loved the open faced steak sandwich sitting on a pile of mashed potatoes and topped with a tempura battered onion ring.  Of course I snarfed the leftovers. The wine based sauce with mushrooms was wonderful.  Wait staff was very eager to please and gladly fulfilled every request, but usually they did it before we had to.  Creme brulee for dessert was some of the best I've had.  So we sat and sat at our patio table on the green tree-lined golf course.  After a bit there was a distinct popping sound - ears releasing their grip of shoulders.  aaaaahhhhh
4	A lovely place for an outdoor lunch.  Good food and very pleasant setting on a golf course.
4	Excellent food, worth the price, the menu has classics (your choices of burgers and mesquite-grilled meats) and some more imaginative dishes. A good choice (5+) of salad bases to combine with either of 5+ meat/fish small portions on top. The "three sisters" salsa and breads starter is a local favorite and worth a try. It does not get five stars for two main shortcomings- Wine list: pretentious and overpriced (and the wine by the glass is more by the half glass)- Service: we got our mains while we were hardly 1/2 way our shared starter. And we were not the only ones that evening nor in the list of review. I smell a trick to try and maximize table turnover. Management was sensitive to bitter complaining, though (free creme brulee which was far too heavy anyhow)
5	This place was so awesomely good. It had a cozy atmosphere, a great waitstaff, and the food was to die for. The flavors were robust and interesting. We had the Three Sisters Salsa, the special soup (a lovely, mildly spicy Pozole soup), and then I had a Tumbleweed salad with Mesquite-grilled tenderloin. Other at my table had the tempura ahi tuna roll (and it was a HUGE hit), the white shrimp tacos, and the penne pasta. Each and every one of us were impressed. For a bunch of out-of-towners looking for some tasty Arizona eats, this was the place to be.
5	First time eating here last Friday night. My date said it was delicious.  She was right. The small dining  room was crowded for a Friday, especially right before the Balloon festival. Are server Mary Lousie was attentive and explained in detail the specials and the menue items. We choose to do the fresh Salmon with sphagetti squash and the Beef Tenderloin. Since we told her we wanted to share she split the meal for us without any charge. We have a small salad. The wines by the glass were limited but good. We choose the La Crema. Driving and wine tasting in AZ is not a good idea. The meal came promptly and boy was the encrusted salmon to die for.  The beef tenderloin was soft and at medium perfect.  The portions are large at the average price per entry of $22-35. You might be asking for a doggy bag for your spoiled pup.  Since it was a date set up by her daughter one of the hostesses the server must have known. He he.,  When we told her no room for desert she insisted.  Next came out a cold plate with a special box filled with two homemade truffles compliments of the chef.  Wow what a treat. Also it was nice touch to have the frozen writing on the plate tell us to enjoy this every.   This place will certainly be a highly recommendation for the special event when I am looking to splurge a little. Bravo to the staff and Chef.
4	We loved this place and hope to return someday. Brenda was our server and she was knowledgeable, attentive and amusing as well as a hard-core mom of teenagers.We ordered bloody mary's, which we often do, and Brenda was the first server EVER to offer Absolut Peppar vodka which we always request anyways.The food and wine was fabulous, I was happy with the wine selection which included a few local wines. The 4 of us shared a shrimp appetizer and a tortilla/Indian bread with salsas appetizer. Our salads were superb. I ordered a butter lettuce salad with lemon dressing. The ingredients in every bite were so fresh. For an early dinner my Mr. and I split a beef medallion which came with red bell pepper mashed potatoes. Delish.Enjoy!
4	Having had to give up golf due to the fact that something had to give a few years back it is not often that I get to a golf course. The Tonto Bar and Grill is sitting right on a beautiful Arizona course. A course I would be in trouble if I played as the fairways are narrow and the greens are small...from what I could see anyway. But this is not a golf review so lets get to it.....Arriving at Tonto for our 6 P.M. reservation a little early so we could soak up some of the area I was mildly surprised by a group of women riding beautiful horses right in front of us and just in front of the sign for Tonto Bar and Grill. It was one of those things that just seemed right. Walking the path to the front door you are met with the usual AZ landscape fixtures...cactus...etc...but the lighting and structure are very warm and welcoming in that old west decor way. We are met by a couple of hostesses that oddly enough could not find our reservation. This was particularly odd by the fact that I still have the email confirmation response from them for the exact date and time we were there. Oh well...We were seated outside overlooking the course and the Arizona countryside. The sky was clear and the weather was perfect. It was quite beautiful to say the least as the sun was going down and the painted sky darkened. After discussing whether or not to go with a bottle of wine the group decided to head off in their own respective alky direction. I ended up having the Dogfish IPA and it was a little mild for an IPA but good nonetheless!!Our server seemed a bit overwhelmed/distracted/other and was not as attentive as one would expect at a place of this caliber. Her shortcomings did not frustrate the group as much as it could have and that is in large part due to the fact you can't help but be relaxed here.Second beer FINALLY arrives and entrees are ordered!! I went with a NY Steak and asked for a substitute potato dish instead of the Yukon Gold fingerlings. Asking for a substitution of Sweet Potato Au Gratin seems easy enough but in the end it came a side dish. (See earlier statement about overwhelmed server)The steak was overcooked but delicious. It was even better after I scraped off the unnecessary blue cheese. The Sweet Potato Au Gratins were a masterpiece. thinly slice potato stacked (think lasagna) about 3 inches high!! Everyone enjoyed their dishes and coffee and desert was ordered. The coffee was fine and the fruit covered creme  brulee was excellent!!I look forward to going back!!
5	After a week in North Scottsdale we found Tontos' and decided it was the best spot we had tried.  Loved the classic old western decor and atmosphere and the food was the most interesting we had in the area. The short ribs were amazing and served with the stacked sweet potato dish made for an awesome meal. My husband had the German pork snitzle with warm potato salad.  Was a little leery about ordering a classic German dish in old west type of restaurant but he said it was the best he had ever had. Inside, or out on the lovely patio, a charming place to spend the evening!  Look forward to going again on my next trip to the desert.
5	I'm pretty sure Tonto Bar & Grill is my favorite place to eat in AZ.  We've been coming here for special occasion dinners for close to 10 years and I've never been disappointed.  If the weather's nice, definitely get a seat on the patio - amazing views with occasional javelina sightings!  I always order the schnitzel and it's AMAZING - though the burgers, pastas and salads are incredible as well.
3	My husband came in at 8:50 on a friday night. Place was full. we were hopeful it was going to be a great dinner! Hostess, a young girl turned us away and said they had stopped serving dinner! If owner knew they would be furious!  W edrove another thirty minutes to Mortons Steak House where we spent $300.00 and were treated like Kings. Too bad.
4	Gorgeous setting and wonderful food!  I had "BLT Revival".  It was amazing!  The cornmeal-fried green tomatoes were an excellent touch and I couldn't get enough of the lemon-basil aoli.
5	I saw an ad for this restaurant in a magazine and decided to give it a try.  Good marketing I guess?  We drove up and although it was a bit hidden, the view is amazing.  The inside is really pretty - nice touches to make you feel like you are in a native American dwelling.  We started with the 3 sisters salsas and chips.  OMG the chips were all homemade and delicious - there was a warm bread/soft taco and then the tortilla chips.  The salsas were all really good and interesting.  Each one had a different flavors and the portions were huge - easily enough for 4 people.I ordered the BLT with house salad.  The dressing was delicious I seriously would have bought some if they bottled it.  The sandwich was huge!  Slices on avocado and huge strips of bacon, what more could you ask for?This was one of the best meals I've had in Arizona and I'd go back in a heart beat.
4	This is my husband and my favorite restaurant up here in Cave Creek. I think more than half the draw is the view. While I choose to live in the desert and love it, there is something distinctly calming - and cooling - about looking out over a vista of green. Watch long enough and you'll see javelina and possibly bobcats and mountain lions out on the gold course. The menu says it changes seasonally but I haven't really noticed a change in the last year. Not a huge selection of food but nicely edited - try the two pasta dishes, which are our favorites. Service from the waitstaff is great, but I took a star away for the hostesses. They're all like 16 years old, never, ever smile or make you feel welcome and have proven to be utterly unhelpful when asked even something as simple as how long the wait would be. We've also called ahead to reserve a specific table, told it wold be held for us & had this little blond cheerleader tell us too bad, so sad, not her problem. I always kind of steel myself for those initial couple of minutes, but once seated it's a wonderful experience. Just wish they would hire grownups to man the front.
4	Love, love, love Tonto.  Just had the sand dabs . . . never ever had sand dabs before . . .  ridiculously delicious!!!On a wickedly busy night, with private parties in the main rooms and patios, Tonto still delivered with excellent service and great food!  It is my "go to" restaurant when we have company from out of town!
5	My girlfriend and I ventured out to Arizona for a weekend. We came across Tonto and decided to give it a go for lunch (looked beautiful from the outside, set in a country-club setting with amazing vistas). We began our meal with the 3 sisters salsas and chips. The chips were homemade and absolutely incredible. The accompanying salsas were also delicious. I ordered a burger and it was incredible. Without question, one of the top 10 I have ever eaten in my lifetime. I'd detail it all, but pretty much every aspect was good. One of the better meals I have ever had.
5	Amazing ambiance, views and food, everything Arizona has to offerAND MORE, the staff is always friendly food is always excellentand atmosphere is peaceful and sooooo southwest....the furnishings unique and menu always changes, love it!
2	Okay...this was very surprising since it was just voted Best Southwestern food in PHX mag's Best of the Valley issue...and thus, it made us want to have a visit.I LOVE southwestern food...and I was very let down by this place.  I feel like I should give it 3 stars...but as an "A-OK" rating, I just can't.  If 3 stars were for "OK food" then I'd give it 3 stars.  But truly, I have...I have had better.PHX Mag said to try the crab cakes, which we did, and they were delicious.  Very happy with them and therefore expected the entrees to be just as great...but they weren't.  : (  I had the salmon, which the waitress recommended and it was such a bummer.  It had way too many conflicting tastes going on that didn't seem to blend at all.  I lost my appetite after a few bites.  My boyfriend had the shrimp tacos which were just...average.  We were really disappointed.  Again, the crab cake appetizer was great and the two margaritas were as well - the Tontorita and the Prickly Pear - both very, very yummy.  But overall, if PHX Mag continues to recommend more lame-oid meals, I'm gonna have to start using it as wrapping paper instead of a go-to guide for great meals in this town.
5	Absolute perfection ! The dinners were art at it's finest. Swine schnitzel like you were in germany, and the deserts too !  Lots of options, with natural meats and plenty for the vegetarian as well.
5	Just had an excellent dinner here the other night - we had great service on a very busy night (the Final Four games were on), too.My meal:Three Sisters salsa trio: nice way to start a meal for a group. Three different salsas (two red, one green) with homemade tortilla chips and fry bread. Barbeque glazed salmon over squash/sweet potato hash and a tamarind sauce: I haven't had a salmon dish this good/unique in a long time. Highly recommended.And, the obligatory margarita (known as a "Tontorita" here) - very good.We sat inside, but the outdoor seating area looked great! Hoping to visit again someday soon to enjoy the outdoor setting in person.
5	Wow, our friends recommended Tonto Bar and Grill and so glad they did.  A wonderful meal, great service, ambiance....what more can you ask for.
4	Hamburger (corn fed variety which means it's from Iowa) was good, chips and salsa were ok but what I loved about this place was sitting there for 2-1/2 hours and looking out at the beautiful yard with the hill in the distance.  Boy, when I find a guy to go out with we're going there....muy romantico!Cute, clean, nice place and would I go back?  Yup...sure would.The lunch to me was just okay, but I was with a whole bunch of girlfriend and with the good service and excellent view...well, it was just a perfect place for a long chat.
3	3 stars mainly for the entrees. The bar service was lacking and the wrong vintage of wine was served to us that was far less in substance but not in price than what was on the wine list.  The manager seemed apologetic but offered no discount. We left 1/2 the bottle sitting on the table. :(The entire meal was saved by the entrees. The root beer braised beef short ribs were superb in taste and tenderness. The ancho rubbed beef fillet was quite enjoyable.
3	Went for Restaurant Week ($30). I had the arugula & manchego, candied Arizona pecan, sun-dried cherry, green apple salad with the pistachio vinaigrette. It was waaaaaay overdressed. Which was a bummer because the salad and the dressing were both good. I guess there is such thing as: "too much of a good thing." My entree selection was the pork schnitzel served with warm German potato salad. Despite still being pink inside, it was tough for as thin as it had been -- not sure what happened.  I brought half of the pork home and it was barely better the next day. Of course, I had to save room for the white nougat semifreddo which was a great ending on warm summer evening.The setting was pretty and the portions were generous. The food was good but not "destination worthy," which is my measure for that fourth or fifth star, when places are outside my "bubble." Mind you: I WILL (and often DO) travel for food. This is a place I would definitely stop at if I were already there but probably not make the trek to Cave Creek just for it.
3	The entire room is wood wall to wall and dark.  We didn't sit on the patio because it was warm outside.  Service was good in the beginning but about 2/3 through our meal the server was gone and never seen again until the bill was finally brought to us.  We ordered grass fed beef burgers and they were rather dry.  Nothing was special just ordinary you could get anywhere.  Kind of pricey for ordinary fair.  I wouldn't return.
4	I am just going to tell you to go to happy hour.  Bartender was adorable as were the other patrons seated at the bar.  Beautiful spot in Cave Creek.  I guess I need to go for a meal for a full review.  But go have a cocktail.
4	The first place we take friends visiting from out of state. Very well done southeast style design. If the weather allows sit outside on spacious patio. Service is always friendly and professional. Food is consistently good. Only issue for me is that the menu offerings rarely change.
1	Have been there twice in the past few months.  First time was during the busier snow bird season.  My wife and I were seated quickly.  Order was taken and then they forgot about us.  Tables next to us got their food quickly but ours never came.  Spoke to the manager who offered to quickly make our entrees but we left since we had somewhere to go.  Tried it again about 3 weeks ago.   It was not busy but the service was again terrible.  We wanted to order drinks but could not get the attention of our server who was standing at the ending of the room talking to the other servers.  We finally had to ask one of the busboys.  Our food came relatively quickly.  My wife ordered a hamburger.  It was so greasy that the bun was saturated with grease and not edible.  We complained to the manager who offered to bring her another.  We decided to leave after finishing the appetizers. Would not go back.  It is unfortunate since we live  min away and would love to have a good neighborhood place.
4	We went here for lunch today and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  The setting is spectacular right on the golf course with a beautiful view of the mountains.  The service is good.  And the food was really quite good.  I enjoyed the chorizo and potato quiche with a southwestern caesar salad and my husband enjoyed the steak sandwich - 3 medallions on a blue cheese bruschetta with green beans and potatoes.   All in all, a very relaxing and enjoyable lunch!
2	Basically this place really need to justify its prices. Ive been all over the country, and visited different parts of the world, spent years on the French Riviera, and cant figure out why this place is so expensive.Nothing on the menu was perfect. I had to get my order custom made, and left kind of disappointed. The overall quality was pretty good, but I was expecting to discover something amazing, or at least win a cash prize.Decor was typical "Spanish Style", which they probably didnt have to spent a lot on since thats what all the places in the area are like, except the track homes and the strip malls.So what I am asking Tonto Bar, is for you to give me a reason to come back. Also, keep in mind that I am vegetarian.
4	Yelp search for vegan food led me and my mom here nice little place on a beautiful golf course. Friendly, knowledgable staff made my inner server glow when they knew which plate went where. Quite a few vegan dishes, delicious local wines. I really dug that they took a lot of local ingredients and added a nice flair to their menu.Glad I came!
2	The Tonto Bar and Grill use to be a favorite of mine when I was in the Carefree, AZ area, after tonight I'm not willing to make the drive from Goodyear to Cave Creek just to eat there.  As usual the food was great, but the service suffered as I've not experienced before. We were seated across from the door between the kitchen and the dining room where wait staff were constantly coming and going, but it gets better. At one point a waiter was entering the dining room from the kitchen with a plate in each hand, he kicked the kitchen door open so hard with his foot that the door sprung back and knocked one plate from his hand, which landed on the floor and broke splattering plate material and food. Shortly after, a second waiter came through the kitchen floor and slipped on whatever was on the floor (heavy Mexican tiles), landing on his bottom, and broke several more plates and splattering food which hit the back of my guests feet. My one guest was also hit on the backs of her legs with pieces of the broken plates (we picked up three large pieces of broken plate before leaving). Staff came over and apologized even though this was not their place, where was the owner or Manager? The young gentleman who fell apologized to us even though he should have been sent immediately to the urgent care since I'm sure he must have hurt something in the fall and he did admit that his elbow was quite sore, but he had work to finish.
4	We had a large and very excited party (with reservations) and the entire experience could not have been nicer! The servers explained things (to us easterners) several times and were superior with special orders and a few substitutions. No water glass was ever unfilled (we even spilled one and they were right on the spot to clean it up). We divided the check between two families and they were happy to do it - and they were accurate! The food was great (I had the chicken and creamed corn) and it was plenty to eat, well-seasoned and piping hot - not easy to do with that many people in the group. I'd recommend the restaurant to anyone - even though the resort it was in didn't look like it was doing too well.Even in the off-season, the restaurant was full and we ate fairly early (6:30). Tasty, reasonably priced for vactioners, and a lovely event.
3	Not bad food, absolutely superb patio but very, very spendy.  Expect to pay $100 for 2 people.  Service was a bit slow for a Sunday night.  I would go again.  I loved the burger, but the filet and the short ribs were very bland and unremarkable.
3	Great setting in Cave Creek with a good blend of desert (tan)+ golf course (green), inside and outside dining areas.A little pricey but we always leave satisfied.
2	We've been to their other restaurant several times so we thought we'd love this place.  The service was ok, although we did need to hunt down a server on a few occasions to fill our drinks.  The main dish of pork schnitzel was too greasy, I barely touched my plate.  The salsa appetizer was good, especially the indian fry bread. We'll probably give it another try since we are locals, but we liked Cartwright's so much better.
5	The perfect afternoon at Tonto is 2 prickly pear margaritas, the Three Sisters Salsa with a side of guac, and dessert. Their desserts are often-changing (sometimes, just made for that day) and awesome! We are usually the youngest people in the place. But, we are usually there on Friday afternoons or weeknights.When there for dinner, I get a burger and sweet potato tots. The margaritas are good...not weak like some of the local places. I am pretty happy after two. If you go on your birthday, tell them. You get this little box with a couple of handmade chocolates. TO DIE FOR! Also, follow them on facebook. They post pics of new dishes and dessserts a few times a week. Sometimes we change our plans based on these pics!
2	We live local and have been frequent diners  at the Tonto over last 3yrs. Unfortunately over the last 6 months the service and the quality of the food has been in a steady decline. I feel now is the time to share our concerns in hope that this will kick start an internal review by the managers/owners..Our last visit on 3/16 was also my wife's birthday, it was a informal early unplanned dinner having also been out for a celebration dinner the day before.The special was filet steak with bacon wrapped shrimp  which was the choice of the birthday girl.. The shrimp were very salty and the medium/well filet was as tough as old boots. As is customary with my wife she usually saves a little piece of filet for the favorite dog, in this case she had over 50% uneaten. Ahh I thought the dog in for a treat tonight - not so, not sure how it happened but we were discussing some of the old photos on the wall when our plates were whisked away by ones the table clearers, not even an offer of a " To Go" box.As I said it has been a steady decline - most unfortunate as the Tonto was the Cave Creek hidden gem, perhaps it now needs to remain hidden for the wrong reasons...
5	We eat here fairly often, and while I am not happy with some of the portion sizes/prices, it is still always a top-notch experience. The staff is attentive and knowledgeable and the gluten-free offerings are among the best anywhere. One of the best restaurants in the Valley.
3	Taken here for dinner earlier this month, April 2013. I'm from out of town.The service was good. The atmosphere is very nice, especially in the evening. It's a busy, lively place.We had several appetizers and a salad each. The seared tuna was pretty disappointing. It looked and tasted far more like sushi than what I expected from the description. The shrimp tacos were OK, nothing special. Hey, we were in the desert, can't expect seafood to be great, I guess. The fried bread and different salsa dips were good. All in all, pretty adequate, just not much more than that. With drinks, appetizers, salads and soft drinks, our bill for 5 came out to $150.00. Not cheap for what we ate.I'd go again with a group, but would consider other local choices as well.
5	5 stars for perfect ambience, service, and affordable menu choices in addition to $$$$ menu choices. There is something for every palate and budget on this menu. We ordered a bottle of inexpensive $30 Chardonnay, a sushi roll, and 2 salads with 6 oz chicken. The salads were huge and delicious... We could have easily split 1 and made it a meal! The sushi roll was good but not off the charts, but worth a try.  The salads were approx $12 each... Amazing price for such stellar resort style surroundings!  We will be back! Next time will try the prickly pear margos!
4	I have come here several times since it is so close to my house.  During restaurant week, we decided to invite some friends to experience this place. This year it was $40 per person which is ok for the location.  We had not been here in a while.  The location is pretty nice and if the day is beautiful, you can enjoy dinner in their beautiful patio.  To start I had the beet salad and my hubby had the crab cakes, those were delicious, I wish I had chosen that.  I love beets, but my salad was not as great as I have had before.  For our entree I had the salmon and the hubby had the filet, those two dishes were amazing.  On the other hand, the desserts were underwhelming.  I prefer the dessert from the regular menu, specially the sticky caramel meringue terrine, yum.  If you go for lunch or dinner, the hamburgers and salads are HUGE.  An how can I forget my guilty pleasure, the bread basket has little corn bread muffins, those are the bomb, I could eat a dozen.  No wonder my pants are a little tighter now.
4	My wife and I have always been happy with the food and service.  We have happily spent many a special occasion here.  We will continue to go back.
5	Fantastic location for a nice dinner and a great place to host an event. The food is awesome and the atmosphere of the restaurant is darling. It's a great place to bring out-of-towners for a good meal with some Southwest flair.We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here and reserved the Cocktail Patio. Admittedly, it was hard at times working with John who is the group events coordinator. However, the extra time and patience does pay off because our rehearsal dinner was a very fun evening in a beautiful area reserved for just our party with great food. The service was just okay, we had much better service when dining normally at the restaurant...must be because of that automatic 22% event gratuity! Some standout dishes:- Three Sister's Salsa & Trio of Hummus: They both come with the same AMAZING fry bread that is a must. I personally thought the salsas were on the bland side and much preferred the trio of hummus, which were more like thick brushettas as opposed to traditional hummus.-  Entree Salads, especially the Harvest Salad: These are the biggest salads I've ever seen! The Harvest Salad is exceptionally - tons of macrona almonds, fresh fruit, delicious cheese...a really refreshing and filling salad.- Vegetarian Gemelli Pesto Pasta: Delicious vegetarian entree! There are a good amount of vegetables bathed in a wonderfully creamy pesto sauce. It's a very satisfying dish.- Ancho Chilli- Rubbed Filet: My husband loves this dish. He says the flavors are amazing and the meat is cooked perfectly. I can attest that the side dishes it comes with are delicious.
5	Tonto Bar & Grill has been a place I have frequented many times.I have taken clients there, out of town visitors and my wife!The food is always excellent.And the view of the golf course is just breathtaking. But last week I decided on a whim to grab dinner there, as my family was away, and I was driving by.As I was on my own, I decided to sit at the bar.Wow! What a great evening. Met the barkeeper, Brittany, as well as another couple that was eating there. It felt like I was with family. Despite the fact that Brittany was serving us, as well as all the other waiters, she still found time to chat, and keep us amused. The fillet was, as to be expected, awesome! And the evening went by like a flash.I eat out a lot, as I travel all the time. I will be eating there more often in the future.
3	This is one of those places that gives you massive portions to allot for their somewhat higher pricing. However, overall I felt it was worth it.We dined on the patio outside, along the golf course, in the evening when it was cooler out. I had a salad, which I mistakenly did NOT order the half size! I was brought a regular full size which could definitely feed a small family. Haha. Very tasty and fresh, I really enjoyed it.Our server was a bit aloof. She just didn't seem to be there and maybe was a little stressed out or overwhelmed. Very sweet girl though.
4	Tonto Bar & Grill is always a great place to grab a drink and some appetizers after a round of golf.  It's also a great place for lunch and dinner.  I can't say I've ever had a bad meal or bad experience here.  I also can't say I've ever been "wowed" here either.  Overall, it's just a really great place to relax and have a few drinks or a great meal.
3	This was recommended while I was in the Phoenix area and it was a great choice for lunch.  The views (which are better from the outside patio but it was too hot for that) are nice and the food was above average.  I had the white shrimp tacos and they were well seasoned with great flavor.  The presentation was nice as it was an assemble your own on your own plate.  They could have easily enough called it a de-constructed taco. My collegue had the salad with scallops.  Two large scallops over greens, etc., and a Syria infused goat cheese.  Have to say the mauve color was rather off putting but the flavor was not.  Our third person had a burger which was just that but it did have sweet potato tator tots.  I would go back if I lived there.
4	Hi All,Since my review last march, I am pleased to say that the Tonto improved significantly. My wife and I  tend to frequent the facility every 7-10 days and the food quality has improved 100%. We have not had a disappointing meal and the service is excellent again...So.. all who read this I suggest you get down to the Tonto in Cave Creek, they are back as the Number 1 eatery in Cave Creek..WELL DONE
5	Wow. Great service. Clean space. Amazing views. Tonto meaning smart comes true to life at this restaurant. The food options are great paired with interesting ingredient combinations. A must go to if you're in the Cave Creek, AZ area.
4	I live in Desert Hills and I always forget about this place.  Thanks to Restaurant Week, we went there again and it was delicious.  We were starting to suspect the bartender had some sort of time travel machine because our drinks arrived nearly at the same moment we ordered them.  Our meals were tasty and the service was great.  Beautiful setting.
4	The harvest salad was great.  Went here for lunch with my husband and mother-in-law (sans child) and had a really wonderful lunch.  I had the heirloom gazpacho and it was fantastic :)  I tried it due to other Yelp reviews and it was definitely worth a try.  We had lunch on the patio, which was nicely shaded, and it was the first time in my life that I actually thought a golf course view was pleasant.  (I'm not into golf, so I generally don't care about golf courses).  Had a New Zealand wine with my salad - super.  I wouldn't recommend this establishment for small children, but it was a great get-away place to have lunch without your small child ;)
5	One of the best lunches ever!!  Started with a wonderful margarita - house made, none of that awful sweet and sour mix.  I had the grilled long stem artichokes with a local cheese, chorizo fondue.  Absolutely delicious.  Great bread as well. My sweetie has the blt with fried green tomatoes.  Ate it all - which is unusual.  Came with great fries.  Our waiter, Martin, was great.  He couldn't get higher marks for service and graciousness.  Yumm!!!
3	After scoping out this place online I was pretty excited to try it out and impress some friends with the expansive Vegetarian and gluten-free menus I saw online. We didn't meet there until after dark - and dark it was. We were seated outside where luckily the heaters were going, but there were no lights to show off the golf course - which, I do get given conservation of many means, but it was a bit disappointing nonetheless. It was just dinner outside on a chilly night next to a dark abyss. I guess the key is to make a reservation or make sure you can wait around for an inside table. The waitress was friendly, almost a bit overly so but still very nice.The food was a disappointment for the non-vegetarians. My husband and I each had a burger expecting them to be amazing (they usually are at fancy golf courses) but no, we were both very let down and unimpressed. The veggies that our friends had looked tasty and seemingly more enjoyable. I'm certainly not out in Cave Creek often, and we made the trek from Surprise (visiting fam for Thanksgiving) to give our guests a good experience. I honestly wouldn't recommend this place based on my visit. I'm still bummed over it!
2	The food and service have seriously gone downhill at this restaurant, which used to be a favorite. The service was make-believe good--server circled solicitously, but our food arrived congealed and cold. The short ribs, which I've had here before, were small, fatty and greasy, covered with mystery gravy, and hideously overpriced for bad cafeteria-style food. Don't come here for the food.
4	Went to Tonto Bar and Grill the day before Thanksgiving to pick up our Thanksgiving to go order.  I'll talk about that later.  We decided to stay and order a couple of apps an drinks at the bar.  The beers were great.  Their chicken corn chowder was the best I've ever had.  The three sisters salsa and chips was good but not the best.  The guacamole was pretty delicious, I will say.  I look forward to going back.  We picked up their Thanksgiving to go for the next day and that was quite delicious.  Being from out of town, we didn't want to spend all of our time cooking for two people but we also didn't want to dress up and go out so we got dinner from them.  It was a great decision.  The food was delicious and was enough to have leftovers for the day after Thanksgiving.  Love this place and will definitely be back.
4	We had a delicious lunch here sitting outside on the patio which overlooks the golf course.  I had a special of beef stroganoff made from short ribs and crimini mushrooms that was excellent.  The house made bread was good.  Service was excellent.
5	Played the awesome golf course (shot 85) and had lunch outside on the patio. Everything was delicious and satisfying. The Tonto-ritas were refreshing and the white shrimp tacos to die for. The avocado crema served on the side was a perfect compliment to the ancho chili sauce on the shrimp n veggies. My wife and I visit this area once a year to spend time with family and I cannot wait to go back!
3	Tonto does a good job of infusing southwestern flair into the menu with prickly pear margaritas and Bison steaks.  I just get the feeling that sometimes one can go too far.  Salmon with bbq sauce?  My short ribs were nicely cooked but they were smothered in a sauce which sort of distracts from the flavor.  Other items were equally hit and miss.  The crab cakes are surprisingly good with a nice spicy slaw.
4	Tonto Bar & Grill continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the North Valley.  The food is consistently impressive.  I have had multiple items including the root beer braised short ribs and various seafood items.  None have disappointed.  They have a few beers to choose from and full bar.  The deserts menu changes seasonally and not being a big dessert guy, have to admit theirs are delicious.  I highly recommend sitting on the patio near sunset.  The patio is right on the golf course, but not close enough to get an errant ball.  I've been there about 5 times and every time I say we should go more often.
5	Have been for Lunch and Happy Hour and have not been dis appointed! Great lunch food and enough variation to make most people happy. And a great place to take out of town guests. You can sit right next to one of the golf course greens and watch some golfing. Happy hour food is not huge portions, but tasty too!!!
4	Had dinner on the patio and it was a beautiful setting with the golf course and mountains in the background. I had the NY strip for dinner, medium rare. It was cooked perfectly and tasted great. The rest of my group also loved their meals. The only minor flaw was that it was a busy night and the service was a little slow. Kind of nitpicking though as she was swamped and doing the best she could. Would definitely recommend .
4	The menu offers variety of dishes covering from Southwest, TexMex, All American,  etc.  Quite tasty on the items I have tried thus far and the service is good to excellent. Their veal liver was superb.Atmosphere is quite nice, if you are seating outdoor patio area as you get to see the golf course.
5	My friend and I discovered Tonto B & G while on a shopping excursion to Cave Creek.  Tonto reminds me of the La Quinta Resort in California except a lot cozier.  The retro Mexican/Arizona vibe is awesome and the menu was interesting.  The BLT sandwich was HUGE and the sweet potato tater tots were awesome.  The shrimp tacos were also tasty and a light way to enjoy lunch. Can't wait to return for an evening cocktail followed by dinner.
3	I was blown away with the Outstanding Atmosphere and service from Tonto Bar & Grill  in the Beautiful Cave Creek Area. I didn't know that this restaurant is actually part of a resort and is also easy to accidentally miss as you enter because the sign to the restaurant just blends in.It wasn't too hot yet so we decided to sit on the beautiful patio that's decorated with nice shrubs and overlooks the golf course.They started us off with Fresh Baked Complimentary Bread and Creamy soft Butter.They offer an all day menu and I noticed many people were ordering dinners at lunch time that looked pretty good. They also offer a long list of salads with maybe a half dozen different protein options and a few sandwiches.I tried the Shaved Romaine Salad with Salmon. ($15.50) It came out as a very large platter of LOTS of Romaine (more than ANYONE CAN EAT) Fried Brie some candied Almonds and fresh orange supremes. My salmon was nicely grilled, seasoned fully cooked and still juicy. I thought the salad overall did taste good but was a little boring for an expensive salad. I didn't ask about the salmon so I don't know for sure but it looked and tasted farm raised and isn't the kind I normally would eat. Don't get me wrong it still was good but really is part of the reason for my three star rating. My husband had a Sonoran Style Buffalo Sandwich. The chicken had a super crispy batter on it and was super moist inside. It came with tasty sauces and fresh made seasoned French Fries. It was good except for the tomatoes that were a little unripe and grainy.I did notice the condiments were spotless indicating a well trained wait staff.3.5 Stars
5	OMG. This place is a total hidden gem up in Cave Creek. I'll keep this short and sweet.1. sit outside near the golf course2. order the root beer braised short ribs3. order a burger4. if you're going with a large party get the salsa assortment for an appetizer.This is a perfect date place. It's quaint, has the ambience of Lon's for a fraction of the cost. IMO, their service is in the top 5 of all restaurants I've been to in Arizona. There's no way you can go wrong with Tonto Bar and Grill.
5	Epic food either fancy or simple.  Consistent year around which is tough in a seasonal resort town. We have never had a bad meal.  Great staff.
5	If we think about going to dinner in the area, this is always on the top of the list.  Service is usually pretty good (I'd give it 4 stars) but the food and the atmosphere is so great.  Love the walleye and still can't believe they have it here in the damn desert.  Best thing away from the Great Lakes!  The salads are unusual and dressings made from scratch.  The only complaint is there is always too much food so my husband and I have learned to share.  Well, that's not so tough.  Love sitting outside in the evening, yes, even in the heat, since there is a nice breeze when the sun goes behind the hills.  Only been here for dinner and a cocktail party but I understand they serve all day.
2	After avoiding this place for some time After bed experience about one year ago, decided to give thus place another chance and ...... If you like late 80's beginning 90's cooking with mediocre service you may like this place
3	I wish I could give this another star. This has always been one of my favorite restaurants. I love the ambiance and always bring out of town guests here.The other night we ordered the corn chowder, which I always thought was the best in the area. It was nothing like it had been for the last several years. We asked our server what happened...her reply was...well maybe tonight's chef made it differently!  What? People return to restaurants because of consistency.We were a bit disappointed....will go back, but not for a while.
4	Great food, superb service, wonderful menu.  My go to place for an elegant date night ... as Yelp says "Yay! I'm a fan."
2	I absolutely am in love with the steak with blue cheese butter, but the last time I went, well it frankly just sucked.  It was Father's Day, so I'm hoping it was because they were so busy... but I hope the next time I go I won't be disappointed.  Please DONT start sucking!!!  I've been bragging about you for everrrr!!!!!
5	Great ambience, especially on the patio, great waitress who has very attentive and nice. My girlfriend and I both had the salmon and it was damn good. Tons of flavors dancing around, from sweet to spicy (but not too spicy).  All around, a really great experience.
2	The food here used to be outstanding, not today...we both ordered the tonto burger $13.50 ea. I don't know where they are getting there beef from these days but it was horrible and the fries soggy!!Our waitress Cara did not" cara" a bit about service, had to wait at least 15 minutes for our bill! We would always bring out of town guests here for the food and views...won't be doing that anytime soon!!
5	We returned to Tonto Bar & Grill for our 2nd visit.  We are staying at the Rancho Manana Resort, so the restaurant is very convenient.  We ordered the grass fed beef burgers with fries.  They were cooked perfectly and the taste was awesome.  We try to stay with our organic and non GMO diets as much as possible and this was the perfect solution for us.  Can't wait to come back to Cave Creek and eat here again.
4	Took clients to dinner here, the service was excellent, we were seated immediately, my steak was juicy, tender and very tasty, seasoned perfectly. The Salmon that others had was reported very good, but maybe a touch too much glaze. We also had two deserts the Key-lime and Dark Chocolate cake, both were amazing and melted in your mouth. Portions were not huge but just right. It was a very good experience.
4	We sat outside on a beautiful evening which is always a good start to a dinner with friends. The drink list was adequate and the wines by the glass satisfactory. The calimari appetizer was excellent. The squash soup and corn chowder were wonderful. My wife really enjoyed her pasta. I was excited to see veal liver but the preparation disappointed me and the vegetables were not very flavorful. Service was excellent: good waitress with a trainee and a busboy who was attentive. This is a favorite of our friends. I m not sure it is great but we did have a good meal with good service.
5	Dinner was a great experience for all four of us.  I wish I had noted the name of the bartender, she was incredibly nice and very helpful before we sat for dinner.  The food was very well prepared.  We ordered the guacamole appetizer which comes with both corn and flour tortilla and fry bread and two three salsas, great presentation on that and all the food.  I wish the salsa had more heat, but that was just me.  My wife had the salmon, just about perfect, and I had the New York Strip which was a very flavorful but tender steak.  Based on other reviews, we sat outside and actually ended up a little cold, also very little to see because we were there quite late.  I'd like to come back and eat more at around twilight or during the day.
5	We had a late lunch here after a round of golf.  We had heard that the restaurant is superior and the dishes re interesting.  We were not disappointed.  The interior and exterior of the restaurant are so appealing in different ways.  Inside it is rustic with lots of wood; very warm and inviting.  The outside patio is on the golf course and is so pleasant. Its two tiered so everyone has a great view of what's happening on the course.  We both had corn chowder which was fantastic.  My husband had a Reuben on that he really enjoyed.  It was very large so he took half home.  The French fries are the kind that are very crunchy.  They must dust them with something.  I had a Caesar salad which was not to exciting but nothing really wrong with it.  The wait staff and hostess was friendly and efficient and the space was spotless.  We would definitely come back.
2	I guess our server needed us out in a hurry. I barely touched my salad before the entrees came. The drink orders weren't right, and there was a child just running and screaming in the bench seats. It all ruined a relaxing night I was looking forward to. The food was very good, though.
5	My husband and I came here for a date night.  The food was excellent, the drinks were good, and service was wonderful.  I loved the ambiance!  It was a little pricey, but worth it.  We sat next to the fireplace on a cold, rainy evening so our table was VERY romantic.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you're celebrating a birthday or anniversary!
4	This is one of our favorite restaurants in cave creek. The views from the patio are breathtaking even if you don't play golf. I can't even decide what I like best about the menu. Drinks, wine, appetizers, dessert and everything in between is consistently good. Even when we've had an unexpected problem with a dish they have always been quick to make things right. They have a pretty decent happy hour. It's a kid friendly resort but I've heard on other sites that you might want to leave your baby at home. That's ok with me because it's a fairly romantic place and I'd rather your kid not ruin my date night. Other than that, go there.
3	Try the 3 sisters app- great fry bread and salsas. Gluten free bread for an up charge and great tacos.
5	Both the food and the service were excellent. We initially requested a table in the sun but then changed our minds as it got quite hot quite fast. The staff graciously moved all of our drinks and appetizers to our new table without a fuss. The food was delicious - a little pricey but combined with the view, it was just right. The view is breathtaking. Beware of the margaritas. They are scrumptious and sneak up on you quite quickly!
5	Delicious burger (corn-fed) and Romaine Brie Salad - we split both, and it was a great meal, accompanied by sweet potato tots.
4	Overall very good but dinner with wine will set One back. That makes the overall rating at about three stars . Similar dinning experiences cost much Less. It is quite overpriced and My champagne was not chilled enough.
