5	nice people, professional service. they don't try and sell you things you don't need and they seem honest in their recommendations on future service.  i'll be going back for sure.
4	I used to have an Isuzu Trooper, and it gave me a few problems. A friend I worked with suggested I take it here, and I had on several occasions. I found their staff to be pretty fair, professional, and priced right... Not inexpensive or a bargain, but priced just right. They finished work on time, and I never had to take the car back to be re-fixed. I now have a Toyota Prius, so its been years since I've visited Whitey's! Let's keep it that way!
4	This is the only shop that my family uses. We are beyond pleased with the fast, professional and HONEST service. If you're looking for a mechanic in the East Valley, Salvo is the BEST!!!
5	Fight off the old ladies!Come in this place and show up early... no no they still will get to your car but if you want some coffee or a chance at a seat you better fend off the other happy customers that found this place way before you!Customer retention is something any business owner dreams of.. now as I try to sneak in the door I am rushed with loyal customers who are treating the day as if its black friday and this place has door busters !What the heck?? This place came well recommended by the body shop next to them.. but seriously? A little conversation  with customers later and I learn that they have been in business a really.. really long time and used to be a gas service station. Well.. these customers not only followed them here but have been coming back forever!I had an alignment done.. really fair price, done on time and overall just walked away towards my car  with a smile about it all. I do most of my own work on my trucks and as such friends are always asking for help because they are afraid of getting ripped off. Well now I have another great place to send them!I love the way they treat customers and their cars :)5 very well deserved stars I was going to say 4.. but I assume the old lady's would track me down to make me change it!
5	Whitey's has been around forever, and for good reason. This is the quintessential mom and pop quality auto repair shop you can count on. They have a very experienced staff, fair prices, and do the job right. I will drive the extra 15 miles to take my cars to Whitey's any day.
5	Found this place about 15 years ago.  You guessed right....a referral.  Been referring and using ever since.  This is a no nonsense - CUSTOMER SERVICE oriented family business.  The staff is the same since the original trip.  If you are looking for fair pricing, personal service and no "extra" suggested  upselling, this is a great place for you.  Wouldnt even think of taking my vehicles anywhere else.  Special thanks to this staff that goes out of their way for the little things too.
5	I am a bit biased since I think Scott, the owner, is a great guy, but besides that Whitey's Auto Repair is quick, has great service and extremely fair priced! You can be assured that you will not be taken for a ride, pun intended.My rear window regulator broke last Friday, so I stopped by on my way home from work. Kevin let me know that it was too late in the day to get the part I needed but to come in first thing Monday morning and they would have it fixed ASAP. I couldn't make it Monday, but came in at 10 AM on Tuesday and was out with a fixed window that rolls up (yay) by 10:38! I don't think I've ever been in and out of an auto place that quick ever!Definitely check them out next time you need some work done...you won't be disappointed.
5	This is the best place I have ever taken my car.  The mechanics are so knowledgable and fair.  I will be a customer here anytime I have car troubles.
5	I took my 4runner in for a general tune up and some preventative maintenance. They were extremely friendly. They took their time to explain my options in a way that made sense to me and the final bill was reasonable. They were courteous of my time, so I didn't have to wait around at all. Also, when I had some questions about something after the service, they were great. I was invited back to the shop where they listened to my concern and double checked that everything was okay...and it was. Thanks Whitey's!
5	I have no idea even where to start this review. Scott, on a weekend, sent a tow truck to my husband.He fixed our truck for a ridiculously low amount....and fast.He once told me how to fix my car over the phone and it worked!No charge.And recently he saved my ass when I was financially and emotionally strapped. He is THE MOST HONEST GUY in the business and I have sent countless clients and family members to him. They have all had the same experience. If you don't try Whiteys you are denying yourself the gift of Scott and his crew. You never have to question what he says is true..it is. I'm so grateful for his service, his friendship, his honesty and generosity.Words really escape me when I think of how fortunate I am  to have found him and his shop.
5	I've been into Whitey's Auto Repair twice recently, and both times they were extremely helpful and very fairly priced. The only downside is the place is often crowded, but I'm not surprised considering how good their customer service is.  As a single young woman, I often hate dealing with mechanics since I always feel like I'm about to get screwed, but I definitely didn't have to worry about that with these guys.  It was a great feeling, and I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	this is the best garage in all of scottsdale. no question! the mechanics are completely knowledgeable. whitey and his son scott are always on site. they are fair, inexpensive and the best. if you drive any kind of car, from a ford to a porsche, this should be your garage. go there now!!!
5	Prior to getting a new car, Whitey's and I were on the road to long term commitment.  Relationship bliss is not something one normally feels for their auto repair shop, but true nonetheless. The good ol' Altima decided it wouldn't drive faster than 5 mph and I used Yelp to find a reliable place to get er' towed in Old Town.  Thank you Yelp. Whitey's solved the problem (limp mode?) and got me in and out asap; without charging me an arm and leg for "diagnostic tests" or pressuring me about any of the other things you can make a convincing sell on for a car well over 100,000 miles.A few months later the Altima came up with a new problem involving the electrical system and the sound of my bank account draining, and again Whitey's delivered.  This time they even gave me a ride back to work when I got dropped off to inspect the damage.The problem happened again shortly, and they were cool with me just dropping it off and working it over, no charge, when they very easily could have rung me up again a la the shady mechanic ploy.Before it was time to replace the brakes I decided I'd had it with the car, sometimes no more car payment comes with other expenses that can add up, and I got my dream car instead. I can't say that I miss Whitey's but I am glad to know its there waiting for me.  It wasn't you... it was me.
5	This is the only auto repair place I've ever seen with 5 stars solid, and they totally deserve it.My boyfriend has a 1969 Pontiac Firebird that hasn't run in several years. After sinking lots of his own time into tinkering with it and $1000 to the awful Meineke down the street, he gave up... until my car's transmission went for good, and he decided to fix the Bird (yeah!) so I could drive it (yes, I am super lucky!)Whitey's diagnosed it as the carburetor dumping fuel (which is what Meineke charged $500 to replace.. hmmm...). Upon hearing the story of Meineke, Whitey's told him to order the part himself to avoid the markup and they'd put it in for just labor.  Awesome!We took it home, but it wasn't running quite right still, and then failed emissions. Back to the shop it went.Whitey's took it back, spent ALL WEEKEND on it doing various minor things. At one point, they called and said "We've done this, this and this, and it's still not quite right, so we're gonna keep it another day."   I was glad they were admitting they actually felt it to be not right and were determined to fix it, versus just handing it back again... but I was dreading the repair bill.We picked it up Tuesday. The bill? $7. That's right - SEVEN DOLLARS. They only charged him for a spark plug and oil filter. That is amazing to me - I was expecting several hundred dollars for their time.  The car runs beautifully now, and they were extremely pleasant the entire time. I'm taking my alleged defunct car to them for a second opinion next week. I HIGHLY recommend Whitey's!
5	This place is great! I found this place because of YELP... I set up an appointment and got my car in right away... Now I was a little worried about getting my oil changed because its never cheap.. they usually tell me I need to get my filters changed, things flushed, new breaks, new rotarydirters, etc! It alwasy cost be at least $700+! And it had been a while since I had my oil changed maybe about 5,000+ miles -- I've been slacking.... So I am waiting in the little waiting room and I see the mechanic come in and ask for me... All I am thinking is "Oh Shit!" this can't be good... The mechanic is going to sit me down and tell me everything that needs to be done... This is just terrible.... And it turned out to be the complete opposite! The mechanic was so nice! He said my car looked fine and that in the future I should look into getting things flushed but it wasn't necassary right now. GREAT NEWS! I loved that he was honest! My oil changed cost me about $37! Amazing! I will never go anywhere else for as long as I live in Scottsdale! Whitey's Auto Repair is the place for my little honda!
4	I definitely like this Place, but you HAVE to make an appointment to get in. Otherwise you will be waiting a couple of days.
5	Really friendly helpful guys. My car is at pepboys right now where the guys want to run some expensive tests. I called whiteys intending to bring it there because of the good reveiws. The front office guy was so helpful and explained everything, basically verifying Pepboys decision. I was happily surprised at the helpfulness and honesty.
5	For the past year and a half, I've had Whitey's service my car whenever something wasn't under the Infiniti warrantee.  And I'm nearly giddy that my warrantee is up, so that I can have only JP's eyes and hands on my precious car.Whitey's has fit me in whether I was calling the day before or two weeks prior.  This isn't for a lack of business (actually, the place nearly always seems super busy), but because they genuinely want to make their customers happy.I trust that I'm getting honest opinions, thorough work, and a fair price.  Each time, JP explains what work he did, what work will need to be performed in the near/distant future, and the pricing for it all so that I can be prepared for what I'll spend (and avoid finance-induced heart complications).Certainly I could go into greater detail about my various experiences at Whitey's, but there's no point when they've all be stellar.  Bottom line?  They're awesome in all the ways that matter, and even some that don't.
5	Finding an auto repair shop that you can trust not only in terms of service and repair quality but in terms of cost and pricing is quite daunting for all of us I think we can agree. I came across Whitey's thanks to twitter and asking around for any auto repair shop recommendations. I was able to ask some questions directly to the GM Scott via twitter, and he might indeed be the only auto guy you'll see tweeting and replying to you and he does so quickly and with a great sense of humor as well. He of course can't produce nor wouldn't try to repair your car over the internet, but he gave me a good idea of what I could expect and after checking out the many reviews on Yelp, I decided to bring in my car in for some repairs. I'm pretty diligent about getting several quotes from different dealers, and I'm not necessarily one to advocate for going for the lowest price but after calling some of the other reputable shops in the area I was convinced that Whitey's does indeed provide great value. I continue to recommend Whitey's to my friends who are hesitant when it comes to car repairs and finding an "honest" place. I'm sure you'll feel the same way when you bring your vehicle there. It's never pleasant to have to repair a car but at least I fell that I'm not being overcharged or dealing with inexperienced or pushy people.
5	Scott and his crew have been beyond helpful to me during the last 9 months that I have used them.  Whether it is helping me find the right battery for my truck or doing a bumper to bumper inspection of a used car I bought they have always been accommodating and able to fit me in whether it's a scheduled appointment or an emergency.Recently they were able to change out the 12v battery on my hybrid after I picked it up from next door and getting accident damage repaired.  During the course of the repair the battery died and they were able to get me in and help me change it out.  Normally I would do it myself but I was 7 months pregnant, recently in an accident, and couldn't lift the battery.  They even checked my check engine light for me but unfortunately it spit out some weird code even they couldn't figure out.All in all Whitey's has been around since before I was born and has continues to be at the top of their game.  I would highly recommend them to anyone in the area.  I don't mind driving from central Phoenix to have someone I trust work on my car.
5	We brought my girlfriends car to Whitey's this afternoon due to her back tire hanging off.  They agreed to evaluate the problem and give us a quote.  A few hours after drop-off they called and let us know her car was ready.  We arrived back to a bill of $21.  Apparently a bolt just fell off her rear drivers side tire.  They fixed it and we were on our way.We were both extremely impressed with the service, manners, honesty, and quality the guys provided us. All of which seem rare in their industry.   We will never take our cars to another establishment as long as we live in Arizona.  This is far and away better than all of the other car places we have been to since living in Arizona for 7 years.  I highly recommend them.  There is a good reason they have a 5 star rating.
2	4/11/132.50 stars...Visited for the first time today to have my hybrid car's oil changed.  As usual, car dealerships tend to be costlier than independent auto shops, but my last few visits to the dealership has left me very suspicious of how much I'm being charged and what services are actually being performed.  I decided to check Yelp for options and stumbled upon a review by a Yelper I met once, a long time ago during a vegetarian meetup (I think), and he suggested I look up a valley car care radio and TV personality Mark Salem's website.  On it, I found a few shops that can service both our Toyota hybrid models.  After a few emails with a couple of Scottsdale shops' managers, I decided to try Whitey's.  The other shop gave me a quote for a complete maintenance service ($$$) that was almost as much as what I'd pay at the dealership, whereas Whitey's general manager Scott Almhjell gave me the option of just getting an oil change, which includes an inspection that would then tell me if the car needed more work.  (Our hybrid models' oil only needs to be changed every 10K miles, instead of the standard car model's usual 5K req.)  I'm now wondering if I should've just gone with the other shop to get the full service, as I don't want to skimp now, and pay heavily later.I suppose I would've left a lot happier had the shop washed my car.  I wasn't EXPECTING that Whitey's would do so, but excellent customer service usually gets the customer to return.  I know that the dealership would've done so, but I also understand that the dealership has a Danny's Car Wash next door to it.  I very much appreciated that my contact at the shop, named Sean, had someone available (Alex) to drop me off at the restaurant of my choice, less than a mile away, so that I could have breakfast while the car was being worked on, and that I was able to enjoy a nice, long stroll around Civic Plaza before calling the shop so that I may get a ride back.  There certainly was ample time to wash the car, and this would certainly have created the warm buzz of positivity about taking my business here and would've guaranteed my return for another service, possibly one that would cost a couple of Benjamin Franklins and change, instead of the $35 plus tax that I was charged for today's oil change.I'm omitting an observation I made when I returned to my car after I'd paid for the service, because I don't want to seem too critical, and I was truly hoping I'd find myself able to trust this auto shop for both of our hybrids' care.  Probably not going to be a repeat customer.
5	I lived by Whitey's for most of my life and when I moved over to Ahwatukee 6 years ago I didn't think twice about the drive because when it comes to working on my car, I don't trust anyone else. From my 1971 Chevy truck to my current 2007 Toyota Mom Mobile, they have never let me down.
5	Since my Suburban has been out of warranty, I have tried to only go to Whitey's.  I now have 114,000 miles on it!  On the rare occurrence when I could not go there for a simple oil change, I would get bombarded with costly repair recommendations by the other shops.  So I would always take it back to Whiteys for a second opinion.  Every single time they explained to me why they thought those recommendations were a waste of money.  Sure enough, tens of thousands of miles later, my truck is still running perfectly.I have referred several friends to them as well and they all have the same story, Whiteys saved them hundreds compared to what other shops wanted to do.  What was fixed was fixed right and no unnecessary work was done.  Highly recommended in my book!
1	I called on Monday on the first of my 3 days off to see if I can get my oil pan gasket repaired like I'd been meaning to.  They said it would be about $250 and Wednesday morning would work if I'd drop it off in the morning when they open.  So I dropped it off at 715am and called around 2pm after I hadn't heard from them expecting my car to be done or close to done.  Turns out they hadn't even looked at my car yet.  Then they told me they had to fix the oil (?) sensor and wanted to do a blue dye diagnostic test.  I paid about 150 for that.After about 3k miles I went back and they told me what I had told them in the first place.  Its probably the oil pan gasket and its 250.  They also said it could be something else that cost 850.  I'd invested so much I decided to go for it.  Maybe they're just thorough right?So a week later I went out of town for a few days and came back and sure enough, oil is still leaking out of my car.  So it must be an $850 repair thing.However, I'm a bit annoyed that they try to make you schedule an appointment every time, but they don't have the same respect for your time.  After that first time, the next one I asked them how long it would take (a couple hours) so I scheduled to come in first thing (7am).  When I asked them if it would be done by noon they wouldn't even promise me that at first!  That's 5 hrs for something that takes 2hrs according to them.  So for that I don't think they're the auto repair shop for me.
5	Acura dealership told me I needed new rear brakes at my next oil change.  Whitey's said I have 30% left and no worries for awhile (10k miles after my visit to Acura who said I had 10% left).  Great to have an honest auto shop in my hood that can work on all types cars!
5	What a find! an autoshop that has outstanding work and customer service.  I've be to Whitey's twice now and have returned very pleased with the results each time.  They will continue to get my business.
5	This is the second time I have taken my Jeep to Whitey's and both times I have been very pleased. JP, the mechanic, always took the time to explain what was wrong and go over my options with me. After I had the options, I priced shopped them and found their rates to be very reasonable. Although it may take a day or three to get an appointment, in my opinion, it is well worth the wait. When I drop my car off, I feel like I am in good hands and never have to worry about being ripped off. I would highly recommend Whitey's to anyone!
5	After living in AZ for 4+ years and taking my car to countless shops, I was referred to Whitey's by a friend of mine. The past couple years I have been taking my car to the dealership due to trust and the reliability that it brings. After having my fuel pump housing being warped due to the weather and the dealership quoting me at $650, I decided to give Whitey's a shot.I have a 2001 Subaru and when I called I was connected to mechanic who talked with me about the replacement part. Was very professional and polite and offered to help in whatever way he can.When I took my car in i was greeted by Scott (the owner) who was awesome.My fuel pump housing was fixed for $550 with Subaru parts (bought directly from the dealership). My car runs great, they inspected it to let me know everything else in the car was looking in good shape.I couldn't recommend this shop enough. Solid mechanics, affordable, clean, and best of all great customer care.
5	I have been a customer since 1995 and I cannot imagine going to any other auto repair shop in the Valley!  The mechanics have kept three of my vehicles running.  Honest, professional, friendly.   That's Whitey's to me.
5	I usually get my oil changed at Sun Devil Auto, so when my car started acting funny, I knew there was no where else I would go. Took it in, and was told the price would be $750 for fixing leaks in my A/C and replacing my rear wheel cylinder, drum and brake pads. The A/C was necessary so I had them just go ahead and fix that for about $200. Meanwhile, I had my car checked out at Whitey's for a second opinion. Not only do I not need to replace the cylinder or drum, my brake pads still have about 1500 miles on them. I told them to just go ahead and change those, but I need to know the cost. With labor and parts, only $150. Sun Devil was going to charge me $520 for a less than $200 job. SERIOUSLY?!The guys at Whitey's are professional and reliable. Within 20 minutes  of dropping my car off, they had a report and cost for me. They are fantastic guys who get the job done right!
5	I have used the folks for many years for everything from minor tune ups to a total Jasper engine (the only engine they install) replacement.  I have never been anything but completely satisfied with the end result.  They take their time to explain the problem and options.  I would never even consider taking my SUV's to any other auto repair shop.  They are not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.  As others have suggested call and make an appointment as their happy customers always come back and each year they have a new raft of happy clients.
5	After getting a full 'tune up' from the dealership last year (Chapman), I was told I probably had a year left on my brakes.  I noticed the front brakes squeaking a bit, and a lot of brake dust on the wheels, so I made an appointment here at Whitey's for new brakes.  After dropping it off and walking over to Denny's for breakfast, I got a call telling me that the brakes were good, just dirty.  So they just cleaned them up and gave me an oil change as well.  Less than $60.  I thought I was gonna spend about $250 that day.  Saved about $190.  That's good stuff! I'll take my car, and my wife's car to Whitey's from now on.
5	I called today to set an appointment for an oil change and they told me if I came now they could service my car. So I went and got an oil change, went pretty quickly, and staff was cool. I told them I was traveling soon so asked if they could check the rest of the car out. When my bill came I asked if everything checked out okay and I just kinda got a grunt of acknowledgement, so I assume good to go.
5	I brought in my car that was having brake issues and told the techs that I had issues with all four brakes. After thoroughly checking out my car they let me know that there was only an issue with two brakes. They could have easily charged me for a service I didn't need, but they didn't. This place has been there for decades and it's because of honesty and integrity like this.
5	These guys are awesome. From the front desk to the mechanic you're assigned (and who will work on your car each time you visit) it was one of the most pleasant experiences I've ever had at a auto shop. I decided to sit down and just wait for my routine engine oil filter change and at one point got a bit thirsty, I asked and Patrick, behind the desk ran and got me a water bottle! Likewise when it was all done I met Terrance, the mechanic assigned to my car and he told me everything he went over and helped me find a place to fix my alignment and balance my tires. I will be a customer here until I move!
5	Amazing, very trustworthy. Helped me out with some minor problems and forwarded me to another shop to help with tiers.
5	It is truly refreshing to see a smaller shop constantly be so busy. Every time I have taken my or my wife's car to whiteys we are always met with a sincere hello and the service on the cars is impeccable ! I had taken my VW to the dealership and they totally took advantage and misdiagnosed what was really wrong! However, whiteys fixed the issue that was not even close to what the dealership was saying was wrong in a matter of hours! I recently took my Honda on due to the window mechanism breaking and I was able to drop it off and the same day it was fixed!
5	I highly recommend this shop. I had my brakes replaced by Mark and they still squeaked a little bit after I had them changed. I called the shop and Mark had me bring my car back in. He redid did my brakes and they sound amazing now (and by amazing I mean silent)! Go see them if you have any car issues!
5	Another yelp success story... Spent a silly amount of time trying to figure out "my" new car shop.  Yelp to the rescue!I emailed Whitey's through their website and got a reply within the half hour - wow.  Back and forth, Scott answered a few questions and confirmed they could fit me in for a brake job the next AM and yes, they could also drop me off at work.Scott had provided a quote sight-unseen, and when they called me after checking my car out and before performing the work, it turned out the job was $15 under quote.  1) That's never happened in the history of car services for women and 2) what a happy surprise!They finished the work and again called me, and we decided I'd give them a buzz at 5 and have them pick me up.  Cheerily the same dude who dropped me off in the AM came and grabbed me, and my car was ready to go when we got back.  I was offered a bottle of water, my bill was ready, and I was professionally but cordially addressed by name.No kidding, 5 stars.PS It's so nice to drive a SILENT car and not the embarrassingly squeaky one! :)
5	I took my car in to have the brake pads replaced.  They checked them out and stated that they didn't need to be replaced as the thickness of the pads were still adequate.  In their inspection, they did find a leaking water pump that I had them fix to prevent a major problem later on for what I considered to be a reasonable price. I recently moved to Chandler,AZ from central KS and was looking for a good car repair shop and I found it.  Every person that I visited with at the shop was friendly and helpful.  If your car needs repair, this is definitely the place to go!
5	The best repair shop in the world! I've had Whitey's work on my Jeep twice and both times I was super satisfied with the results. They have amazing and friendly staff, the work is always done in a timely manner, but the most important thing is that they are HONEST and you can trust them to do everything with the utmost integrity! Love Whitey's!
5	Love these guys. I've never used the word love about mechanics, trust. These guys are honest, fast, personable, and consummate professionals. And maybe better than all of that, they are consistent! Would recommend them to my grandmother.
5	AMAZING. My roommate tipped me off about this honest, affordable auto shop. I brought my car in for an oil leak and cannot thank the amazing staff enough. They were so helpful and completely honest about how easy and cheap the fix was, as well as what was really necessary to repair. I will never go anywhere else!!
5	Here I am again, relying on Yelp to help me pick a good mechanic, and it has not let me down. I contacted Scott at Whitey's Auto Repair after reading the reviews. We emailed back and forth on what was wrong with my F150 pickup and I found out in the process that he and his father were fellow military veterans, that the business was family owned with three generations still working there, and that their longest working employee, Mark, had been there 30 years. I told him that I was on a very tight budget, and he said for me to bring it in, they would look at it, and then let me know what the cost would be...nothing ventured nothing gained. I drove it in today at the appointed time, they took it for a drive to see if it would make the same noise, then gave me the price it would be for the part and the labor. It was a very fair price, within my budget, and they said that if the part did not fix it, they would remove it and keep working until they found the issue, without charging me for diagnostic errors. No worries...their diagnoses was spot on, and within an hour I was back on the road. I trust this garage, I like that they back their work and don't try to jack up the price once it is on the lift, and that their hot coffee and pleasant conversation paved the way to a great customer service experience. Thanks to Scott, his son, Master Mechanic Mark and Shane for all of your help. I will be back again.
5	Well my first experience couldn't have been better. One of the flaps in my wheel-well got knocked loose. Whitey's handled it in no time... I'm not even sure i was waiting for 10 minutes. I tried to go back in to pay and he told me there was no charge. Here's hoping they maintain the 5-star rating when i go back for real service.
5	I love this place! the worst thing in the world is being a woman going into an auto repair shop. Even if you know about cars (i know a little but not a lot) most places will always take advantage of you and try to sell you things you don't need . Whitey's is not like that at all! they are one of the best auto shops i've ever dealt with in my life. even today i brought my car in because the brakes started to make a squealing noise, which led me to believe i needed to get my brakes replaced. I got a call from the shop from Mark (one of the most amazing mechanics EVER) who tells me that he checked my brakes, and as i was preparing myself for bad news, he tells me that they still have a lot of life in them, and part of the reason why i hear the squealing might be due to the humidity that we've experienced lately.so when i had already expected to dig into my savings to pay for new breaks it was nice to know that my car was tip top, and my oil change went amazing with none of those 'oh you need this done' speeches that most places would give me. This place is amazing and would recommend it to ANYONE and EVERYONE. Best service, Amazing staff and all over great place!
5	When my car died recently, I had it towed to Whitey's Auto Repair. In spite of dire warnings from my previous mechanic about the low price in repairs I would need, Gary and Jim were able to spot the problem, explain it to me in terms I understood, allay my fears and fix the problems - all for a reasonable price. This garage is truly a find, a local business with talented, experienced mechanics and owners who care about their work and the community.
5	We were having cold stalling problems with our Honda Pilot. Took it to 2 places nearer to where we live but they couldn't diagnose and repair. Only thing left to do was take it to whiteys even though we now live 100 miles away. Well worth it. Mark diagnosed it and repaired it first try.  Others were going to start replacing parts and hope for the best.
5	Joining the chorus of happy customers!  Thank you to JP and the gang for keeping our cars on the road.
5	JP is the best! He fixed my brakes quickly and at a great price. I have found my new mechanic for all my car repairs!! Highly recommend them!!!
5	Great customer service in addition to the great work they do. The staff is great. I prefer scheduling an appointment, it's better for predictability. If you live or work nearby, they're the best auto mechanic place to go.
