4	So I stumbled into this Giant Eagle Market District on my way home from Trader Joe's.  (Note: The only grumble I have with TJ is lack of everyday essentials and I was suprised to learn that TJ doesn't stock dry beans).  So I am headstrong about making lentil soup that day and instead of going to Whole Foods (see past review).I have been to the South Hills GE Market District before.  I actually enjoy the experience of walking around HUGE stores that overwhelm me with variety and random things.  Thus is the experience of GE Market District.  You are in a full-service grocery store that caters to all income levels.  AND you get FUEL POINTS for wasabi-covered soy beans.  Fantastic!  They give you a map of the store, which is truly needed, because the variety and stock is endless.  The parking at the Shadyside GE is sort of hectic.  Making a left out of the parking lot is pretty difficult.  I enjoy these new Giant Eagle grocery-monopoly attempts.
2	The nicest full-range grocery I've ever seen.  With, well, a catch.  It's the flagship store for the Giant Eagle chain, and they're strongly competing against the Whole Foods and Trader Joe's, both less than a mile away.  They stock a large number of quirky items you normally would only see at specialty stores, and the produce section is amazing.  The employees in the produce section are also amazing, as many of them can spout off a recipe for any particular item they sell, with a story and a smile.That said, the traffic in and out of this place is pretty rough, and the prices on random items are much higher than you might expect, while the average price of items are actually pretty darn good.  Hummus is ridiculously expensive.  Juice is cheap.  Dunno.Every time we go here, we come out highly stressed, which sucks.  The parking lot, traffic, and lines all make for a bad time, so I shop elsewhere unless I really need something that other places don't stock.
3	This is my main place for groceries since it is super close to my house, so I've had a variety of experiences here.  I think the trick is to go on a Saturday when you have a lot of time and patience, or be prepared for some delays if you go after work.  I have a few gripes and a few praises, but its easiest if I list it out by category, so here it goes:Parking: Lot and parking garage (with elevator) - be prepared to fight over a spot on busy days, and wait a few minutes for an elevator if you go in the garage. Produce: Plentiful, and usually fresh and tasty, but prices are up there with whole foods - over $1 for an apple or a tomato, and almost $3 for an avocado.  Prepared Foods: Mediocre tasting, decent variety.  Good looking salad bar as well.Associates: Knowledgeable and helpfulSelf Checkout/ Self Scanning:  I use both frequently and run into an issue about every other time I use either.  General Products: I must agree with Barrientos M. review, because many times things I'm looking for are expired!  They have a large selection and it includes many specialty items, but in my opinion they are not organized very well.  Store Layout: There is a reason they give you a map, this place is very confusing and large.  The specials placed in the aisles are HORRIBLE, they create backups and clusters and I've seen 'cart to heel' accidents; this place is too crowed for the layout.
4	This is my #1 grocery store, one of the nicest I have ever been to, and I can walk from my apartment.  Has many of the organic specialty items as Whole Foods, but also has the cheap stuff to boot.  Be careful, though, produce and organic/natural items can be more pricey than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's.#1 rule:  bring loads of PATIENCE.  I am currently unemployed, and as such have visited this store at all hours on all days:  It is ALWAYS busy.  If you are driving, be mentally prepared not to find a spot in their parking lot or two levels of parking garage.  Aisles also seem a bit narrow, be prepared to get stuck behind slower people.
4	This was my primary store when I was in Pittsburgh back in 2006 and it does have a lot of selection.  Also, the juice/coffee bar, although expensive, isn't bad.  I ended up getting 1 of the better smoothies I've had in a long time there.As 1 of the other reviews state, you do need to have patience in this store because the parking lot is always busy and the garage is tight.  Also, the aisles are narrower than South Hills, so if you have someone looking at stuff for a long time, be prepared to wait also.  One can do much worse than this store.  I've been to plenty of other stores out of state such as Kroger and Albertsons, and Giant Eagle does a better job in my opinion.  You also can't beat the Fuelperks.
4	Dude, the other reviewers were NOT kidding about the parking.  I'm not a big fan of carrying orange juice up hills in the rain, but I think it would be worth it to not have to attempt to park in that insane asylum known as the giant eagle parking lot.Giant eagle pita chips lose to Trader Joe's.  They got groceries though, lots of groceries!  I like being able to buy marketplace hummus dip AND toilet paper.  This place might beat out trader joe's for me for regular grocery trips, when I have to buy like, lettuce, and shampoo.
4	one of these things is not like the others,one of these things just doesn't belong,can you tell me which giant eagle is not like the othersbefore I finish my song?did you guess which giant eagle is not like the others?did you guess with all your might?If you guessed that this giant eagle is not like the others,you know what... you're right________________________ok, i'm done reverting back to my childhood now (thanks cookie monster).  honestly, i was nervous to go here after two horrible experiences at other giant eagles in the area.  they were dumps.  but, this one, the giant eagle market district is a breed apart. fresh, local, organic, freshly baked goodness everywhere you look.  the store is huge, the staff helpful, and the food is fresh.  my only complaint... the parking.
1	Drama, Drama, and More Drama.This review is for the event planning/wedding cake departments only.  I actually like the rest of the store.We had previously arranged for an appointment to talk with the cake department, but when we arrived, we were told that the cake decorator had left for the day without plans to return.   We were then shuttled to talk with the event planning department about cake pricing options.   The event planner was cold, and odd, and definitely not in a good mood.  (For brevity and to protect her anonymity, I'll call her stormy.)Stormy then gave us a wedding cake catalog with decorating ideas and pricing.  This is a bit of an overstatement, actually, since they make it intentionally difficult to figure out the price, hiding charges in five or six components and not being clear about any of them.I went to ask for help from stormy, but imagine my surprise when I found she was busy frantically scribbling a letter to Giant Eagle H.R. about how she absolutely can't get along with another person in her department and how they were always cold and frosty with each other and storming in and out of workplaces when they were around each other.  I didn't see the whole letter, but that was the gist of it.  As I was trying to ask a question, stormy excused herself and said she "had to get something for us."   She took the hand written letter away and came back a good while later, having delivered her letter but not with anything to help us with our search.Eventually, a replacement cake decorator came to our table with samples (good cake, by the way.)  The replacement decorator apologized for the "drama in the department," which I appreciated.  We asked her to help us decipher the pricing, and she gave us some quotes, but then stormy said those quotes were no good, and she would have to look them up in her book.  And then stormy herself became confused and couldn't figure out how much a particular cake would be, since they seem to have recently instituted a more expensive pricing structure.Between the two employees, they weren't sure if filling was extra or not, and if it was extra, much it would cost.  Same with whether the cake structure could be modified, and if so, how much that would cost.  They weren't sure how many servings were in a particular cake, (which seems to have changed recently) and thus, how much it would actually cost.  But the general gist is that the cakes are overpriced and about 40% more than local bakeries.   The sad thing is that we really liked the cake there, and we would have liked to buy it from Giant Eagle.  But considering the ordering drama, we couldn't trust them to deliver a good wedding cake, so we ordered somewhere else.
5	What's with the bitter reviews? I live in San Francisco, and even I miss Market District! It's one of the best grocery stores I've ever seen in a proper city. Folks from upstate NY like to boast about Wegmans, but you only get 6+ prepared food buffets if you have nearly infinite floor space. Giant Eagle: Market District makes great use of their limited space. My favorite things:-charmingly confusing store layout-happiest store employee I've EVER met -- the guy who hands out cookie samples is so enthusiastic-polite cashiers-walk-in cheese closetTransportation is easy for CMU students (B shuttle stops here). It's also on several major bus lines because it's on Centre Ave. Unfortunately, parking is the worst ever. Turning left out of the parking area is a nightmare and takes upwards of 3-4 minutes. Trying to turn left onto Centre during rush hour? Forget it. No matter where you're going, just turn right and resign yourself to driving really far out of your way.
1	The parking lot is a clusterfuck.The entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk. They usually have everything except what I am looking for and/or I just can't find it because it is not placed with similar things. Like when I went looking for organic hot cocoa mix...a week later I found it, not with the other hot cocoa mixes, but very randomly on it's own display at the end of the Asian foods isle. Gnocci? Not with the frozen Italian things, but with the other frozen Italian things...And then when I finally find that one item that I desperately wanted enough to look for it here, I face the crazy check out lines where one has plenty of time to analyze a disturbing cross-section of consumer society, at which point I often re-think my desire for the superfluous item in hand, set it down and swear to never return to this store again.
4	As a new resident of Oakland, this Giant Eagle was a natural spot to choose for my first grocery shopping experiences in the 'Burgh.  Coming from Central PA, I have a soft spot in my heart for Wegmans.  It's the best grocery store I know, and I'm a little sad that they haven't worked their way into Pittsburgh. I know Giant Eagle well from growing up in Erie and having lots of family in Pittsburgh, though.That being said, the Giant Eagle Market District on Centre is A-OK.  While it feels a bit cramped (aisles are a little narrow) and I could see parking being an issue on a busy afternoon, I have had two pretty good experiences picking up essentials.  For a grocery store on a pretty small geographic footprint, there is a lot of selection.  In addition to the organic and whole-food options that other reviewers have mentioned, there is also the usual choices of Giant Eagle brand products.  It's a store where you can get exotic, boutique items . . . but you can also pick up the usual suspects.  I'm sure they are keeping an eye on the Whole Foods a few blocks away and striving to be more accessible and affordable, while also drawing customers with more upscale tastes.Staff members at this Giant Eagle really set the place apart.  I had two good interactions with employees today (one in the meat department, and one in the grocery area).  I've seen plenty of smiling faces and people being eager to help shoppers find things.  These are the touches that bumped this up to a 4-star review.
4	I'm not a resident of Pittsburgh, and I've only been here once, but this place replaced Wegman's in my heart shortly after I walked in.I came here on a hungover Sunday morning, so seeing all of these delicious foods and having samples offered to me every few steps was heeeaaaven. They have tons of selection - a mix of specialty food and regular stuff you'd find at typical grocery stores. I spent way too much time deciding on tomato sauce because they had just about an entire side of an aisle dedicated to just that. I was really impressed by their bakery - I was salivating.Every sales associate I spoke to was friendly and patient (even when I asked where I could find bread crumbs... which were by the bread). When I asked one man where I could get non-organic eggplant, he personally walked me over to them, even though he was busy unpacking boxes.Their produce was fresh and their organic stuff had 'organic' stickers all over them so you couldn't cheat/get cheated (now why doesn't anyone around here do that?). As a cheese lover, I was glad to see the entire corner of the store where they sell their specialty cheeses. The only thing I can complain about is the some of the other customers. Some were rude and most had snarls on their faces, which I can't understand because the people who worked there were so friendly.
3	The last time i was in Pgh Giant Eagle Market District  was known as the  Food Gallery.. Giant eagle market district is located at the corner of Negley and Centre ave. The outside parking lot is usually full. However you'll be able to find  additional parking in the garage located on the Claybourne side of the store.  I was pleased with the store from an aesthetic stand point. The market district is  a step above the non market district Giant Eagles. This location offers a larger selection of  ethnic , organic foods. The employees are  little nicer but customer service is just ok. Not good or bad but ok. If you don't have a customer loyalty card you won't be able to take advantage of savings. Competitors also have loyalty cards but price markup appears to slightly more than what I would have payed at a comparable store.  However I'd consider shopping here for speciality items or for convenience.
2	If they actually actually kept the store stocked, this would be a 4 star review.  However, I fight the traffic, parking lot, people with baskets, elevator, and rest of the customers to get to the bulk spices, Mexican section & produce only to find 100% of the things I need not stocked. So incredibly frustrating!  They do have a nice cheese section, bakery, prepared food section & juice bar.
4	Gotta say, this particular location of Giant Eagle (Market District) was the best Giant Eagle I've been to. Impressive selection of cheeses. Decent international section (although, Wegmans always surprises me! I'm talking mainly Asian stuff.)  Also was the place I became addicted to redbox DVDs.I always enjoyed the festive events they have going on once in a while. The one that I went to was in celebration of fall - they would decorate the store, even had some live musician near the doorway, give away samples of pie and cookies. Felt really nice to be welcomed into the store that way. The only bad thing I'd say about this Giant Eagle is the clusterfuck of a parking lot they have. It's right off of a fairly busy street right by an intersection. They do have a parking garage, but you still have to wait in a line to get there because you're waiting for other people to park/reverse out of their space in front of you.
2	Selection of specialty and regular items is quite good. BUT, the layout, checkout and parking lots are literally the worst clusterfuck I've seen outside of New Delhi. Not bad after hours but those hours are pretty narrow.
2	Ugh! Today is dark, dank, and dreary! I woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup. So out into the gloom I go! I shop here often so this review will probably be modified the next time I visit because I usually really like it here. Earlier in the week I stopped to pick up a salad and two vegetable panang curries. I like them for lunch when I work at the office. They are not the best ever but I like them because they are pretty spicy and fill me up. This time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies. I pretty much gagged when I attempted to lunch. Since today I was in need of hot foods I decided to take back these lunches. I don't know if anyone else returns things to grocery stores but $10 bucks is $10 bucks that would go towards my lunch today. Better they pay for the crappy food instead of letting it sit in my fridge while I watch it go bad with a grump face. I had my receipt and took it to customer service. The lady was not very nice about it and questioned " is that normally packaged like that?" to two other employees. The one guy said " looks like she ate it and spit back out" Seriously?! GROSS! Then she wanted me to go with her and talk to the hot foods department. I declined because I didn't want it!!  Plus I didn't feel great! What more to the story is there?  I won't ever get it again and the attitude towards me because I dared to return poor quality food was not needed.
3	Wow, this store has greatly improved since I've been gone.  In ten years, it's turned into quite a nice store.  The variety of merchandise is great, although coming from the Midwest, I need to adjust to the price of food being higher.  The cashiers have been pretty friendly as well.
4	I was scared to come into this Giant Eagle since the parking lot looked like a madhouse, but then I found an easy place to park in the garage, hopped in the giant elevator, and walked out the door and into a land of awesomeness.My foodie boyfriend and I run into a problem all the time - we use both specialty ingredients like unique meats, cheeses, and produce, Asian ingredients, things like that...and we also want Tide, Bounty paper towels, Cheerios, cheap Barilla pasta, that kind of thing.  And up until now, I hadn't found a place where you could get both.In that sense, this Giant Eagle Market district is the bomb.  The bomb!!!  They had a huge bakery section, a surprisingly unique produce section (Thai chiles!  Kohlrabi!  Purple cauliflower!  Taro!  Jicama!), a fun gourmet cheese area that carried some very hard to find things (ricotta salata cheese in particular, I remember), a cured meats area where I FINALLY found Spanish chorizo after months of hunting, a little olive oil station where you can some pretty decent olive oil in a Giant Eagle jar for $5.99 and you can taste them first with bread and cheese, a huge Italian section, a decent Mexican and Asian selection, a butcher with some good cuts of meat (who chopped up some lamb shoulder into stew meat for us), a fish market area, some bulk spices at a good price, and lots of other fun delights.AND they have all the normal, national brands.  How cool is that?The normal stuff is as expensive as it is at regular Giant Eagles, and the fancy stuff is more reminiscent of Whole Foods prices.  Still, there are some good deals.  We still try to do as much of our shopping as possible at Trader Joe's, but if there's any special thing I need after a TJ's run, I might check this place out!
5	to me this is my favorite grocery store in pittsburgh. plus shopping there gets ya discounts on fuel which helps alot nowadays. from flowers to fresh sushi it has it all. a good meat selection with a ton of variety in the case. olive bar. fresh fish .a ton of vegetables .huge selections of cheeses and prepared foods as well.not to many people there at night time makes it easier to shop quickly but also means all of the departments with cases are closed. free samples most days as well and a chef that cooks up something and has the recipe next to the food and you get to sample it.all and all i love this giant eagle!
1	ETA 2/23/12: Rather than shop here once a week for $25 (down from my 100-200 bill 5 years ago) I now shop exclusively Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and the new Target. There is never any reason to set foot in this Giant Eagle ever again.I've been a resident of Pittsburgh since 2006 and been shopping at Market District since it opened. Steadily over the past 5 years it has declined in quality. Here are some reasons why:-The staff and workers surly, unhelpful and downright arrogant. If I have trouble scanning a coupon in self-checkout (which they always manually input and is *always* the machine's fault) it takes me 5 minutes to fla a person down. They're chatting or BS'ing with each other and ignore me. Although there are 20 some checkout lanes, there are never more than a dozen checkout people. This is nonsense. I've shopped early in the morning, lunchtime, 3pm, 7pm and late at night and there is ALWAYS a line for checking out. The lone good employee is Jay, a kindly older man with white hair. Jay is competent and runs circles around others. Jay once loaned me his cell phone to call someone when my wallet and phone were stolen in the parking lot years ago.-The food is constantly, insanely rearranged. Why do stores rearrange food? So you get distracted and buy more stuff. This is a proven marketing strategy. However, it has gotten to the point in the last 6 months where they move things around SO often and at random that the employees can't keep up. I have to ask for help to find basic vegetables I buy every week (broccoli & cucumbers, for example). In the past 6 months half of the time the poor staffers themselves don't know. I blame Giant Eagle's moronic "middle management" types for abusing market research. -The food is rarely replenished. For awhile I would have to ask a stockperson to get whole wheat tortillas from the back EVERY WEEK and I don't shop on weekends when it's super busy. This went on for 3 weeks until I finally started buying Trader Joe's whole wheat tortillas - which are always in stock. This has happened for the milk I buy, the shredded cheese, cereals, canned goods, etc. -The selection is getting crappier while prices rise. More and more products are stocked that are low-brow and fewer new products are stocked (or current products kept in stock) that are more expensive. For example, the rows of Kraft mac n' cheese expand while organic Annie's mac 'n cheese decline. Giant Eagle Market District is serving a well off population. If people from Oakland and the Hill are coming in, build another store for them. I don't wish to shop at a store with more Shurfine products. I understand that food prices have gone up 10% this year HOWEVER I don't see prices increasing at other grocery stores.-The prices on frozen vegetables is insane. Whole Foods has their house brand of vegetables for $1.25-$1.50 whereas retail Birdseye at GE are $2-2.50. Prices on Hagen Dazs and other high end frozen goods are slightly cheaper or the same price at Whole Foods.-Overall I find the prices on fruits and fresh vegetables as well as frozen vegetables to be lower and more stable at Whole Foods. When canned goods like whole canned tomatoes or organic beans are on sale at Whole Foods, the deals are better than at GE. This was a place that in 2006 was known as "Whole Paycheck". I spend more and more at Whole Foods these days. Those mini babybel cheese rounds? $1 cheaper at Whole Foods. In short, instead of spending $100/week at Giant Eagle, I am minimizing my budget there as much as possible to $25/week. I shop mostly at Whole Foods and Trader Joe's now and even a bit at Target, which had 1.5 pounds of Wild Alaskan Salmon for $9 the other week. The farmer's market serves my need of fresh vegetables in the summer. Giant Eagle has really screwed itself lately. Their employees are surly and useless. I find the most helpful employees and clean, well stocked stores to be Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. As it is we spend nearly as much on food as we do on rent. We are a target demographic that is disgusted with Giant Eagle.As for the girl who says she has a "foodie boyfriend"? Please. If they required specialty ingredients they would be going to Whole Foods and the Strip District.Bad move, Giant Eagle. Bad move.
5	So I decided to go on a cooking and baking frenzy and this place had everything I needed in the recipes I had. I had to find these three different types of cheese to make my lasagna from scratch and the guy working at the cheese area was very helpful. He even helped me get a grated version of one of the cheeses since I didn't want to go through the hassle of grating the block of cheese. The worker at the seafood counter was also nice and friendly. I could literally spend hours here if I could due to all the variety of food selection they have here. I definitely will be back for the huge variety of pickles they sell in their barrels! This place reminds me of a Whole Foods, Trader Joes, and your typical grocery market all combined in one. I even love how they have a wine vending machine in the front!
1	Store has a lot to choose from, but we have had HORRIBLE service from the bakery.  Went into the store three times to order our wedding cake, left my contact info only to have no one call back - I finally get someone who can talk with me about a cake at 9am on a Sunday morning, and now they can't do it on a week's notice.  I called the Giant Eagle Marketplace in Robinson, they said no problem, come into the store, we'll have someone to meet you, we'll figure something out.I guess the snotty people in the Shadyside store just don't need my business.
2	I guess you pay for what you get...and in this case you get "The Market District" marque.  I don't have much time to write a full review so I'll just post one experience:  I went to this store to purchased smoked turkey necks and/or wings to make soup.  the small package was 11.00 dollars.  I don't remember the poundage, but I remember it was enough meat to make a pot of soup.I went to the Giant Eagle that was RIGHT DOWN THE STREET, and a similar package of smoked turkey was 3 bux.:-/
4	Given the other expensive or underwhelming grocery stores in the city, I'm pretty pleased with this Giant Eagle. It's huge, has lot of choices.You can find just about everything you want. They have pretty good 'ethnic' sections - Indian, Asian, Italian, etc. The meat section is pretty large. And while I don't often buy precooked/prepared foods, there's lots of TV dinner selections.Price? Yes you're paying a bit more. It's nice to be able to get some specialty items alongside the normal stuff and one shouldn't be surprised to pay specialty prices at a big-box grocers like Giant Eagle. If you want lower prices on something like desi spices, tofu or meats, go to the specialty stores like Patel Brothers, Lotus or Wholey's. This is the premium you pay for (largely) one stop shopping.
4	I'm completely bewildered by the bad reviews I've read.  I am new to Pittsburgh and until recently I always shopped at Dorothy Lane Market, rated the best gourmet grocery store in the country last year. I am impressed with Giant Eagle and some of the items they carry--Jeni's Ice Cream, Talenti Gelato, Montgomery Inn barbecue sauce and great fresh fried chicken.  There are strange items missing though...white corn, brining kits, chicken cloth, thick cut peppered bacon, fresh calves liver, tulips, anchovy stuffed peppers at the antipasto bar, store made salad dressings, pico de gallo for instance.  And in spite of having a HUGE kosher section they do not carry Empire brand frozen chicken fat (schmaltz). Back home if you asked for something they would order it for you.  My only negative experience at Giant Eagle  was with the Kosher deli associate who wasn't at all helpful along these lines. Everyone else has been great! Including the store security guard who helped me find things my first time in the store.
2	Always busy!  Selection of veggies are ok.  Selection of fruit is a little below average.  Otherwise it has everything you'd expect from a chain grocery store.Main complaint with this location is that the organization of aisles and products are not logical.  You often see items in multiple locations because the layout of the store was clearly not thought out.
4	On first arrival one might think, "OH MY GOD! Where am I going to park? There is so little parking!" No need to worry, there is a double-tiered garage positioned directly below the supermarket and I have always been able to find a safe and convenient space. On entering the actual supermarket, it is easy to see that the interior has recently been renovated and upgraded so that it might hold the subtitle of "Market District." I really like the Market District versions of Giant Eagle since they carry SO MUCH more of what I like to purchase. None of them have as wide a variety as the Robinson store, but I can deal with that due to the proximity. I love the fact that I can get all of my Goya products here as well as a wide variety of gluten-free items.The fruits and vegetables are always really nice and last quite a bit longer than other stores in the area. And while I wish they had a wider variety of cheeses, I am happy with what I am able to find. This is a store worth returning to on a continual basis.
2	This used to be my "go to" place for groceries.  However, lately I'm becoming more and more frustrated by the store.  If you go between 4pm and 6pm on a weekday or at any time on Saturday or Sunday, be prepared to navigate a mess of a parking lot, an over crowded store, and a 20 minute wait in a checkout lane. On a Sunday, it's impossible to find parking even though there is outdoor parking as well as a 2 story garage.  Once you get in the store, you have to navigate through an obstacle course of a produce section and around overwhelmed first-timers who are trying to figure out where everything is.  It's entirely too small for a place that markets itself towards the "fresh foods" end of things (as opposed to a regular Giant Eagle).  Then you have to figure out where everything is in the aisles.  I get the impression that things were just randomly arranged around the store.  Once you actually have your groceries, the waiting begins.  And waiting....and waiting...and more waiting.  I don't know what the deal is and why the cashiers are so ridiculously slooooooow.Of course, I'll go back because I like me some fuel perks and it's just convenient, but from now on, I'm going to try to go only on weeknights and do the self-checkout!
3	This location is a Market District, so it's going to have nearly everything you could imagine. That's obviously a big plus! Unfortunately, it feels like Giant Eagle tried to cram the newer Robinson Market District's inventory into this much smaller store. It's jam-packed with product...which effectively means that it's also jam-packed with people. Pulling into the parking lot can be a pain, and parking itself can be a chore in their tight lot. Once inside, dodging the masses of confused, aimless shoppers feels like you're in an episode of The Walking Dead and no one has detected you yet...because you're acting just like them. It's a disorganized mess of a store, which leaves people zig-zagging, backtracking, and simply getting in each other's way.If you go late at night...and I'm talking an hour before closing...it's a great experience. Otherwise, it's simply too crowded and unorganized to enjoy. I only go during peak hours if it's absolutely necessary, and even then, I still would recommend the Strip District over the Market District. If you're going to deal with insane crowds of aimless wanderers, you might as well save some money and support the smaller shops.
2	Some people go crazy over this location, me, I just go crazy because of this location.I hate it, from the congestion in the parking lot to the congestion in every single aisle inside the store.  People are correct that this place has a larger selection of products, but forget your conventional set up for a grocery store.  You would think with this being a Market District.  It would be an easy endeavor.This location is a place that I would visit for only one thing, definitely not a place I would regularly stop at, unless I lived within walking distance.
2	If you live in the city of Pittsburgh and don't want to drive to Wal-Mart, Giant Eagle - otherwise known as "the Dirty Bird" or "Gian' Iggle" if your accent's just right, is where you will shop. Period, end of discussion. Generally, I think monopolies are very bad, and this goes double for grocers because they know their customers are held hostage and can thus attempt whatever fuckery they'd like. Over the past decade, most other Giant Eagle locations in Pittsburgh's East End were shuttered, meaning that the Negley/Centre store serves everyone. Perhaps my biggest gripe with "Market District" is that our bills at this Giant Eagle were consistently 15-18% higher than our bills at any other grocery store, in any city I've shopped in - and that's WITH the coupons and Advantage Card "discount" added on. I guess in the end, calling something a Market District Giant Eagle is a clever way of telling customers "We stock all the same crap you'd find at a regular store, but now we can charge you even MORE for pretending it's premium, organic, or has been blessed by Emeril Lagasse." You also need to know that over-crowding is unavoidable at this store, unless you like to start your errands around 10 PM, and even then, it's helpful to remember that customers exceed checkout lanes. Good thing we lived within walking distance of this location, because parking at this store is only marginally easier than driving a caravan of elephants through Manhattan at rush hour. This store was never wanting for basic grocery staples when we shopped, but the "Market District" moniker somehow demanded that the aisles be set up to be as maximally non-sensical as possible. Do you want juice? Save your sanity, and don't expect it to be near the other juices...you'll want to look near the pasta, of course! To keep you on your toes, the store managers also randomly change the aisles at this Market District around a couple times a year. This is a common retail trick, intended to create "excitement" among customers, but really, all it does is make getting groceries as enticing as getting kicked in the balls. And who is stocking the produce at this place? Everything we bought would rot between 24-48 hours after we brought it home, and the peppers and tomatoes regularly looked like Mickey Rourke's face after his plastic surgery disasters.My last visit to this Market District store left me with an exceedingly sour taste in my mouth, thanks to some shady hijinks at the pharmacy. We picked up my husband's script for a Schedule II medication, and soon after, discovered to our mutual horror that the pharmacy had shorted us 12 pills. 1 or 2, maybe 3 - that's an innocent mistake. A 12 pill shortage on a 30-pill prescription means someone chose a career in pharmacy to feed an addiction or run a little hustle on the side, and it means my husband will be going without. We asked the manager, "Dude, what the fuck," and the response we got was, "We didn't do nuthin'!" Two weeks later, they had the nerve to Robo-Call my husband asking if he was interested in some "valuable grocery coupons." Nice attempt at a save there Bub, but next time, don't snatch our money and we won't need those "valuable" coupons after all. (Isn't it also fascinating that we've been shorted on scheduled meds at other pharmacies before, but no one pockets our migraine meds, antibiotics, or other items you can't sell to teenagers in an alley?)Two stars because the check-out staff is nice and the pasta/kosher deli selections rock. Otherwise, it's a grocery store, and a below-average one at that.
3	They have a diverse variety of ethnic foods and is at a convenient location near UPMC Shadyside, but the customer service line is ALWAYS LONG and the employees working at the customer service always go SUPER SLOW!!
3	It's a small Market District but has all the essentials.Some highlights include* Expanded bulk section - candy, nuts, rice, legumes, berries, granola, oils, pickles.* Hot bar food is pretty tasty.* Classes and demos* Never any rotting or oxidizing salad bar ingredients* On site Citizens Bank* Parking garage with elevator access* Multiple self checkouts
3	God, I hate you Market District.  Most times I come here, I have to restrain myself from screaming at the top of my lungs.  But.....ala Breakfast Club John and Claire, I also love you, and I hate myself for that.  Hence, my 3-star review.The Shadyside Market District is great in the sense that they have everything you need.  And then some.  Plus things you didn't even know you needed (buffalo flavored hummus for 6.99?  Sure!  Get in my belly.....I mean, cart).  But, whoa, it's totally over-priced.  As my mom would say "city prices".  And the parking lot is cut-throat; I recommend entering the parking garage on the Negley Side for a slightly-less congested time.Market District does make an effort to carry local products and produce, so gotta give them props for that. Note that only Advantage Card users can utilize the self-checkout, and you have to scan your card first before your food.
1	This is a customer service based review, The one star is for selections because this store has items other locations often do not. Disclaimor / Accountability check todays incident which I am writing this review on is partly my fault... the part where I got zero assistance from customer service is their fault. So I stopped here for ground lamb for an awesome stuffed mushroom recipe... I like to think I am speedy and smart when I need to be so I run through self-serve checkout. This is my third grocery store stop of the day. Warning!! for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags!!I accidently leave a bag in the self serve area but do not notice until I return home..... eek. It's ok though because I have my receipt, upon returning home in about 20 minutes I phone customer support. "Hello I left a bag in your self serve area I still have the receipt is there anything you can do?""Let me see if it was reported by our staff.""Ok it was ground lamb..." "Nothing was reported yet so there is nothing I can do unless its reported."I pause and think to myself.. really nothing.... even go check the area yourself to see if its still there?"Again I ask oh really is there nothing you can do?" While thinking to myself basic problem solving skills nothing fancy...."No I am sorry nothing we can do."Hmm well if that's it then I guess I will go to Whole Foods the next time I need something fancy and overpriced for a recipe. Who ever got my ground lamb or didn't enjoy it on me... I heard Whole CEO treats employees badly this is an ethical issue for me but sometimes you have to make a personal choice based on your experiences.
2	I want to like this location for a number of reasons: they have a chef on site doing cooking demonstrations and handing out samples. The staff is really nice when it's crowded. They're a Market District location, so they've got a good amount of prepared (or 'oven-ready') foods. It's close to my house.But going here is ALWAYS such a nightmare.The parking lot is miserable. There's a tiny lot area, and then an underground parking garage, but both are a pain to navigate and find a space in. I have never been here when there wasn't a long wait at the deli (and the deli order machine is always down, so you really have no choice but to wait in the line). The aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size. This store has a lot of potential, and it *is* the biggest GE in the immediate city area, but I always leave frazzled and anxious, so I'd rather just make the drive to the suburbs for my Giant Eagle shopping trip.
2	The GE is overly-large and over-priced. Yes, I have seen the food same item at other neighborhood GE's for less. For those of us who like to "shop the perimeter" of the grocery store (meaning where the real food lives), and for those of us who do not like their grocery store to feel like an airport, this store is not good. I realize I am in the minority, however. Most people want bigger, more, more expensive (if they notice). And they put up with a bad parking lot and long check out lines, too. Honestly, I prefer the (gasp) East Lib/ Shakespeare St. GE. I can always park right outside the door and have had no problems with the produce, the dairy items or the service.
5	My local grocery store.They just remodeled the cafe and dining area- looks beautiful and is spacious. They sell beer now. Also has a deli and cheese section. Gets crowded in the afternoons.
2	The produce here is always beaten to a pulp and expensive. We only get it here for convenience. The romaine is especially pitiful. We complained (finally) and received an apology and an offer for free cotton candy flavored grapes. We never did redeem our grape offer (as Snape would say, 'Pity',) and we haven't bought romaine here since we started getting the bulk of our groceries from Aldi for less. They have a large selection here and the generic brand goods are, well, good, but it's still pretty pricey. We head to Aldi first and get whatever's still on the list at GE, but we're getting less and less here. Overall thought on Giant Eagle: MEH.
4	First, Giant Eagle is convenient. It open early and closes late on a daily basis. I have yet to find another store that sells the same variation of food in a unitary complex. And despite its size, the supermarket is clean, and the employees are knowledgeable on the status and location of most items.Second, the prices for non-produce items are competitive if not better than nearby competing stores. The produce items tend to be more expensive, but, to be fair, nearly all if it is fresh.Third, Giant Eagle offers a brand guarantee and a return policy which assure customer satisfaction; that is, you can return items you are dissatisfied with. Obviously, this is a technical component that is rarely considered when food shopping or dining; however, it is nice to know that the company has a firm faith in the products it sells.
3	I definitely have a love-hate relationship with this place. If you don't live nearby, it's a huge PITA to get there and get inside. I am not a claustrophobic person, but the produce section is so tightly packed that I get anxious trying to get around it.Some of the staff are really great and helpful. I've always had a warm smile from the deli and bakery people. The other day I went into their beer section and asked the guy which cider he would recommend and he was incredibly helpful and friendly. The cashiers though...sheesh. Almost always rude.The selection is great, although it annoys me that their sales and prices are different than regular Giant Eagle for the same items. The new cafe is really nice, and the beer guy said they will be renovating the beer section to be even better as well.About 80% of the shoppers here are really irritating too. Once I witnessed a young woman go through one of the self-checkouts (the kind without a belt, intended for people with baskets or only a handful of items) with an ENTIRE CART FULL OF GROCERIES and she got really confused and flustered because there was nowhere to put all the bags of groceries she was buying other than back into her cart, which still contained MORE groceries. The whole place makes me want to throat punch people.I changed my mind...I have a MOSTLY hate relationship with this place.
2	The good: large selection. The bad: the crazy high prices, missing price labels, inconvenient location. It's come to the point that I avoid this place if I can. Aldi's is better for the basics and Pearl Market in the Strip district has better produce for 4x cheaper than this place.
3	I much prefer shopping at Trader Joes, but I like the selection at Market District.  They carry some products I don't easily find anywhere else.  Parking is tricky, the parking lot is usually crammed and it's hard to find a spot.  Prices could be a lot better.  I don't care for their produce, I think they could do a lot to improve their produce.
3	Let's be honest, the only reason I go here is because it's close to where I live, has great business hours and in most cases cheaper than whole foods.  With that being said, I want everyone to know I'm a big Giant Eagle supporter, and I love the Market District on Settler's Ridge in Pittsburgh, but this particular Market District is jam-packed and five sizes too small.  I feel like I'm always body to body and everything is so close together (not to mention there's not usually a rhyme or reason to why things are where they are). I love that the prices seem reasonably priced, and I have always had great experiences with their produce (and beer selection), but overall, it's just an uncomfortable environment to be in while grocery shopping.  I like to take my time and really evaluate everything, but instead, I just always feel rushed by other shoppers just waiting to run me over if I move too slowly.
2	I don't care for this Giant Eagle, and that is being kind. The only reason I ever go here is for a quick item or two. My ideas for grabbing something in a "quick" manner always end up being terrible because there is nothing quick about this place. The staff is generally unfriendly except for a few employees (2 or 3) who are always wonderful and helpful.No one seems to enjoy working here at all, and there are always soooo many lines because there are never more than three to four aisles open at any given time, even on weekends.Everything is overpriced, except they will occasionally have deals on soda and greek yogurt.
1	Another bad experience.  The staff is sloppy.  The deli doesn't mark the product and passes off whatever slimey old crap they're trying to get rid of as what you ordered.  And good luck parking.
3	I have to say along with others here that the only reason this was my grocery for years was that it was close and cheaper than a Whole Foods. However, a huge highlight for me is that it's open until midnight. This brings me to the major disadvantage of this Giant Eagle, in that's it's a MAD HOUSE every time I go here. Parking is a nightmare, getting into and out of the parking deck is painful, traffic in the aisles, and the waiting line to check out is typically awful. Therefore, I usually did all of my shopping at about 11 at night and I would go straight through (even though I had to get the bottom of the barrel with produce and other items). I have since moved over to ALDI's, which I assume is now stealing a bunch of business from Giant Eagle. One thing I do miss is picking up a Redbox movie right outside on my way out!
1	I got tired of waiting in line with one register open and 10 people in front of me. Won't be back.
4	You can speak to maurice about adding brewskis to the "make your own six ~pack" if one you want isn't there! ;)
4	I really like this place. Love the selection, they have a ton of Latin ingredients that I was shocked to find up North. Overall they have a good variety of ethnic foods, which is great. Their bakery permeates the entrance with the smell of fresh baked bread... love it and hate it at the same time, since I'm trying to stay off the carbs. I also like the fact that they sell beer!! yes beer!! After moving to the 'Burgh I realized that there are some wonky alcohol laws, so I was glad to see that this place actually sold beer!!  Not only that, they fill up growlers for a reasonable amount. One thing that I was not too thrilled with was their prices, especially for produce. I paid $2 for cilantro!! and not the organic kind either. Also depending on when you come in beware of people not familiar with pushing a shopping cart as well as loud, obnoxious patrons screaming to people in their party. Crazy..  Either was despite the crazy folks, and the prices, this is a solid place to get some beer ans a few grocery items so that you don't break the bank.
3	Oh, Shadyside Market District, why can't I quit you? Let me see, perhaps because I lack a car and you're the most conveniently located grocery store, a mere 2 mi. from my apartment and on the route of the 71A & C? No, let's be honest here: the real reason is because I'm too cheap to shop at the "whole paycheck," Trader Joe's is too inconvenient, and I'm unimpressed with the product quality and selection at Aldi and its ilk.On the positive side, this store is larger and fancier than the grocery store I grew up with, and the cheese and bulk foods sections are impressive (the latter includes a make-your-own trail mix bar!). They also have a lot of prepared foods, and though I don't often buy them, the quality of those I've tried has been high (esp. the fried chicken!). This store has a wide selection of groceries, ranging from the inexpensive (Valu Time) to the pricey (organic and natural foods), so, like Barnum's circus, there's something here for everyone.  On the weekends, store employees often hand out food samples, and there are sometimes cooking demos at the test kitchen near the seafood section.On the negative side, the employees working the checkout lines are often taciturn or surly, and the crowds in here on the weekends are a force to be reckoned with.  The aisles are narrow to the point of awkwardness when passing other shoppers. Product placement is unintuitive to the point that I often have to ask employees for assistance when locating an item I don't usually buy. Also, as others have mentioned, the produce--particularly the loose green vegetables--is often of questionable quality. Compared to Trader Joe's and Aldi et al., the prices are on the higher side, though they still look like a deal next to Whole Foods.Thankfully, because I don't have a car, I don't have to deal with the parking situation, which I'm reminded of when I come here in a car with a friend on occasion. However, I do have to schlep my groceries across the street and onto the bus, which is equally annoying. While I wouldn't call shopping here a pleasure, it's preferable to the alternatives, so they have my regular business--for now.  3.5 stars.
2	Shopping at this place is so frustrating you will want to throw knives when you leave.It's always packed, ALWAYS.  And forget about the self check out lines, which attract people who have never seen technology, cash registers, touch screens, money, conveyor belts, groceries bags, or food--like flies.  Seriously, people get up to them, and then just stand there, like the self check out is some great mystery.  The machine is all, "PLease move item to bagging area?"  and they're all, "What?  What do I do?  I don't know, so I'll stand here and stare for 20 minutes!"They have a wide selection of foods that you won't be able to get to bc I promise a fellow shopper will have their cart right in front of every single item you want.If you enjoy paying $10 for salad, I recommend the salad bar.  I've never passed on grape tomatoes bc they were 'too heavy" before, but that's my fault.  I once made an overly enthusiastic salad up and then it was $$$ and I was feeling $ that day.Okay, the guy at the cheese counter is awesome.  I once told him I needed to bring a cheese plate to a party and asked him to pick out the cheese for me, and it was like he had been waiting all his life for someone to ask him for help.  He did put together the most awesome cheese tray ever, and I learned all sorts of facts about Humboldt Fog.  Now every time I  walk past he comes out behind the counter and gives me a hug, and at Christmas he gave me a little tiny cheese cutter and then everyone aroudn me was like, "Wow, how much cheese does that woman buy?"  But seriously, talk to the cheese guy, he is awesome!Tip:  bring the veggie tray.  Dont bring the cheese  tray.  The cheese tray is $$$ and people only eat the gouda and the cheddar.They sell beer there now, which is good.  You'll need some after shopping.  The flower selection is also pretty good.There's an Aldi up the street and a Trader Joe's nearby.  Both are far less infuriating to shop at.
2	Items don't have price tags. That's the only reason why I gave them such a poor mark. I hope that caught their attention. I try to buy produce and a lot of times many of the items I seem to select have no price tags, price stickers, barcode, name of produce and per/lb info. none of that. It's not listed anywhere and when I ask an associate they themselves don't know. Now please don't try retraining them because your associates are very kind and generous this is a corporate issue. Same goes for milk, cold cuts and breakfast meat products. Eggs sometimes have poor labels placed in odd locations confusing the customer and forcing them to go on an Easter Egg hunt for the right price. They also have fake sales. Placing price tags that are actually higher then the week before and claiming 'you are saving'.It's close and convenient. Prices are a bit high. Associates are so kind. They are generous, considerate and very polite. I still like them. I'm there every week.
4	For those of you following my reviews in California and not aware of Pennsylvania's bizarre liquor laws, they essentially say you can only buy it from state run stores in 24 packs, or from bars to take out in 6 packs. And so, there are stores where you can only get beer (in 24 packs) and other stores where you can only get non beer liquor. However, some supermarkets do have bar/cafes where there's beer on tap (think of upscale beer bars in California) and you can get six packs, which is how we ended up here, although it has to be checked out separately from your groceries. The Whole Foods we went to in Wexford yesterday had something similar. In any case the supermarket was packed with Thanksgiving shoppers. This Giant Eagle seems more upscale than others, competing for foodie tastes and against the Whole Foods nearby. As for the beer? It's a pretty great selection - lots of East Coast stuff I've not seen before, as well as a lot of California and international stuff I have. Just choose your time to visit.
3	The Holidays are coming and in the 'British' section they are not selling Vegeta seasoning anymore.
1	I needed Italian bread for an event so there was no choice except to buy the bread that was available. The bakery had plenty of Italian bread but therein lies the problem- I buy Italian bread on an almost weekly basis so I know the way it's supposed to look as well as cost. For about the third maybe fourth time now the bread yeast hasn't risen all the way. It looks like squashed sourdough bread instead of Italian bread. Instead of about 4"-5" it's about 2" thick. To add insult to injury the bread even costs more during the times it was thinner. Instead of the bread costing $2.49 just like any other day it cost $2.69 when it's thinner. Does that make any sort of logical sense? I am disappointed and this review is emotional in nature but there are actual facts here as well.
1	Everyone complains about how expensive Whole Foods is in this area, but I find the Market District to be even more expensive for lesser quality. I despise going to this location, it is always packed with the rudest people imaginable and the employees act like they have anywhere better to be than at work. I have worked in a grocery store before and it is not always the most pleasant, but the way I have been treated there everytime I go is beyond imagining. Giant Eagle has managed to monopolize grocery stores in this area and kept out other chains I would prefer such as Wegman's. The produce here is subpar and anytime I do buy it I end up with a swarm of fruit flies at my house. I once saw a tomato display crawling with hundreds of them and the employees did nothing. Go to Whole Foods and buy their store brand, you'll save yourself money and be around employees who are enthusiastic to help.
