3	This is our version of Cheers. You know. Where everybody knows our name. This pub is really a versatile place. It changes from family dining to sports bar to kick back pub everyday. And its really conducive to all our different circles of friends. The bartenders and wenches are all SUPER friendly and willing to please. Now that I think about it, I'm really spoiled by this place. While we haven't yet memorized the menu, we've memorized everything that we like on the menu. Touting myself as a french fry connoisseur, I like to think that Steiner's beer-battered fries are among the elite. Bf loves the wings, extra hot. They also have a creme brulee. Its not great, but if ever I have a creme brulee craving at 2 in the am ...
4	When I bought my house, Steiner's was one of the reasons why I bought in the area I did.  Super friendly bartenders, good video games, good flow of people coming in and out of this bar.  I sort of slowed down on coming here as the crowds seemed to thin, but I occasionally come back and the bartenders still recognize me no matter how long it's been since I've been in.  Nice to get a quick, warm meal at 11pm so close to my house.
4	Had a quick bite late night to eat here. i chose the patty melt (homemade thousand island topping) with a side of beer-battered delicious onion rings and diet coke with multiple limes. date got  their cheeseburger topped with onion and a generous slab of bacon, ordered medium. the steak fries were hot and perfectly seasoned. Lotsa tvs in this place, viewable from every vantage point; a perfect venue for watching football on sundays. They also serve breakfast and have a variety of beers on tap.  Very clean, attentive waiter, sparkling flatware and ladies' restroom was spic and span. all the things a girl notices in a casual, make-yourself-at-home kind of bar.
4	This neighborhood pub was just around the corner from my house when I lived in Las Vegas.  Mind you, if you are not a Vegas local, you are unaware to the fact that there are multiple pubs on every street corner.  This is by no mean an anomaly.My nights here were spent in glory.  Fresh off going live with one of my evening news broadcasts at Channel 8 CBS News, this is where my team would wind up.  An average evening was spent with fellow producers, reporters and photogs.  Always, we received the most special of customer service (even when we were not donned in CBS gear) .. the pub style food is amazing, the martinis are well stirred and the table video blackjack and video poker will score you free drinks and half off on all entrees.  All the bartenders are one of a kind, and the milieu is one of extreme comfortableness.  Never were we hounded due to our news occupations by fans, patrons or workers .. which, was a nice break from the normal fan attack received by local news personalities.Steiner's Pub is the true definition of a neighborhood pub .. where the food is always good, the bar is always social and the alcohol is always plentiful.
4	I live right just a couple blocks away from this place, and I love it! My roommate and I are in there a couple of times a week - both for lunch and dinner and just for drinks. The staff here is very friendly and the food is exactly what you want it to be from a neighborhood bar/restaurant: tasty, filling and cheap.Wednesday's are amazing because they offer $5 hamburgers and $6 cheese burgers, along with their DELICIOUS fries. I've also become a big fan of their Summerlin Breakfast. On the weekends, if you get there before 11:00, you can get 2 eggs, bacon/sausage, hashbrowns, and choice of bread/bagel for just $4.99. Yum!
4	Fun bar great food. Fish and chops are amazing.
4	This location was the former official game day bar for my local Alumni Club.  Last season we watched all of the football games here on Saturday and had a section reserved for our group.  This year we changed locations because of logistics for people throughout the Valley.  I stopped in here for old time's sake on Saturday to watch a few games and enjoy a few Blue Moon's.  The place was busy but not too packed.  I wasn't very hungry, so I passed on food and just enjoyed my Blue Moon.  However, in the past I've enjoyed their Kobe Burger and Nachos.  Those 2 dishes stand out for me.The service was great, as usual.  It's a very casual joint, so come here in your jersey and jeans to enjoy a few drinks and some grub.Will I return?  You can count on it!
4	It was great!  I had the patty melt as we watched the Lakers on one of the many TVs.  The cole slaw tasted fake though.  But I will go back and try something else.Service was A+
2	It was LOUD.  Loud is a deal-breaker for me.  This is my 5th time at Steiners but the first time I've been so totally turned off!  Last night was blasting-headache-inducing noise with the music cranked way up.  The service was casual to an extreme, the tables had not been cleaned and I was disappointed in the food.  We both had the angel hair pasta (tasty) with shrimp (bland).  Probably if you want to watch the game and are into the "Cheers" atmosphere mentioned earlier, with a burger and beer, this will work.  But for an evening when you can sit and yak, kick back and catch up with friends, not so much.
1	I'm probably going to get raked across the coals since this is def. a locals favorite.Thanksgiving at Steiner's:  1.  First of all, it was freezing.  In the restaurant.  Warmer outside.  I kept my coat on as we were seated.2.  We were seated at a tabled, ordered, received our drinks, told we had to move to another table since our current table was reserved for people who NEVER SHOWED UP.  The manager actually told the waitress to have us move IN FRONT OF US, having the waitress be the bad guy rather than dirty her own hands.3.  I asked if I could order the pumpkin pie separately out of the Thanksgiving deal.  I was told no.  Even asked if I could pay EXTRA.  Nope, no bueno.   I went next door and gave my money to the grocery store and ate an entire one following said meal.4.  My sandwich was cold.  HOWEVER!  The fries were delicious, and seasoned very well.So  I dropped by months later overnight, you know, non-Thanksgiving to try them out on a regular late night.The bartender was cranky, when we asked if could change out potatoes for french fries, a short, "We don't do that here" was thrown back at us.  Unfriendly, uninspiring, average prices.  Good fries, though.
4	Great beer list and bar food.I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.  It's clean and the service is good, but it still has the charm of your favorite neighborhood bar.  I had a great Samuel Smith Taddy Porter today, thanks to Ken M's recommendation.  This beer was like a guilt-free dessert; it was dark, smooth and creamy but not so weigh-you-down heavy.  I also had the chicken fingers (hot) with fries.  The fries were well seasoned, perfectly cooked, and delicious.  I had a side of the "Hotter" sauce and yes, this was VERY spicy.  If it weren't for the ranch on the side, I'm not sure I could have handled it.  Either way, this was a "hit the spot" meal.  I would definitely come back to try all the other interesting beers and the Kobe (not bryant) burger, as they write it.  This is your neighborhood Cheers, minus the "Norm."  Ok, maybe the Norm too.
5	I wanted to watch both games tonight, and immediately thought of Steiners.  I know what you're thinking: "Its a Monday, why not just watch the games at home?"  If you're in the playoffs of your fantasy league you don't sit on the couch, you get off your ass and find that $@%in dog!  (do you know the movie?) I walked in to a  comfy cozy, Christmas light-lit bar. I knew I'd be ordering the Samuel Smith's Taddy Porter, gracias Ken M. once more for the great review.  What made tonight great, were the happy hour specials.  They had two for one beers, ALL BEERS.  So my Taddy Porter was $2.50 a bottle, insanity.  Since my girlfriend doesn't drink, I had to have two at the same time, it wouldn't have been right to order one...quit judging.  Appetizers were also discounted, so after a round of scrumptiously priced buffalo chicken fingers and the beers, I couldn't have been happier.  Oh, and they had some promotion going on where a guy on a mic was giving stuff away at halftime.  It sounded fun, but I was too invested in my libations to pay much attention.  Steiners is where you want to be.
4	Nice low key pub in the suburbs of Vegas...not a touristy place, but more of a family favorite.  I went here for a friend after they suggested the tasty burgers...I wasn't disappointed.  To start, I had the white bean and ham soup...very tasty without being too salty...very satisfying and a great start to the meal!  Then, I had the Kobe beef sliders...topped with cheese and crispy fried onions and chipotle ketchup on the side.  Again...another great choice...I would say they were roughly 2oz each...and there were 4 of them...as opposed to my friend that had the Kobe burger which was HUGE!I love burgers, so this was great.  The sliders were perfectly cooked...not dry at all and having them on sweet potato buns complimented the burger.All in all, another great meal.
4	Good Food. Good Prices.  A little dark, and a bit hard to maneuver with a handicapped person.  Very nice service.
4	I always end up spending more money than I mean too when I go to this place. Some of the stuff on the menu is a little pricey for what it is, but they do have good specials every day of the week, as well as happy hour and graveyard specials, so I can't complain about that too much. I love the grilled cheese sandwich with ham and fries.. I know it's simplest darn thing, but it's to DIE for. Whatever ham they use, I hope they keep using it. The summerlin breakfast special they have at night is pretty good too. I've also had the nachos as well. While they weren't they greatest nachos in the world, they do the trick for your nacho craving.
4	Cozy..great food and a friendly atmosphere..Love the sports/tv views.  Not too nosy. :)  Go there often enough to get free food!  Fun promotionals.
4	Every couple of months, I travel to Las Vegas for work.  I always stay with my friend and colleague.  He knows that I am "all about" local bars.  Steiner's is definitely one!I have never eaten at Steiner's, we just go in to drink and gamble!The female bartenders that work the evening shift are fantastic.  They are very quick with a drink and are great at predicting the need for a refill.  They are fun to talk to and I was completely impressed that they remembered me and what I drank even though it had been six months.The clientele is mostly casual working stiffs with the occasional local drunk mixed in.  It is a great bar to hang out for a few hours and release the stress of the week.  Their selections of alcohol are adequate and I was impressed they carried the 18 year old Jameson.  Whenever you are in Vegas and want to get away from all of the fake wannabe millionaires on the strip, go to e great local bar like Steiner's.
3	The facts; average nevada bar, they have good bar food, service good, people can smoke, good place to watch sports... not cheap not expensive.I really wish yelp would change the star system.  This place is better than a 3 star but I just can't give this a 4 star!  Damn it... I am changing it to a 4 star. No I am staying on three.  Three stars means "a-ok."  Four stars means "Ya I'm a Fan."  To be honest this is just a good place to have a beer and maybe some above average bar food.  With that being said I just can't say --- "Ya I'm a Fan."  So, I guess I can say it is "A-ok."  Comparatively speaking though it is better than other bars that get 3 star ratings and as good as a bar that gets 4 star ratings...  This is a dilema for me.I guess what keeps this place from being 4 or even 5 stars are 2 things.  First, I was there with 2 buddies, we had 2 apps and some beers.  The tab was $120.  No shots or excessive drinking were talking some draught beer.  Maybe that is just the going rate these days but It rubs my rhubarb the wrong way.  Also, and this is no detriment just an observation, but it is nothing special.  Kinda boring in there.  Like I said; it is not a bad thing just nothing to blow my skirt up.
3	I only ever come here because a girl I know likes a particular beer they serve here and at the Yardhouse. Personally, I think her beer is ok, but I like to stick to my Corona's. Now, when I review a bar, I usually rate it on the following fluid criteria: was the beer cold? was the food good for a bar? was service ok? and were prices in line with the place? I've never had the food here, so I cannot speak to that, but regarding everything else...On my last trip here, I purchased 3 Coronas, and the lady ordered four of her beers. Total was around $35, which I thought was kinda high. But then again, this place isn't a PT's: the environment is slightly more uppity, as evidenced by their nicer menus. Service was pretty good most of the night, though at the end a larger party came in and they seemed to forget about the two of us. Fail. All in all, this place is cool. I'll probably come here again, but it's not my first choice over a PT's.
3	Don't get me wrong, steiner's is one of my favorite places but, the "hashed browns" served this morning were horrible!  It was like a paste that was smeared onto the griddle & cooked.  So sad
3	We started out at this Steiner's, then switched to the one on Cheyenne.  But after a few less-than-stellar meals there, we're back to where it all began.Steiner's is, as my three stars indicates, A-OK.  Not fabulous, but not bad, either.  This time we had Chicken Piccata and a Flat Iron Ranch Steak.  Hubby's been ordering the Chicken Piccata ever since they took the "other" chicken dish off the menu, which used to come with terrific criss-cross potato crisps under the chicken and stuck into the mashed potatoes.  He misses those, though his gut and Dr. Oz are happier.  But he likes the Piccata, which comes with fresh veggies and mashed.My steak was good, cooked a tad more medium than the medium-rare I'd requested, but not enough for me to send it back.  It came with the same sides.This is a comfortable, neighborhood joint that we'll keep coming back to, because it's a comfortable, neighborhood joint, with decent food, good beer, and that Kool-Aid stuff - white zin - for $4.00.
4	Cape cod city! Yay!Heather $. And I were ready to get drunk and sloppy, we decided Steiners was a good place to go! Just kidding about the drunk and sloppy part! Lol. Steiners is like 3.6 mins from my place so I was off!We arrived and it was quiet inside, we arrived late so it was nice to not have a crowd and cray crays all over the place. We sat and our bartender asked if we were hungry and took our drink order and gave us menus.I ordered a cape codder and Heather got the special beer. It was nice pay only 4$ for a Smirnoff cape cod, and he made it soooooo yummy! Service was great even though there was only 2 ppl working that night! I will be sure to come back for the eats!
4	Good food, drinks, price and service. Great atmosphere.
5	Great Beer selection.  Try and sit close to the beer fridge so you can see the micro and import selection.  Some beers are not on the menu.  They have the BEST frenchfries in Las Vegas and home made ranch yum!  My husband and I pretty much make Steiners our go-to pub.
4	Best "Happy Hour" in Vegas. The specials they run for HH from half price appetizers (nachos my favorite either get in chicken or beef) and all domestic or import beers 2 for 1. They really do great job comes beer put the second draft or bottle on ice. The selection on draft beers is very diverse one that enjoy checking out micro brews section. Lot of good micro brews from the US and always seem like new one added when I go. The prices are very reasonable.The food always good. I tend too get the sandwiches or burgers. Every time the sandwiches nice hot, fresh, and french fries good. My favorite is the reuben sandwich! I love the thousand island sauce. The whole combination the pastrami really could eat by itself. The bar area is great they have lots of televisions too watch the games on. It one if not the only place that get the NHL package. I love NHL and hockey one biggest passions in life. It refreshing too see bar naturally has other three but nice watch NHL game have venue too watch favorite team. They always tend too have some kind of giveaway each week. Also have players card that earn points towards food or beverages. The wait staff is all friendly, great management always walking around making sure your meal is great and attentive. If not so far away would go more often..
3	Loved the food but found the atmosphere kinda creepy.  I stopped in for lunch and felt the lights were turned down way to low for that time of day.  The Cuban sandwhich was excellent and I'm a fan of their thick cut beer battered fries. With a beer and tip the bill came to $20 which I feel is too pricy for lunch in Vegas.
5	This first time experience of mine was Magically Delicious! I highly reccomend the Lamb Chops Dinner! I promise you this... You'll lick the damn plate when it's all said and done :-) But the customer service there is A+ and it's a Great Atmosphere! Big shout out to Regional Manager Roger Sachs for the hook up :-)
4	This place has never let me down. One thing that is a must try would def be there French Toast. It has to be one of the best french toast in this town!
4	Good food and would give it a 5 if the service was more consistent. The food is always good and enjoyable. They have plenty of tvs and there is always a game on. Try any of the burgers and you will not be disappointed. My wife really likes the wings. The frys and onion rings are great.
3	I don't think I've been in here in about 4 years, so I figured it was time to give it another shot.  Had a few beers tonight and was a bit disappointed.  They have a big beer list, but I couldn't find anything that met my expectations.  Ended up having an Abita Purple Haze, which tasted watered down, and some other beer the bartender recommended, which was OK.  Actually the bartender was probably the only selling point of this place... her name is Sheila, and I remember her from when I used to go here back in the day.  She didn't remember me, but she is super friendly.  I'm going to give this place a few more tries, and then go back to Roadrunner as my local joint...
3	Updating from last review... What happened to the customer service? It use to be so good, this use to be one of my number one spots to go for brekfest (their french toast it amazing), but the service def makes me re think it. I havent been since June. which is sad..
4	Great bartenders (Jennifer is so freaking nice and make perfect drinks).  the food is good bar food and they have a good beer selection
3	There are several things that I like about Steiner's...and a few I areas where it just doesn't manage to stand out.They have a decent draft list, but a much better craft beer list.  I love that they have multiple "bar food" items that stand out as well.  The nachos are individual chips made into perfect bites with a little bit of everything on each chip.  They have a bratwurst in a pretzel bun that is ridiculously good.They have a great value for breakfast as well.That being said I am just too much of a foodie and beer snob to truly appreciate it, but when friends from work or grad classes want to meet somewhere Steiner's is a welcome choice over the myriad of usual bars around. Some other highlights:Drink Happy Hour Monday through Friday 4PM to 7PMValue priced appetizers Monday through Friday 3PM to 6PMGraveyard Specials1AM to 7AM Every Day$2 Domestic Draft Beers2AM to 7AM Summerlin Breakfast
4	This place has great happy hour prices and decent bar food. Bartenders are very nice as well as all the staff.
5	I love this place and always come here to unwind after a hard day of work. I am one of many regulars, which should speak for itself. The bartenders always recognize my friends and I and are super friendly, always conversing with us. The food is also great. Everything about this place makes it my own personal getaway. They always seem to have specials on beers, which have saved my friends and I a ton of money and have gotten us a lot of free stuff. If you are looking for the perfect local bar for some R&R this is the place.
4	I have been coming to Steiner's since it opened in 1998 (Cheyenne & Durango location). I really do like their food.  I am pretty familiar with the menu and, for the most part, hasn't changed since they opened.  In my opinion, Steiner's is the reason that bar food in Vegas has been elevated past chicken wings & burgers.Some of my favorite items are the Death Valley Chips, Oasis Cobb Salad, Flamingo Chicken Sandwich, and the Sinful Frozen Cappuccino Pie.  There are daily lunch & dinner specials as well as great daily soups (chicken noodle is my fav!).The beer list is long; 20 different drafts, 60 or more different bottled ales/beers/ciders.  The staff is very friendly and service is very prompt.  Be aware, late at night, food is available, but you have to order at the bar since there is usually not waitstaff.Seating is seat yourself with high tables, low tables, a party bar, and booths as well as gaming seating at the bar.  The decor is Nevada History Kitschy.  As with most bars when it has been busy, the smoke in the air is a little bothersome, but overall, Steiner's is my go to place for a local bar/restaurant for one excellent reason: consistency.
4	We had a good time here at Steiner's. They have great beer specials and fantastic wings and offer an awesome array of pub food that they've put their own spin on. It's a fantastic place to come to watch a game (although a few of the TVs could use some updating) but overall its a pretty legit place that we'll definitely come back to.
4	The decor is classic dark brew pub. It works. A nice place to hang with your friends or just chill by yourself.An above average pub menu. The breakfast menu is pretty good, with lots of choices. We like it - my sweetie loves to come here.Today we showed up a bit late for breakfast, so we fastened onto the lunch menu. Again,  lots of choices. I went with the "round mountain" roast beef sandwich,  my sweetie went with the Paradise Carnita sandwich. We both had the home made chips,,, my sandwich was okay -- it was as advertised -- but it was kinda bland for my taste. Not Steiner 's fault,  the roast beef sandwich would be killer for someone with a blander palette than mine.  The Paradise Carnita sandwich was absolutely KILLER.So full of flavor -- an awesome choice,  sweetie loved it as did I.  I know what Im ordering on my next visit.  Pulled pork ( carnita style )  with spicy sauce and pico de gallo served on a sweet sourdough roll. Amazing sandwich.Good selection of beers - on tap and in bottles. Service was good,  and the prices are fair. Recommended.
4	Decent bar food, decent drinks, and decent service. Comfortable, clean atmosphere
5	I had a bratwurst with a pretzel roll.  Best brat I've had in a looooong time!
4	I joined some friends at Steiner's for a hockey game and the staff was great! I was surprised they carried Lindemans Framboise and that earned them their 4 stars. The food was great, I splurged and got their Kobe Burger, and my medium patty was medium! :D They would have gotten their 5 stars if the Framboise wasn't soo pricey. I would definitely go back again.
1	used to eat there weekly with my family and even joined their Steiner,s club.But to allow smoking they made rule that you have to be 21.  So they lost our business and I guess other family business, so if you like your food with smoke so a few could play slot machines you found a place. What upset me the most is I spoke to the owner and called their rewards office abd they did not give a Damn about losing family business-they shoukd be boycotted,
2	So my wife and I met some friends here. We wanted to eat and have a few drinks to celebrate. The waiter must have been new. I asked him about some of the beers they showed on the menu and he was clueless. I asked him about the draft beer and he didnt know what they had. Finally I decided to just have a Coors Light on draft and he brought me a Miller Lite. This was the first mistake. We ordered our food. My friend ordered Fried Chicken and it came out still cold in the middle almost frozen.....WOW. She had to return it and waited an additional 20 minutes while everyone else had there food. My other buddy had Fish & Chips, he said it was fantastic. Then our other friend ordered the steak sandwich and she said it was ok accept she had to pick off the onions that she asked them to hold. My wife and I ordered the sampler. This was NOT impressive. The chicken wings were supposed to be plain and they were spicy. The fingers were hard and way over cooked. The onion rings were great and the potato wedges were the bomb.com. After we at we decided to have a shot of Hennessey to finish off the night and the waited forgot to bring one out so we had to wait again. Yes I am being hard on this place because for such a nice establishment they hired some boneheads to work there. I watched a waitress and a waiter make out were the put in the orders. This is right in front of the customer. No wonder our order wasnt right and they kept forgetting things. The owner should take a long hard look at his or hers staff. At least the cook came out and apologized for the Fried Chicken mishap. Thumbs down to this Steiners due to the lack of professionalism from the staff and the quality of the food.
2	Steiner's let's have a talk, you serve food and allow people to smoke cigarettes, but cigars are over the line? To non smokers there isn't a difference, they both stink! Cigarettes cling to everything, your hair, clothes, hands and especially the room. I can smoke a cigar inside and a hour later you can't smell it. So please a reply would or a post on your Yelp would be appreciated.
5	The food is great with a good selection. They even have a great breakfast. The staff is super friendly and you may even get a visit from the manager to make sure you are happy. They have the best happy hour in town, 2 for 1! It will be your new favorite hangout.
4	I really liked this place. We ordered burgers since they were having a Saturday game day special. The burgers were all discounted to 8 bucks. I didn't think that was too bad. The only sad thing was our beers coat more than our dinners. 23.00 for 4 beers is kinda steep. Not terrible though. We will be back for the food.
4	A co-worker of mine recommend this place to me so me and a friend of mine went to check it out at lunch. I must say this place by far has the best environment to relax watch sports, eat lunch, or even just have a few drinks. The ambience is awesome!!! Lots of cool pictures and memorabilia around. The seating is setup with space and comfortable for large parties. For lunch I had the Ruben with fries. The food was delicious!! Cooked to perfection with some of the best fries I ever had. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is I couldn't drink being on lunch break. I highly recommend this place to anyone for food, sports or a simple outing.  The lady at the bar was awesome great personality and very social!! GO CHECK IT OUT!!
4	Steiner's is a favorite of our friends so my husband and I find ourselves there fairly often.  They have a huge menu & a huge booze selection to go along with a ton of TVs for the sport you want to watch that day.  The food is typical pub/bar food but much better - the food is delicious.  I highly recommend the fried chicken basket!  They also have a great rewards card that will earn you points for every dollar spent.  Once you reach so many points, they mail you a gift card.  They also send you free meal coupons on your birthday & your anniversary! Oh - & the drink specials are killer!  2 for 1 during happy hour & they literally bring you two of what you order.  Double fist it!
2	This place is what it is. The draft beer is really cheap and tastes fine. I haven't had the fries, but the person I was with didn't like them at all. The seating is not ideal, because if you want a casual drink you basically have to sit in the bar or these booths that look a bit dated. I was a little confused walking in because we sat at stools adjacent to the bar, but no server came. So we realized we had to walk up to the bar to order, which was a bit strange.The crowd doesn't seem too bad. If you want cheap beer while smoking cigarettes, this spot is ok. I just wouldn't expect much more than that.
2	This place couldn't be more different during the day than at night.Late night, you can't really beat their food specials, and the service is always excellent on the third shift.During the day and at night however, this place is kind of a drag. They are total nazis about carding people (even those who are obviously 30+) and it gets really annoying. I understand that you can't serve people under 21 but seriously, develop and use some judgment and common sense, and remember your customers, instead of pretending to forget someone. In general, the servers seem intent on finding ways to avoid serving you, rather than trying to help you have a good experience. Perhaps they are so focused on gaming that they view non-gamers as a hassle, if this is the case, they have done a very good job of passively-aggressively making it clear.The menu is overpriced and fairly pedestrian, although they do offer really good specials at different times.
3	BF is a huge fan of this place- fond memories of their late night menu and quite a few game day beerfests. He vaguely remembered their prime rib being excellent, so we stopped in for dinner on a Friday night.Sure enough, signage at the door confirmed that Friday is prime rib night, 7-11PM. Discrepancy with the menu though, which states that dinner specials are 7-10PM. Either way, they were down to only well-done prime rib by 9PM, so I guess that's the day you're supposed to get there at 7 exactly or just cross your fingers.Good bar for a game, plenty of beers and lots of screens. LIked the cozy booths and the variety of seating options available. Don't know if they offer more game day specials for appetizers, but the prices were a little high, IMO.I went for the chili and side salad combo: $10; BF opted for a burger with a side of homemade chips and a beer, $10. Total came to about $25, so not bad all together, but I felt it was overpriced for what it was. BF would likely only return for late night menu pricing.Salad was nothing to write home about, dressing was bottled and not particularly flavorful (bleu cheese). Chili was surprisingly bland despite being drenched in cheese and onions. Not sure how they managed that one. Had high hopes considering it's made with black beans and sirloin, but it seemed like it was old. Later that night I had a stomach ache, lesson learned.BF's burger had swiss, bacon, and grilled onions, though I can't remember the name. I found it to be dry and flavorless, BF didn't think it was that bad. Though we ordered the chips, burger arrived with fries- server immediately caught the error and brought us an extra side of the chips.Verdict was that we should have stuck with the fries, which were much better. Chips were impressive in that they were superthin and waffle-cut: no clue how that happens, and it was cool, but they were also overly greasy and lacked crunch, and weren't particularly flavorful. The Lawry's seasoning only seemed to be on about 1/4 of the dish.Service was attentive and friendly, beer was cold and good, food was meh. Would go back for a game, but would probably eat before coming here.
5	Great local bar! The staff always remembers us and says hello. Actually ended up here for Christmas dinner with my mom and had a great time lol. The food specials are great and love the happy hour.
5	Best wings I've had in Vegas!They are huge & garlic injected.great beer specials & friendly staff.I give it 5 stars just because their food really is Superb
2	My daughter and I used to live eating here- a Friday dinner, Sunday brunch. The eating area is clearly separate from the bar yet for some strange reason, they refuse to allow families now. I'm sure they've lost money because of this. Other bars still allow minors, so we go there! Too bad- maybe they'll change back.
3	We went to the bar recently and we had a terrible customer experience! It took about 15 minutes to get our drink orders in, the food took another 20 minutes, the refills never got to us and the bill.. well that was pretty fast! The food was really not that good. We ordered the nachos for appetizer and although they were very good you only get about 10-15 nachos. I guess i'm used to eating tons of nachos that this size portion was just not enough for me. I'm a beer lover and this place has tons of international beers!!! I think i might come back just for that!
4	Pretty good food for a bar... Oops... I meant for a Nevada style pub! A little pricey however if you go during happy hour, the two for one drink special makes it worth it. I love that it's open 24 hours... Great for an insomniac like me. The burgers are good , that Bavarian pretzel is nice and the fries are amazing. Love the lamb chops. By the way, the Kobe beef hamburger is obviously not true Kobe beef from Japan, since the Wynn is the only place in USA with real Kobe beef.
5	Great atmosphere and great service. Go for the buy one get one free happy hour and get a Cesar burger, you won't be disappointed.
1	Hands down the worst service I have ever received from a server in my entire life. She spoke in a very unprofessional manner and in an an impressionable way as if she thought she was some sort of savior or counselor and not a bartender. The truth of the matter is that she is a parrot and repeats complete parroted nonsense that was given to here by a drunken fool. I understand that this is a bar but if you are going to interrogate  every customer that walks in as if you know their life is fact and not the fiction that you have heard from somebody else than I presume it to be completely factual and none the less.  I believe the bartenders name is Sheryl or perhapsMax. Either way completely and utter foolish nonsense from these people that treated me like a was less than more than a paying customer. Never again will I return to such a foul mouth Podunk bar in  a big city such as Las Vegas and it is such a shame that I went in there expecting to be treated fairly in the midst of a breakup (where everybody sticks there nose and acts as if it was their business is mine) truly ashamed of the staff at a professional establishment such as Steiner's. It looks as if you should find a staff that is professional and doesn't act like clientele is anything but that. Quite a shame for an establishment that serves such great food.
5	Dear Chad B. First of all, if you want to use Yelp learn how to use it. None of these bartenders you mentioned work at the Buffalo location. Second, I have lived in Nevada for 27 years and the 2 bartenders you mentioned are two of the best bartenders I have ever had. Your yelp review is false and all locals should ignore it for both the Buffalo location and the girls he mentioned location.
5	Exactly what you want from your local pub. Good friendly service and decent food. Sunny in particular is awesome!
2	I live in walking distance to Steiners and really want to like it, however, the bartenders have been below average most times I've been in. I especially HATE that cigarettes are allowed and not cigars! It should be no smoking or cigars allowed! Cigarettes smell worse than cigars because they are full of chemicals and paper! Premium cigars are pure whole leaf tobacco, thus they do not linger as long as cigars. Also, when I lit my cigar the bar tender was very rude about it. It's not what you say, it's how you say it! I cashed out and left immediately after the exchange.It's too bad because, the food is pretty good here. I really liked the Chinese chicken salad. Service needs to be improved and change your cigar policy, God forbid high end customers come in with their fancy cigars.
4	I had been to another Steiner's a year ago and thought I'd give this location a go this time around. Needless to say, I was VERY happy to give it a shot.First and foremost, the deals they have during football games - college and pro - are enough to make ANYONE want to stop in. Amazing app deals, great discounts on everything (including a kobe beef burger), and some damn nice giveaways. If you're in Vegas for over a weekend, and don't want to sit on the strip (which why would you these days?), hit up Steiners for a game, you won't regret it.Onto the review! Don't want the normal bar food, look here. My cousin and I were able to make a nearly custom meal. Wasn't an option, but, I had to ask for a grilled, diced chicken omelet. No problem. Not on the menu, but, my cousin asked for a buffalo chicken sammy - bam, no problem. And, the ingredients, and food, very very solid for a sports bar. The omelet (diced chicken, cheddar and avocado) was fantastic. Perfectly fluffy, great amount of sharp, tasty cheese and perfectly grilled up chicken boob. Hashbrowns were killer too. Solid crunch on the outside with a great golden appearance. Only gripe, some cold rye toast which tells me they miss timed dropping them.Bartender was fantastic and very accommodating. Can't wait to head back when I hit the desert again.
4	Done here on a regular basis. Food is always good and love the Kobe burger and chicken piccata. Fridays prime rib is some of the best in Summerlin area. Service is almost always outstanding. Managerial staff sometimes acts like customers are an inconvenient part of their job. Have visited and watched groups get rowdy and vulgar and manager accommodate them despite other customers complaints. No fun dining with staggering drunks as a backdrop. Have only witnessed a few times though. Will definitely return despite its issues.
4	I came here on a whim tonight because I was hungry. The beer selection here is impressive for a smaller bar that doesn't seem to be overly corporate. The chili is absolutely phenomenal, and I will be trying any food I can get covered in this beany, meaty goodness. Also a major plus that I live less than a five minute drive from here.
4	Try the Kobe Sliders...and the sweet potato fries. They always have a game on as well...
5	Excellent service!!Came in around 5 on a random Tuesday and the place was fairly busy.  Expected slow service but was pleasantly surprised by quick, friendly, efficient service all around!Had the house Chardonnay, not too bad when it's happy hour 2-for-1.Also thoroughly enjoyed the lamb chops, cooked to perfection!!I just moved across the street from this place and have found my new local bar!!
3	Our server,  Katrina,  made our Sunday Funday better than expected! ! We had such a good time! And then, shift changed,  and the new bartender was totally rude, and we are leaving. (Asian Chic, Sunday afternoon).
