4	Food is really good. Service is terrific. The bartenders are fantastic. Try the shrimp fajitas. They offer other Mexican dishes in addition to fajitas. If you like frozen margaritas order them with Cuervo Gold...don't use the pre-mix frozen unless you get a shot of tequilla added to it. Also, they cook everything right there in the open. Be prepared to smell like a delicious fiesta after you leave.
4	This place is really 3 stars, but because it brings me a sense of nostalgia, I will be generous and give it 4.  3 of us guys ordered 1 1/2 pounds of meat- Chicken, Beef and Pork. I thought it would have been carnitas, however it was more of a pork chop.  Chicken was great, and the beef was just eh.  The best part about it all were the thick, delicious homemade tortillas. Delicious!!! A tip that we have always done since high school- switch out the pico de gallo with guacamole free of charge. Use the salsa from the chips and salsa and you are all set. Squirt some lime on your fajita and bam, you have the best tasting fajita this side of the I-17.Pretty reasonable and tasty and for sure filling, just beware you will smell like what you ate for the next 18 hours after coming here.
1	You have gotta be kidding me reviewers!  This place was neither tasty or satisfying, It wasn't cost effective, it wasn't great service. It wasn't even good food.Let's start with the salsa. There is nothing chunky or spicy or fresh about it, It is sweet tomato sauce with a bit of onion in it. If this is salsa Ragu missed the boat by -this- much. It is most certainly not prepared there and is the absolutely worst salsa I have ever been served. I took one dip and I asked the waitress if they had any other types of salsa available. She said no. My partner said "it sort of grows on you," so I dipped a few more times and all that grew on me were questions as to how a Mexican restaurant was calling this salsa. I was considering an exit strategy, but we decided to let the food determine our visit.Looking around the place, it was near empty, except for a large family table, a senior age couple and another couple our age who were also visiting for the first time. I know because they were asking all the questions I had about the menu. Interesting layout allows you to watch the cooks plate up the food. This can either be a great experience or a fearful one. Good lord how many onions are being put on the sizzling plate? What is being poured out of a deep frying basket over them? I don't think this bodes well.I ordered the half pound Beef Fajita. My sizzling experience was that of two cups of undercooked white onion, one ring of green pepper and a tiny ring of red pepper. Sliced Fajita meat that was charred and chewy perhaps dropped in the fryer? Tortillas which were completely uneven in thickness and sizes (I guess that means they are homemade, right?) They were almost too cold to fold and were damp from being steamed warm I think. EW. Still I was hungry and going to make this work. My condiment plates shredded cheese was fused together as if someone had scooped it partially melted with an ice cream scoop. The sour cream was plentiful but warm. I desperately wanted to add the chopped tomatoes to the salsa bowl, it seems they belonged there, but there were only enough of them for one Fajita so I didn't. The only way I was going to get these fajitas to be remotely tasty was request some lime. Fortunately I was able to secure some juicy wedges which helped. My partner said they liked the beef jerky meat, but it's not what I had in mind. At all. That's ok, the border dinner was sure to please them, right?NO. It should have been left at the border and denied entry into the states. The congealed enchiladas held the fork in an upright position and refused to be edible. The charro beans were only edible if you pierced the plastic shell of dried beans on top and dug out some bite from the middle. My partner who loves rice didn't even scoop a bite of the spanish rice a roni provided. The dinner salad was a wilted ranch dressing mess and was useful only to put on one of my fajitas. I thought it would add some crunch. It didn't. We stared at the fried tortilla cup that held the queso. Under the skin the cheese heart was beating. Seriously, it wanted to live! It would shudder periodically as if something was swimming beneath the surface. Heat, I imagine, is all that made it percolate, but we had reached a stage in this dinner where we knew it was a bust and everything became fodder for jokes.  I am never going back and I thought others should know that Outback and Lone Star are in the same vicinity. Make a better choice.$33 dollars. Wasn't it 33 pieces of silver that betrayed Jesus? These positive reviews were a Judas kiss, folks.
3	Fajitas isn't a great Mexican restaurant but I think they do good fajitas.  Its a good place for a group of people to share a bunch of food.  I really like the shrimp fajitas.
3	Fajita's turned out to be pretty good actually, but "pretty good" mexican food in a land of bountiful mexican food is a restaurant that is not trying hard enough. Still they've been open for 22 years so it's clearly not bad mexican food.One of the things holding this place back from a higher rating in my book is price. Let's face it folks, fajitas are made with cheap cuts of meat, in the case of beef fajitas almost always skirt or "flank" steak. Yes that's right, the same thing that a lot of places pound flat to make it tender and fry as Chicken-Fried Steak. Fajitas are just a way to make a tough piece of meat edible, and the price of $23.00 for a pound of fajitas is no bargin.Still, we had the pork fajitas and they were tender and tasty and you can believe that the freshly made tortillas are a treat. However the condiment plate or "Molcajete" is a deceptively small portion of cheese, tomatoes and sour cream on top of a bed of green cabbage. Good stuff to be sure but not enough to get you through a half-pound order of fajitas. No problem you say, just ask for more which they happily bring to you at an additional $3.50 charge. Kind of insulting actually.The salsa is fresh, despite what Danine D. wants you to believe. It is finely chopped and is not very hot but it is very flavorful all the same. We greatly enjoyed it.As an appitizer we had a Fajita Pizza, a large flour tortilla covered in cheese, fajita meat, jalapeno slices, onions and olives all baked up crisp and delicious.The service was excellent despite the servers being seated with a party of 13 and two parties of 20 the same time we came in. We lacked for nothing.The kitchen is in the centre of the restaurant and you can watch them preparing your fajitas over mesquite wood fires. We saw no fry fats present but the cooks do use fry baskets to cook the shimp in over the fire, allowing the wonderful smoke to add to their flavour.We liked the food well enough, and if we are in the area and hungry we are likely to return. But it is quite aways to go for us from Gilbert to get "pretty good" food, and as I say it is not really much of a bargin. Still Fajitas gets good marks for flavorful food, friendly staff, and a good concept.
5	Service is great.  Food is great.  Don't get anything but the fajitas if you go, though.  It's called Fajitas for a reason.  They make their own tortillas on the spot.  Make sure you get a side of beans for your fajitas; it kind of brings it all together.  Without the beans the fajitas are nothing special.  But with the beans and the salsa.....aaawww yeaaaaah..  Also, the cheese dip (queso con chile) is really good.  Mmm.........
4	The curious case of the disappearing review. I'm sure I've reviewed Fajita's before, but it seems to have vanished.Fajita's has some spectacular lunch specials. I give them 5 full stars for their lunch, not so much for dinner (much more pricey), which some how I've determined equals out to 4 stars.So, go there for lunch, munch on some tasty fajitas on the cheap. Being a vegetarian, I thoroughly enjoy the veggie fajitas for a mere $5. They make their own in house tortillas, which are unique and very good. They also include their tasty chips & salsa for every customer.Awesome lunch spot.
4	A great place for group celebrations, Fajitas serves up its signature dish in 1/2 pound increments, including chicken, beef, pork, shrimp and vegetarian. Served with sides-- lettuce, salsa, cheese, pico, etc-- and warm tortillas, the fajitas always taste great. There's little reason to stray elsewhere on the menu, other than appetizers and additional sides.
4	Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! and out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) As we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... right after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) and out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! The Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... this place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. in the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... we shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... i like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
5	Absolutely love this place!!! Only complaint I have would be the tortillas used to be thick and fluffy and now are pretty flat. But other than that this place is amazing.
5	This restaurant has been serving my family for as long as they have been open. They have GREAT service, GREAT food, and despite a recent change in grenadine, great SODA. Recently, when they changed grenadine, and we expressed our dismay, the waiters BOUGHT a bottle of old grenadine to use when we came. Now that is not just SERVICE but FRIENDSHIP. The food is oh so tasty, homemade tortillas are addictive.. I often stop halfway through consuming my 1/2 pound chicken fajitas with extra seasoning to thank the heavens for the food before me, becuase it's THAT good. Sour cream, chicken, cheese, and salsa are the perfect innard for a fresh tortilla. Always warm chips barely need a little salt, delicious salsa.Also serve awesome cheese enchiladas, respectable cheese crisps, and are SUPER family friendly, although I miss the days of balloons for kids. (See, I've been going here what? 20 years?)Love it!
4	Was in town for Wrestlemania 26, and decided I would celebrate my Birthday here! Started with a fresh Fruit Daiquiri, and then another.. Lol. Ordered some guacamole and chips, which I really liked! We ordered a bunch of food and shared! Everything was Authentic and fresh! They found out it was my Birthday and brought me a huge chocolate covered cupcake which sealed the deal for me! Would also like to note there open kitchen made for a little entertainment!
5	This has been a family favorite of ours for years and years.  The only entree we ever get are the family-style fajitas.  I'm sure the rest of their food is great, but their fajitas are the best we've ever had!  They come out sizzling on a hot cast-iron plate with sauteed onions peppers, and are served alongside homemade flour tortillas.  You can't get any better than that!  Great, now my mouth is watering....
5	I love this place. I have been going here for years with my Dad and I have to say that they have consistently served good food with a great attitude. The meat is good , I'd suggest the Cadillac if you like beef. The salsa is also excellent with just enough kick to make it perfect. They also have different flavors of tea which I like since I am a big tea drinker. While this place isn't high class dining it is a great time and the food is great.
5	I found the food excellent, but keep in mind this isn't typically Mexican food this is Tex-Mex which is a whole different variety. Our waitress was fantastic, and talked me into getting the melted cheese on the side. It was quite tasty, indeed it has a bit of skin but generally if you cook cheese or milk included products into a liquid quickly it does get one..and personally I didn't haven't issue about it. The menu isn't extensive, it would be nice to have a bigger menu but with how accommodating the are, you could probably something off the wall and they'd be willing to do it.I ordered the bean and cheese burrito, which is delicious, and large. Its a fatty, and I loved it. When asked if they cook with lard the hostess had an immediate answer and listed what they used to cook everything with. I was so happy. Most have no idea, and aren't very polite if you ask. She was very friendly like everyone else we encountered there.I was told that the Steak was perfect, and mr.hard-to-please was filled up (had left overs) and stayed that way the rest of the night. Which was great. The salsa has an interesting flavor, and I must I dig it. I"m not a big fan of mexican rice so I didn't partake in eating it, however the fan of mexican rice at the table liked it, (but not as much as the fajitas) Conclusion - Excellent Staff, Great Food (Its Tex-Mex..not just Mex so bare that in mind. There is a difference!) Atmosphere reminds me of some place that would be placed in a Tarantino film. Price is average sit down if not a little high. Expect 2 people = over 30 dollars.
2	We stopped here for the first time after a day on the boat and none of us were in the mood to be picky.  Even with this being the case, we were all quite disappointed with the food here.  This certainly is NOT Tex-Mex.  It's the type of mexican food you would expect from a school or nursing home cafeteria.The salsa is little more than pureed tomatoes with a little chili pepper to give it some heat.  There's no flavor to it except raw tomato.  Adding a lot of Cholula made it tolerable at best.We ordered the Cadillac Fajita's,  The steak itself was quite tasty, but it was disappointing that $25 fajita's only come with tortillas, sour cream, pico de gallo, and cheese.   Guacamole, Rice, or Beans are all extra.  The tortillas were inconsistent in shape & thickness.  They were all some sort of oblong and a little crunchy on the outside edges.  The onions and peppers were served completely raw with only the heat of the fajita plate partially cooking a small portion of them.Spanish Rice was made with converted rice giving it the texture of rice pilaf.  This is a gross way to make rice that can sit around for a LONG time.One of the gals in our group ordered chicken soft tacos... they were so bad she only ate 1 and left the rest.The only thing that gave them 2 stars was the service.  Our waitress was very friendly and there when we needed her.
4	The veggie fajita lunch special here rocks! It also comes with free chips & salsa (although their salsa has absolutely NO spiciness, hence the 4 stars).For vegans, get the:veggie fajitas, no cheesesubstitute guacamole for the cheese & sour creamoptional: a side of fresh jalapeno's (75 cents)They tell me their tortillas are vegan, containing just flour, baking powder and one other non-animal ingredient (can't remember what they said).
5	Fajitas is by far the best place for.....fajitas.  The homemade tortillas are some of the best in the City.  I am not sure if any of the other mexican food is even any good here because I have been going here for years and only order the Cadillac and Chicken combo platter of fajitas.  The salsa is very good if you like fresh tasting salsa that is very runny.  The guac isn't always very good but the meat and toppings go well with the dish.  The atmosphere is supper casual and the bar sits in the middle which isnt very large but this place gets super busy in the evening and there is alot of energy in the place.  I have been going here for years and I cant think of a single time the service was not fast and great.  I highly recommend trying it out if you are in the area.
4	Went here with family. We heeded the previous advice and stuck to only fajitas: chicken, pork and veggie.  My vegetarian aunt and uncle assured me theirs was quite good. Chicken was good, my pork was a lil dry/overcooked. The fajita itself was fresh and excellent as advertised. The strawberry margarita was also tasty though short on rita
4	Came here for a B-day lunch for myself and the whole family. I think it was 16 total. No problem. They basically gave us a whole section to ourselves, which was great for all the little kids we have. Why Fajitas?? I have been to this restaurant w/every person that has ever been in my life. So, it is very nostalgic for me. The good news, is that the food is still delicious. We had beef, chicken, and shrimp fajitas. The tortillas are still homemade, and the guac. is some of the best. We also shared two cheese crisps, and they were nice and crisp also. The salsa is boring, and the place could use a deep cleaning, but I still love the place, and I'm sure I will be back.
1	It was the most Horrible Mexican food I have ever put a fork to. I asked for a Shredded beef burrito and my wife ask for 2 soft Tacos, 1 Chicken 1 Beef. When I dug into my burrito, NO MEAT just all tasteless dried, re-fried beans. TASTELESS. Then my wife said her Taco's where bland and had a funny flavor. The meal was pretty bad. Save your Money and go the Chipolti Mexican Grill and get better tasting food and a better deal. Fajitas is just plain bad food.
4	Been living in the valley for ten years now, have driven past Fajitas a million times, it wasn't until Jan this year that I ventured into the joint with some friends who gave this place 2 thumbs up! Let me tell ya I wasn't let down! The kitchen is opened; anywhere you sit you can see what's going on. The tortillas are homemade!!! That's right homemade! They are not your thin gonna crack when you fold them in  1/2 ones either! They are on the thick side, but its perfect for your fajitas & toppings! I'm sure they have items on the menu, but I couldn't tell you, I have been twice and haven't made it past the steak fajitas, but friends have ordered the shrimp fajitas and they don't do not skimp out on the shrimp! They also give you a plate that has pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream for your toppings but you can also ask for the guacamole, which I heard is good, but I haven't tried it myself yet. Service is good and friendly & we got a table pretty fast for being a Sat night.. Definitely plan on going back!
4	I was thrilled to be able to come to Fajitas for my friend's birthday lunch. This restaurant has been around for what seems like eons and a very fitting venue to celebrate the big 4-0! In fact, this place was a regular haunt of mine for years and I even had my 17th birthday party here (with my friend Kari the now 40 year old!).We had a party of 16-Kari's family, her parents, siblings and their families. We were seated at a long table and the first thing I noticed is that the decor is exactly the same as it was since we were in high school. The menu changed a little bit, but the salsa and chips were the same too. We had a nice waitress, the iced tea was great and we ordered cheese crisps to start and as a table ordered beef, chicken and shrimp fajitas along with a couple of sides of guacamole.The cheese crisps arrived first and were incredible. Ivy, if you are reading, this is a must have cheese crisp!Better than both Macayo's or Garcia's hands down. Light, crisp and fabulous. In fact I liked the cheese crisps better than the fajitas! The fajitas arrived, the shrimp had good flavor but were small and shriveled looking and obviously overcooked. The steak wasn't as good as I remember it and realized we didn't order the more expensive meat (cadillac) so that could be why. The chicken was perfectly cooked and really good. The tortillas are great-these have been around since before Chevy's hit the Phoenix area and I will admit the guacamole was delicious and quite the surprise. I was thrilled at how good the meal was and even more thrilled to be celebrating with my friend at a place that has so much history within our friendship.For those of you who are Fajita's newbies-here is a warning. This is the type of restaurant that the food smell sticks to you inside and out. I knew we were coming here so I had planned on what to wear-even down to the bra I traveled in and knew I would be doing laundry before I packed to come home the next day. Yep, long running joke about Fajita burps, farts, and clothing and they are all true so beware! Years ago, they didn't have a product like Febreeze. Now that they do, makes eating here a lot easier!
2	My husband and I tried Fajitas tonight for the first and were sorely displeased. Our drinks were mediocre, the salsa was terrible and our food was completely disappointing. The service was good, but we felt like the waitress was rushing us. Overall this was a poor experience. If you are looking for good Mexican food I would recommend Valle Luna. It is far superior.
3	I would have to say that this place is as "american" as you can get when it comes to "mexican" food.  The fajitas are ok and have a decent flavor to them.  I wanted a little more than a pile of onions though, think about adding green, red and yellow peppers also...They gave you chips and salsa when you sit down which is nice but the salsa is very mild and when I asked if they had a spicier salsa they said no but gave me a bottle of Chalula to help.  One good thing is that instead of flour tortillas I asked for corn and they had them, not many places do.  Our waiter was great and made sure we have pleanty of refills on our drinks.
4	The first time I went to Fajitas was before the Internet was around and long before Yelp was invented. I think it was 1988. I don't live in the Valley any more, but I try to get by Fajitas each time I return. The food is as good now as it was then.Bottom line, the place is called Fajitas - so order the damn fajitas!! Don't waste your time on something else on the menu... I usually get the shrimp Fajitas and they come with a solid pile of guacamole, sour cream and cheese. The tortillas are homemade and delicious. The chips and salsa are good as well. Maybe a little mild on the salsa, but that's better than too hot in my opinion. My visit last week included good food and good service. The prices are a little high if you get the 1/2 lb fajitas but you may well have enough to take home for a snack later on.
2	The queso is ridiculously good... seriously. And the homemade tortillas are also outstanding.Aside from that, everything is average at best. As mentioned by others, this is Americanized Mexican cuisine. This is not autentica comida Mexicana, mi amigos!We had been once before and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Hence making it a point to visit again on our most recent trip to Arizona.We started with the chips and salsa set for the table - delicious. I ordered a bunch of queso for the table, and I started with a Tortilla Soup. It was hilariously underwhelming. I made the joke that it was kitchen scraps, and it looked the part. It was light tomato broth with a bunch of vegetables, a gob of cheese and a small corn on the cob on top. Yes, a small corn on the cob is on top. It was lousy and I wouldn't recommend it.We ordered a pound of chicken fajitas and a half pound of vegetable ones (thanks to the vegetarian fiancee). It went surprisingly far for five of us... but the veggies weren't grilled much, which is sad because they were otherwise delicious. Also, the chicken fajitas only had one piece of green pepper and one of red on top. It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).Daniel E. wrote in his review the same concern, that there should be "more than a pile of onions," that he expected at least some green, red or yellow peppers. The fajitas were good and quite filling. The accompaniments were decent - cheese, lettuce, sour cream and the like. Nothing fancy, certainly no frills.So much potential, but it fails on almost everything. It's a true shame. This place needs to be on Restaurant Impossible with Robert Irvine... badly...This time around... the service was really lousy. And my fiancee found a bug deep down in her water. Very disappointing. The waitress first replied confirming what size bug it was, and then explained it and claimed that "we're not dirty, it's just the food smell." Then she apologized and walked away. We think she deducted a soda from the final bill... but nothing else. A bug!And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.Sad to say that we may likely not return in the future. I'm not sure if our family and friends in the greater Phoenix area will either after the bug incident.
3	The fajitas are awesome, which makes up for the fact that the place is not very clean.  Also got queso dip which was.not very good.  Also was disappointed by their beer selection.  They had advertised $3 drafts, but their only choices were bud light & amber bock...no Mexican beers, kinda strange.
3	I heard Fajitas was good if you like....you guessed it...fajitas. As I do indeed enjoy yummy fajitas we decided to check it out on Mother's Day. We had a party of six, so the less than 10 minute wait on a busy day like Mother's Day was impressive. The smell walking in though, funky. I'm not quite sure what it was, but it smelled strange in the place til we were seated next to someone that was just served the hot and steamy fajitas. It was much more pleasant then. We ordered, it's a lil pricey but not horrible and everything looked great. Their chips and salsa were decent, the service was decent and the fajitas were good. The homemade tortillas were definitely the best part. Even the kids noticed the difference. We did have a super yummy dessert. I'm not all that eager to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed to it if someone else wanted to go there. There are other Mexican restaurants I like better though.
4	Shrimp fajitas and fresh tortillas make up for the lousy sides and the okay salsa. Best shrimp fajitas I've experienced to date although that may just be the MSG. Wish they would step up there sides though.
2	Wow, this place misses, by a loooooong shot.Food wise, this place should be rated zero stars, but the server was SO nice and did such a great job, I had to bump it up. If I could rate service alone, I would give this place four stars.Here's the breakdown.I've been here probably over a dozen times over ten years, and it's pretty much always the same. Ambiance is ok, clean but dated. As others have mentioned, the only thing to order here is fajitas, and I did, preceded by a cheese crisp appetizer, which I read was great on Yelp.In short, the simplest stuff at Fajitas is the problem. Their 'salsa' is literally tomato paste and maybe some powdered garlic? It is truly bland and tasteless, remarkably so. It's almost like jr. high cafeteria lady dropouts are making the salsa, it is just a train wreck. I asked our server if they had a hotter (read: flavorful) salsa, and he brought over some hot sauce.The fajitas arrived and they were fair. Portions were good and tortillas were fresh-ish. For some reason the fajitas arrived with raw onions and a trace amount of bell peppers. Maybe i'm doing it wrong, but I was accustomed to grilled onions and peppers- and this wasn't that.The service was the shining star at this spot. Our server was awesome, very attentive and kind, without being annoying. I took my nephew and nieces out to dinner, and there were tons of extra requests, and the server (Mike?) was just really great- so much so that I tipped 30% and let the manager on duty know they had a rock star working there.If this place could just put some effort into the salsa, and a bit more attention to detail, it could be great, but for now I recommend you skip it, and hit up a Mom & Pop spot.
1	TERRIBLE!! 1st clue: Tomato sauce for salsa. 2nd clue: Dirty floors and bathrooms. Fajita's, what Fajita's, they just serve you 4oz of meat and a pound of onions for $17.00. look here for photo http://www.fajitasaz.com/our_menu.html where is the meat - lol...This place is the COCOS of Mexican food, no flavor, no heat, taste like they use canned food and saucesTake some advise and go to NANDO'S Mexican food, way way way better then this place. Don't waste your time or money on Fajita's, It's a cruel joke.I understand it is a wonderful thought to know they cook right in front of you, but I suggest Benihana or any State Fair for that matter. The fajitas at Chili's tasted much better than this place and for much cheaper(chicken and shrimp fajitas for almost $16 or so) !!!! If you are looking for good fajitas try places like Abuelo, Chilis, On the Border, or any other Mexican restaurant but not this. This place for sure does not live up to the hype.This place doesn't even hold a candle when compared to less known restaurants which serve better food for cheap.
4	I grew up going to Fajitas about twice a month and am still a big fan.  The food and service are amazing.  There is no reason to get anything but fajitas at this spot.  We love the chicken and the Cadillac beef the best.  They tortillas are amazing.. They make them right there and are the best in town.The service is always great and this is a good spot for large groups as well.The only reason I gave them 4 stars vs 5 stars is because they need to update the dining room and restrooms.  The place is always clean, but the restrooms are in real need of a major renovation.
3	Standard chain mexican food. I am partial to gut-busting taco shops I guess. Good service although the place always has tons of cars out front every time I pass.
5	After seeing this on twitter we stopped in. A day early for their social media specials but still worth the visit. Wife's dinner had some issues. Manager on duty came out and talked to us, Comped her meal and our Ice Teas. My dinner was awesome. Can't wait to go back.
4	Fa jeetas3.5I have a love hate with you. I love the food, although generally average it all works and works well. The tortillas are a tad thick but that is why I love em. The fajitas are always good. Never had bad quality of meat. The chips, beans, sides are all good. The hate.. I hate stinking when I leave. I also hate the belly ache from the tortillas and water swelling all up in me. The service is usually good. There never is too long on a line.
2	Update:  I realized I had overrated it before. I think i am still being generous with two stars. Basic chain Americanized style of Mexican food. It's alright, but nothing special. Noting that our GPS had it listed under American food and not Mexican should have been the first clue. Totally forgettable and certainly won't be on my list, or on the list of anyone I know, when I come back to Phoenix. There are so many choices around, don't waste your time and money on something so very mediocre.
4	Good value. Lots of food (too much, in my case!). Very good service on a Friday evening. The menu isn't anything special, but there is ample variety and it's prepared well. I would go again.
3	Not my side of town, but it is close to a major freeway and easy to find. The menu in my opinion is somewhat on the limited side but the food is pretty good and the prices aren't too bad, for the amount of food you get.The majority of the cooking is done in the open and in front of all the guests so that is kind of different. As far as the staff, they were all pretty friendly and the service is pretty decent. If you're driving through and don't want to wander off the freeway too far this restaurant might be worth the try if your current craving is for mexican food.
2	We went here yesterday for lunch, it wasnt packed at all and the lunch prices are good. They start you off with chips and salsa. Nothing special at all, I usually love chips and salsa but this salsa was straight up pace picante or somethng similar. Do not go to this place and expect authentic mexican food. We then ordered drinks, Javier had a margarita on the rocks, he loved it and was the perfect flavor and perfect amount of alcohol. We both then got the fajita lunch special, he got chicken with the flour tortillas and I got beef with corn tortillas. It came out in a small skillet but I think it was a perfect portion, I left not feeling too full. Javier on the other hand was too full. He ate the flour tortillas, which were very thick and looked like pancakes. I preffered the corn, not as filling and doesnt leave you stuffed. Im glad I tried this place, I will go back if Javier wanted to, but I wasnt impressed. I could make the same thing at home.
4	Great homemade tortillas (nice and thick)The service is goodThe food is good.Losing a star because they're priced a little high, but if you go family-style and share the whole-pound fajita plate(s) it eases the sticker shock a smidge. Also, try the pork fajitas, they're much better than the chicken.
4	When you go to a place called "Fajitas" you order the dang namesake! I've had all the different fajitas they offer and I love all them, my favorite is the shrimp it's lightly seasoned and grilled to perfection (side note: order the onions and pepper caramelized)! The tortillas are strong enough to fold without tearing yet still have a nice flavor. The toppings are always bright and fresh, the guacamole is legit. My coworker has talked me into always ordering a side of Queso with the free chips and salsa. Albeit the restaurant is old but the staff is super friendly and detail oriented. And yes, no matter what you order you will smell like fajitas so make sure you don't have anywhere special to go after eating here.
4	I love Fajitas.  Have since I started going there as a kid.  Would I recommend anything other than the fajitas?  No, not really.  Its a bit pricey for me to be going very often, its special occasion priced for my budget.  You get a skillet of piping hot meat and onions.  You get a side dish of pico, cheese and sour cream.  For people who like flour tortillas, this is HEAVEN.  they are homemade, thick, puffy, my mom eats them all by themselves and is more than happy.  I like to supplement with a side of beans and guacamole.  When less pregnant, well, much less pregnant I really like their margaritas too.
3	This place gets on my nerves. First off, let me be clear, the food is awesome. Especially, you guessed it....Fajitas!! I always get chicken or with shrimp. They make their tortillas in house, which you can never beat. Really good chips and salsa. A little too good, because I eat too many chips along with that tasty salsa. I have some complaints. The parking lot is a little hard to see in the dark, and if you miss the turn, too bad for you!! Also, inside could definitely be updated. It bothers me that the place is always busy, it's a little pricy, but it's a little dingy on the inside. It's dark, old tables, old booths, old lamps. The portions are big, but it's not a good place for a family on a budget. It's good quality though.3.5
1	Bad service. Really really bad. Food is okay
4	This is no where near my house, but worth the drive.The food is great  the service always a bit lackluster, though you will never go without.  The tortillas are TO DIE FOR.  Like nothing you have ever had.  You get a ton of food for the price and it is simply a no frills place.You come here for the food plain and simple.  If you have never been, do it. at least once..but probably twice.
4	Do not be swayed by the dingy office park that this place is located in or the fact that it looks like a redecorated Ponderosa Steak House.  This place was the ONLY place in the valley that could meet my stringent 4-point criteria for fajita perfection.1) Tortillas must be freshly made in house and of the thick and chewy variety.  CHECK!  As much as I love me a paper thin authentic tortilla to sop up posole or machaca, when it comes to fajitas, I need what I have now learned are sometimes dubbed Texas tortillas that are pillowy, warm and slightly chewy.  Fajitas makes them with skill.  Love.2) The chicken or steak should be grilled, preferably over mesquite.  CHECK!  Charred goodness awaits you, and those guys behind the grill are masters of their craft.3) Steak should be able to be ordered medium rare or rare.  CHECK!  Although you can't specify the temperature of the meat, if you order the Cadillac Fajitas made of beef tenderloin, they come out blissfully mooing in the center.  Heaven.4) Vegetables should be limited to peppers and onions.  No broccoli, mushrooms, squash, whatever, unless you are ordering vegetarian fajitas.  CHECK!  Ok, I know this is nitpicky, but I don't want my meat, pepper and onion experience to be sullied with broccoli.Additionally, if you like shrimp, ORDER THE SHRIMP FAJITAS.  I don't know what they marinate them in or how they cook them, but those babies are like crack.  Pure, unadulterated crack.  Other bonuses - the portions are huge without sacrificing quality, making the whole experience a killer value.  You literally get a raft of guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and cheese to top your fajitas, making a half pound portion plenty to share.  Or don't share and take home the leftovers.  Chips and salsa are yummy, taking up far too much fajita space in your stomach before you eat, the yellow rice is fluffy and delicious, and though the beans are forgettable, the margarita is potent enough to keep you happy regardless.We found this place in a moment of frustration at the fact that we couldn't locate the perfect fajitas in the Valley.  So what do we do?  We Yelp "best fajitas in phoenix" and get (duh!) a restaurant called Fajitas.  If it were a snake, it would've bit us.  We still make the trip to Glendale just to feast at this place and swear to play a round of putt-putt at Castles and Coasters afterwards to walk off the excessive fullness.  Alas, most of the time, we just drive home, happy nonetheless.
4	I live in Southern California and whenever I'm in the PHX are, Fajitas is on my to do list.  Incredible fajitas, I've had the shrimp, chicken, steak and Cadillac (tenderloin filet).  All are incredible but the Shrimp is my favorite, I'm craving them just writing this review.  The seasoning they use is unlike any other I have tasted and the portions are huge.  They are so good, I ordered a half pound portion, ate that and ordered another half pound!  Now I always order the full pound with half shrimp and half either chicken or steak.  Limited beer selection but that's not a big deal.Oh a reviewer below, Michael E. blasted Fajitas for being "an Americanized style of Mexican food" and noted that his GPS listed it under American food, not Mexican.Mike, before you write, please know what you are writing about.  Fajitas are an American food, Tex-Mex to be exact. Your GPS is smarter than you.  They originated in Texas in the 30's and 40's by Mexican cowhands working on Texas ranches.  The American ranch owners would give the Mexican cowboys (vaqueros) the scraps of slaughtered cattle they thought were unusable, one of those scraps was the skirt steak that is still used today in Fajitas. Go to Mexico and try to order Fajitas at a restaurant, they will laugh at you.  But you are from Utah, how would you know that.
2	There are far better Mexican places in Phoenix than this place. The atmosphere feels like a run down diner, their margaritas are not good, and the fajitas were alright I guess. Been there twice and I felt the same coming out both times.
4	I have past this place a million times and always wanted to stop and I finally did. It was good. The only thing that was fabulous was the cheese crisp. It was actually crispy must places its just a soft tortilla with cheese, I can do that in my own microwave. I didn't have the refried beans but they looked watery and not so good. I enjoyed this place and will come back but besides the cheeses crisp it was average but good.
4	Since moving to PHX from KC I've been craving some good fajita's and had yet to find any...until we went to this place last night. I'd done a quick google search and this place kept coming up. Yes, we had to drive awhile to get there but it was totally worth it. As other's have said, its a little dark in the parking lot and the interior leaves a lot to be desired but that's where the bad ended and the good started. We were immediately greeted by a friendly young girl and sat right away. Our server Anthony arrived promptly and took our drink order as we looked over the menu. We opted to get the full pound (half shrimp and half chicken) to share and save us a few bucks. The chips and salsa were really good with the salsa having a bit of a bite to it. Then the main attraction arrived. Holy cow! I've never had tortillas like this! They were fresh off the grill and had this wonderful buttery smell. After filling mine with chicken and all the toppings, I was in fajita heaven! These were the best I've ever had. My bf raved about the shrimp as well. We proceeded to eat way more than we should have but when something is that good, its hard not to. The guacamole side I ordered was good but I have had better so I might skip the $3 upcharge for it next time, but there will most definitely be a next time. SOON.Throughout our meal, Anthony provided outstanding service in my book. Kept my diet coke full throughout and just filled it up, rather than asking, interrupting conversation as some waiters do.  He had perfected the unobtrusive service that I love, where they just take care of you and let you eat. Full drinks and constant tortillas as he anticipated our needs without us asking. Its rare to find that!We will definitely be back!
4	The food was good. A bit spicy,. the chips and salsa oh plenty. Salsa a bit warm, but Im a grengo. Price somewhat high. Didn't have a lunch menu? All- in all would try again.
3	This restaurant was featured on Check Please Arizona and the reviews were really really awesome on that show. We drove quite a while to get here and the food and ambiance were just mediocre. Nothing like what the people on the show said. The Shrimp Fajitas were good and their chips and salsa are really good. The seating is dark antd dingy if you are not in front of the windows. Ask for a booth near the windows. We also had the vegetarian fajitas which were okay. The sides are way too much and no one really needs to eat THAT much sour cream. The server we had was a delight and very attentive. I will probably not go here again considering it is very far from me and very greasy food. They did let me know that they do not use lard or other animal products to cook their food with including their tortillas, in case you are wondering.
4	I have no complaints about the fajitas at Fajitas. We like to order a pound of the steak fajita which is more than enough for two people and leftovers. The chips and tortillas are delicious. No matter how busy this place is, the servers are always great. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, the fajitas are always the best :)
4	Wow I cannot believe how long it has been since I have updated my review. Since finding Fajitas I have become a fan, just cannot get enough of the homemade tortillas, if you haven't tried them, you are missing out! And for the many times that I have been there the taste of the food as remained the same, perfect & delicious.Went with a party of friends, about ten in our party, we had found out that Fajitas does not do reservations, but we did give them the heads up that we are a party of ten and we are showing up around 5ish, so we got their and had to wait a few mins, but we didn't mind, gave us time to mingle with each other before being seated.I still can't tell you what other items they have the on the menu, because I keep coming back for the beef fajitas which come with a plate of cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream, for me all this is enough, but you can order beans & rice to go with your jamming fajitas.Yep you can bet I will be be back!
3	Was just sort of mediocre for me.... I think it's just a matter of personal taste.Chips were very good for my taste.  Thin restaurant style and tasted fresh.  Service was also very good.  Our waitress was attentive, always topped off drinks, made sure things were good for our table...I thought they were a bit pricey seeing as the there wasn't anything that set their fajitas apart from any other Mexican restaurant.  I think somewhere around 20 bucks for a pound of fajitas.  Margs were nearly 6 bucks and a draft was about 3.  The part that made me rate this a ' just eh' was their tortillas.  I prefer a tortilla that lets all the other ingredients stand out.  Their tortillas were more like pitas.  You had to pile in a lot of meat to be able to get taste through their thick tortillas.  Like I said, maybe a matter of taste as others on here seem to like their tortillas.
4	I was nervous the first time we pulled up to Fajitas, it looks like an old NJ highway diner that someone converted into a Mexican restaurant by adding a few decorative tiles and sombreros.  It looks that way on the inside too but I had faith in the friends that brought me.  Fast forward six months and I've been to fajitas quite a few times.I'm addicted to their veggie fajitas!  I love the fact that they add zucchini, the veggies are always fresh and a firm with a smoky flavor and the tortillas are outstanding.  As mentioned, the sides of sour cream, cheese, and pico are enormous.  Their queso is delicious and the chips and salsa are always great.  I tried a cheese quesadilla there too, it was tasty but way too big for one person.  Service is always excellent and the food comes out at light speed which is awesome when you're on your lunch hour.  The lunch specials are cheap too.It's a very casual spot where you'll see everything from office workers grabbing a bite to regulars pounding mid day shots.  I'll get there for dinner eventually but for now, Fajitas will remain a solid go to spot on my lunch rotation.
4	This is our local, family friendly go-to for Mexican style food. My husband loves the shrimp fajitas and I like The Border Dinner (can't beat the pice for the amount of food you get!). The tortillas are so tasty, plus they give small balls of dough to the kids to play with before dinner. Win win.
3	It's pretty standard Mexican food but the standouts are the tortillas.  Even if you aren't a "fajita person", you should suck it up and have them here just so you can experience the hybrid fry bread/tortilla combo they have going on.  Our server was prompt and friendly.  I fully expected that we'd have to wait on a Friday evening but we didn't which was great.  The margaritas need some work.  They taste like the Cuervo version in grocery stores.  (I like the Cuervo version but obviously, I can have that at home.)  More veggies in the fajitas would be great too.  The chicken was super tasty but they sat atop a pile of raw-ish onions.  There was A ring of green pepper and A ring of red pepper.  (More peppers please!)  It's a loud atmosphere so if you're looking for a venue to have "that conversation", I would suggest going elsewhere.
2	overpriced.paying for the experience and the nice wait staff.$28/lb of shrimp fajitas. nice but more than we would like to spend.extra tortillas. lots of grilled onions. mild sauce.we saw lots of little kids, surprised families could afford it, suspect it is a very special outing for most people so economy is not the issue.good smells comfortable surroundingsvery attentive staff.probably desires a 3 star but $20+ per person bugs me.
5	I discovered this place when I was 10 years old, I fell in love with it right away.  I see people complain about the rice and beans, guess what its called Fajitas and not Rice & Beans.  I am now 33 and live in NYC and I make sure to go here within the first day or two of being home visiting.  Shrimp and chicken fajitas are the best, not to mention the salsa and cheese crisps.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
5	I love this place. The chips and salsa are great. Love the chicken fajitas. Extra grilled onions are my favorite. Tortillas are a little thick, but still very good. When I order fajitas in other places I am always disappointed.
5	We go here a lot...  So much food - you will definitely be full...
4	Excellent service and food was delicious. We loved the fajitas and the homemade tortillas! Drinks were "eh"..Service was good considering it was super busy.I would go back again, however, it isn't in a close radius to where we live now, so I could probably find something closer..
4	Love the handmade tortillas!  So scrumptious.The queso is awesome, but severely overpriced ($4?  Come on).Usually always get the shrimp fajitas to share; only tried a menu item once, and it was good.Love it here; just not a fan of walking out smelling like grilled onions.
4	Fajitas will always have a special spot in my heart because some of my fondest family and friend memories took place here. My family brought me here at least once a month when I was still in elementary school. Then, in high school, my friends would meet me there on Fridays when we got out of school early. I barely went there while I was out of town in college, and now that I'm in a new stage in life, I had the recent opportunity to see it again. I could not believe that place was still open!! It's one of the few restaurants that has survived the decades. You can see that many restaurants have come and gone, but Fajitas still stands, proud and tall!Their tortillas are unique in texture and flavor. It's not your typical tortilla that you get at the many Mexican restaurants around town. I wouldn't really categorize it as traditional. It's not quite the Chili's Americanized type tortillas either. Regardless, their tortillas are made fresh right before your eyes and they taste wonderful! The menu is fairly standard and simple. By the restaurant's title, they stay specialized in what they know, making great tortillas for fajitas. They have regular flank steak fajitas or the more richer Cadillac steak style fajitas. If red meat is not your desire, then they also have other chicken and veggie types available. The sides like rice and beans have never been included  with the entree. They've always been separate, but that sure hasn't stopped anyone from coming here. I love that they have many types of drink specials throughout the week! That's what makes it such a great place to look forward to going to on weekends!
5	Fantastic!!!!! Chicken! Beef! Shrimp!!!!!! In house tortillas  and margaritas!!!
5	I've driven past this place a hundred times, and never gave it a try because I thought it was just another chain. When it was featured on "Check Please," the fam and I decided to go there. Boy am I glad we did. The tortillas are what make this place. They are melt-in-your-mouth wonderful (they make them on the premises, and you can even watch them if you're bored!). We had the Cadillac fajitas, which were dynamite. I don't think I can ever order fajitas again at another place, simply because these tortillas were, if I can mention again, fantastic.  For dessert, we split the apple pie. It came on a skillet WITH SIZZLING BUTTER ON THE BOTTOM. Sizzling. Butter. Stick a fork in me. I'm done.
5	Fantastic!!!!! Chicken! Beef! Shrimp!!!!!! In house tortillas  and margaritas!!!
2	I might need to try this place again to see if my order just got messed up. I ordered a vegetarian fajita to go. The guac was good and fresh. There were no tortillas and no beans so I had to buy a bag of peanuts after I ate this since I was still hungry. I do not eat a lot at one time as well. Aren't veggie fajitas supposed to come with beans?
5	Best fajitas outside of Mexico!  Fantastic service and great prices!
5	To have the ability to accommodate a 35 person reservation on a Friday evening is to go above and beyond in their ability to provide good service. We had 2 servers who worked VERY hard to keep our drinks full. Our food was served hot, on time, and the could not have been better. Our fajitas were DELISH--to the point where all of our first timers in the group said they will DEFINITELY be back.  Thank you Fajitas for going above and beyond!
5	Ahhhh! I've loved this place for years and it was such a treat to get to this side of town and have some wonderful fajitas. I'm a big fan of restaurants that concentrate on one thing and do it well, and this place does not waver from that. All the food is made in the middle of the restaurant so you can watch with your mouth watering as they freshly grill the tender meats and spicy onions for your meal. I always get the "Cadillac Fajitas" which is beef tenderloin--a little more expensive than the regular steak but worth every penny. And the tortillas (oh the tortillas!!!!!!) are so doughy, buttery, and just plain delicious! The service is always on point, and margaritas are strong...you just can't go wrong with this place!
5	I've died and gone to Fajita heaven this place is amazing. You can't get enough of the Tortillas homemade and fresh  the flavors of the beef and chicken are very tasty and the SHRIMP AMAZING.. was there for a dear friends birthday and the waiters kept up on chips and drinks for us and when our food came out they made sure we had everything. It was a great experience. I love this place. Just wish there was one in the east valley
4	Service was great, chips & salsa were great too. I would have liked a little hotter, but good flavor. Fajitas were good, nachos not so much. They didn't rush us which was nice. Prices were reasonable. We would go back again.
5	I grew up eating here and I can tell you that it never disappoints. The food is so delicious, pricey yes but worth it. You have to have the fajitas here, that is the staple and what they do really well. After moving 3 hours away I have been craving this place non-stop and finally made the trip yesterday. I had a special request and they had no problem accommodating me. If I could give them 10 stars I would. You will stink bad when you leave here and your wallet will be empty but I promise it will be worth it!
5	Awesome, attentive service!  Our family of four, plus my parents, met at Fajita's to celebrate my husband's birthday.  I emailed the restaurant a few days prior, to find out what accommodations they could provide, if any, for my mom who has a severe gluten allergy.  I received a prompt response from Mike S, one of the managers, who assured me that they could cook the corn tortillas in an area separate from the flour tortillas.  He told me to ask for a manager upon arrival, and they'd take these extra steps for my mom.Sure enough, the (female) manager working tonight was on top of things, and made sure my mom's food was kept away from items containing flour.  We all were very impressed with the quality of both the shrimp and the Cadillac steak fajitas.  Our kids even loved the proteins, and went back for seconds a few times.  The chips and salsa were pretty good as well.   The best part of our visit was the attentive service.  Our server was absolutely fantastic--prompt with taking our order, with refills, and with removing our plates afterwards.  She was cheerful, polite and just an absolute pleasure all around.
5	I have been coming here since it opened in the 80's as a kid. I still come at least 1 to 2 times a month. My 7 and 9 year old insist on coming, and having their birthday dinners here. Food is wonderful. You get the best service at the bar, sit with Mike or Peter.T hey make great margaritas, homemade tortillas, and awesome fajitas. The salsa is usually the best around, but just every once in awhile you will get a miss. The queso is a must. We always get shrimp and cadillac fajitas. Great for the money as well.
3	All that was missing were The Griswolds and cousin Eddie. I immediately saw that this place was a hit with the locals because it wasn't very pretty. However, it smelled delicious and I bet the fajitas were amazing. Some friends and I went for margaritas and appetizers; specifically, Chili Con Queso. Damn, it was good! I had three bowls! And so were our margaritas. Delicious! But the appearance needed a make over asap! Sorry, but this restaurant belonged in Laughlin, NV. If you've been there, you'll know what I mean. It was like nothing had changed since 1979. I don't see myself going back. Sorry friends!
5	This is THE best place to get fajitas. Their tortillas are made there, one the spot. The salsa tastes so fresh. Any meat you get for the fajitas is always amazing. The service is so good, my family and I are in and out in no time. We live about 45 mins away but still drive here often for dinner. It is a great place to take the kids too! My favorite restaurant in the state.
3	I don't know what it is but I just thought the quality has gone down since when we used to come here all the time. The salsa was very bland and extremely thin. I like my salsa thick and chunky. The chips were good however. We started off with a cheese crisp and a side of guacamole. I liked how the cheese crisp came with a side if diced green chilis but they were cold. Would have been much better if they would have cooked them onto it. The guacamole was alright however I found myself adding a bit of salt for flavor. There were three of us and we ordered a 1/2 pound of shrimp and a 1/2 pound of chicken. They really skimp on the bell peppers. You only get one little slice on the top and it's not even grilled in with the rest of the onions. In my opinion bell peppers are a normal part of fajitas - not an afterthought. The homemade tortillas they serve you are good although they are much bigger and thicker than they used to be. I definitely do not like that change. I prefer smaller thinner ones so you can eat more of them since I like to mix them up and have a different variety of toppings on each one. So it was an okay dinner but not someplace I am going to run back to anytime soon.
3	I've been to Fajitas a couple times with my co-workers for lunch. I had chicken fajitas with a margarita. It's the perfect lunch portion. They come with enough sliced chicken, red and green bell peppers for about 3 fajitas.  I recommend adding a side of guacamole to go along with the pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream.  The tortillas are also made fresh however they are a little thicker than your average tortilla.  The staff is extremely friendly and they get your food and check to you very fast which is great if you have to run back to work. The margaritas aren't too potent but they are flavorful.   They have a variety of lunch specials to you to choose from and reasonably priced. My lunch itself was $7.99.
3	I come here because this is where my husband's aunt and family come. We are very happy with Mike the bartender's service and he gets 5 stars. The food takes a bit to get to you and I think the tortilla is a bit thick. Its a nice place.
1	I'm from southern Cali and I feel I know really good Mexican food. The only thing that was good was the chips and that's about it. For a place called fajitas, the fajitas were terrible. The price for what you got was bad. The service was below average. I will not be going back.
5	Many visits later, I'm still loving this place.  Food is consistently good, service is always quick, portions are large, and prices you can't beat.  The queso and veggie fajitas as still my favorites but I've branched out a little to try the taco salad (enormous, fresh, delicious) and they have a layered dip that's served hot and is off the hook.  Sad that someone can navigate to Yelp to give this poor little place a bad review but is too lazy to do their own research in advance to eliminate surprises (pictures inside and out, list of what is included with meals and prices of items are all available on their website).  This place is pretty far from our office but we love it so it's worth the trip.
4	For fajitas, this is THE place to go. The name says it all. Plus anything grilled is also amazing. Huge veggies, perfectly prepared. Service ids consistently good. But margaritas are a little watered down and cheese crisps are just so-so. Warning: After you leave, you will smell like one of their sizzling fajita plates. Been coming here for 10 years and that's a guarantee each time. Oh yeah, the relish plate for your fajitas? Get the guac. Yummmm.
3	Have passed by this place on the I-17 countless times, but never gave it a shot.  My co-workers have loved coming here for lunch for years so I decided to join them this time.  The place looks and feels like a mix between a Chili's and a Mexican cantina.  The decor won't wow you, but it'll definitely remind you of some of the big family chain restaurants.  There were six of us and the group decided to split 3 half pound shrimp fajita platters.  We also got chips with queso dip.  The queso dip didn't impress me all that much as it was a little watery.  I prefer my queso dip a little more hearty.  As for the fajitas, pretty impressive for a couple of reasons.  The shrimps were cooked perfectly with the onions, spices, and peppers.  And even more impressive were the house made tortillas.  Fresh, warm, soft, and tastes perfect with the meat and veggies.  Between the fajitas and the chips, we were all plenty full from lunch.I'd also like to mention the very attentive service we received.  The manager came over numerous times to ensure our order was correct and that we were taken care of.  Our waitress actually mixed up one of our fajita platters, so the manager came over with some additional items to snack on for free while we waited.  Nice touch.  Outside of the mixup, the waitress we had was very friendly and accommodating.Fajita's isn't going to wow you with authenticity nor does the look of the place really stand out all that much from some of the big suburban chain restaurants.  But as an independent family friendly Mexican food joint, it excels at delivering good service and a decent product.  The prices are reasonable and the location is convenient to one of Phoenix's most travelled roads.  Among the multitude of Americanized Mexican restaurants in the valley, you could certainly do a lot worse than this place
3	We have been back to this place three different times since our first incredible visit and sadly, none have been as good as the first. The service has been good for the most part and the prices are still reasonable but the fajita's have just not lived up to that first time. The tortillas don't seem as fluffy and light and the toppings seem less than quality. I'm not sure if its because that one time I was starving when we got there or if the quality has really gone down hill. The cheese is bright orange, the tortillas seem overly heavy and smell of lard and the overall quality of ingredients just seem sub-par. I don't think after the 3 attempts of ordering the exact same meal to recreate our first experience, we'll continue trying. I do think the place is descent and would be okay if you're really craving fajitas but don't mind mid-grade food quality.
5	So happy to be back at my most favorite restaurant. Such a perfect atmosphere to spend time with family around the best salsa and chips in town.
5	Born and raised in this place for the most part. I've been coming here for over twenty years. This restaurant is not traditional Mexican food but it makes no claims to be. The fajitas here are the best in Phoenix hands down. The seasoning on the meat and shrimp is perfect, the salsa and queso are both fantastic. The customer service is phenomenal.
5	I've been going here since 1996 after moving back to Phoenix from Orange County, CA...All the food is great. I recommend the Cadillac Steak Fajitas. Guacamole instead of sour cream. The chips, salsa, tacos and burritos are great too. Everyone I take that comes from out of town LOVES the food here.
5	Best queso ever!  Love the shrimp and vegetable fajitas with corn tortillas!  And if there is room, the sizzling apple pie is heaven!
1	Been to many good mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area.  This was NOT one of them.  Ate at the bar, no TV, not the greatest selection of draft beer, the chips were like eating cardboard, and the burrito I had didn't have much flavor.  The queso topping was watery and bland.
3	This was my go to lunch spot years ago and we decided to pop in my last visit to Phoenix. The food is still really tasty, nothing fancy but good. Try the tropical apricot margarita-it's delicious, one of the best I've had! Just as their name says it's all about fajitas..steak, chicken, pork, veggies and more. Their portions are big and come with sour cream, cheese and salsa. Guac is extra which is a bummer. The only bad thing about the visit? Their queso was soupy which was kind of gross-thicker queso would've made it perfect. Overall, still a good experience and for their lunch prices, it can't be beat.
2	The food was decent, but prices were stupid expensive. The lunch portions were minimal for $8.50, the 1/2# fajitas were $20. Small sides of guacamole are $2.25. Given the early 90's cheese decor, your money would be well spent elsewhere.
3	It was OK but nothing to write home about. Service was great but was not impressed. Both kids meals were cold and did not taste good for the kids or the adults when we tried then. Our fajitas were OK but nothing special. If your in the area not a bad place but not worth a special trip.
3	Nice place not great. Salsa was weak packed absolutely no punch. Shared a 1lb plate with steak and chicken steak was good chicken was while not dry wasn't really seasoned at all, meat is supposed to be mesquite grilled but couldn't detect any in any if the meats. Sever was good but seemed to be going through the motions as a veteran server, no extra attention or unnecessary distractions. Probably not return unless in the area will get steak not chicken.
5	Okay, people, you have to order fajitas at Fajitas! It's seems like most people who have given this place bad reviews didn't try the signature dish. Our favorite is the shrimp fajitas and a small order of queso. I always ask for the onions well done because Otherwise they are mostly raw. My husband's family has been coming here for years and we continue to come a couple times a month. Jamie is an exceptional server and remembers everyone and what their order is. And we love the tortillas! Always freshly made and they're definitely not stingy with them!
4	I think this place is great. The food is terrific, the staff is great. The location and parking are fine. This is nothing fancy, but it's fast and good. So, mainly, they serve Fajitas but there are other things on the menu. I've never eaten any of them and, in fact, I never even looked at them. We get  1/2 pound of the "Cadillac" which is filet mignon for the meat and it's plenty for two of us. I'd be just as happy with skirt steak or chicken but we like to upgrade things when we can. It comes with sour cream, cheddar cheese and some kind of tomato/onion salsa. Oh, and you get chips and salsa before the meal!! I got a "salad" as part of my meal. I don't recommend it. It was tiny and expensive for a slice of tomato and iceberg. The grilled zucchini is a nice add on if you want more food. The food, overall, is a tad bit high for the kind of place this is, IMHO. You have to order the extras separately, but those are things like beans, rice and guacamole.  But, I didn't deduct much for that experience. But, the decor is old. It looks like this place has been around a long time and everything is showing wear and looks a bit dated. Charming in a way, but not that much. Maybe in 25 more years it'll be charming in a good way, if they wait it out. LOL. I enjoy this place and look forward to eating there when we can.  I always leave full and happy.
5	I've been coming to Fajita's for ages but haven't been here in a long time cause it's so far away. Today was my lucky day to come here. This place has the best fajita's bar noneThere is always a long waiting line so I recommend that you get here by 6pm on the weekends. We had a small party so we only waited for about 5 minutes. The chips and salsa is so good. Chips are always so fresh and the salsa is on mild side but really good. We ordered a half a pound of pork and half pound of chicken with two sides of Mexican rice. The tortilla's are the best in town. No one can even match these tortilla's. A little thicker than most but so good. Pork and chicken (all white meat) was so tasty with onions and bell peppers. Each order comes with a side of cheddar cheese, guacamole, pico de gallo. BTW, it comes with sour cream but we switched it to guacamole with no extra charge. As always, fajita's were great and we really enjoyed it. As for the service, our server didn't let us wait and had our drinks at our table right ways. Once we ordered, our food was on our table in a flash. The server was great and kept on refilling our drinks all the time. I had a brain freeze and paid for our meal and walked out. Our server ran us down and personally delivered my credit card. Very cool and I appreciate all the extra effort he gave to make sure I got my credit card in the parking lot. As i said before, best fajita's in the city, best tortilla's and wonderful service. Another great evening and great meal. Come ready to fill your tummy. Enjoy.
5	Perfect spot for fajitas And many other Mexican dishes. Fajitas portions are half of pound or full pound. And trust me its fresh and delicious. Happy hour 4 to 7pm. Make sure your hungry when you go. I'll highly recommend this spot.
2	I used to come here almost weekly but the prices keep going up and the past few times the tortillas have consistently been hard and chewy, I got tired of asking for fresh ones... The salsa is inconsistent also, hot one day then like tomato sauce the next, too bad because this was one of my favorites restaurants....
1	Horrible service and food. Worst beef Enchilada I have ever had, even I know Mexican Rice doesn't have peas and corn in it, and margarita tasted like it was poured from a can. This is not considered real Mexican restaurant in my eyes. Was definitely a waste of money!!
4	Great food and service has always been attentive only negative is making groups wait in the lobby until everyone arrived especially when the joint is not busy. It would be nice to have apps, a drink and visit during the wait.
5	I've been eating here since the mid 80's when it first opened. Always the best fajitas I've ever had.
5	My wife and I came here on our first date over 19 years ago and we still come here. I have never had a bad experience or meal here. The service is always excellent. When friends and family come to visit this is the first stop after the airport.
4	I can't say how good the shrimp fajitas are....you'll have to try them yourself. Best fresh flour tortillas served warm. I love thisRestaurant and have been coming here for 25 years. Try it....
5	Mmm this place is so good I drive from Tucson to eat here. I have order the Cadillac.
3	I've been coming here since the 80's when the restaurant first opened. I love Fajita's - the best dish is their namesake. Warm fresh chips and mild salsa is served upon arrival. We always get the shrimp (sometimes chicken). The tortillas are cooked fresh in house, and they are awesome.  The food is great and the service is great. The only reason I can't give more stars is because this place REALLY needs an update. It still looks like it's from the 80's. The carpet is really old, the walls need to be repainted - dirty looking and scuffed, hand scrawled signage that says to "watch your step" (can they get professional signs at least?)  the booth we were in had a piece of wood trim falling off into the booth with nails exposed (if management reads this, we sat in the back, along the window) and the bathrooms are really old (original?) There used to be a long wait to get in on the weekends - now, you just walk right in. I got the feeling they must be strapped for cash if they can't update the decor from 1986. Even the reviews on the walls from magazines are from the 80's. It's time to come into 2014 and freshen up. Decor aside, the fajitas are great and I hope they will be in business for years to come. I just got the feeling the restaurant itself wasn't doing too well.
5	Come hungry!!! The veggie fajitas are amazing!!! :) Onions, red & green peppers, black olives, zucchini, cheese & pico + sour cream. Awesome! Tortillas are fresh and I can't wait to go back!!!
4	Chips, mexican pizza and of course fajitas are great.  Your clothes will definitely smell like fajitas for the rest of the day.
1	Don't waste your time. Ordered fajitas and the onions were raw! Chicken was bland no flavor. The rice tasted like something out of a box minus the salt. We will never go back. You think Phoenix would have great Mexican food but I can't seem to find any.
4	Love the shrimp fajitas! Always consistently good. Service is usually good but now and then can be a little inattentive and slow. We've been eating here since 1997 and visit regularly.
5	Oh my gosh these fajitas are to die for.   The tortillas are hand made, hot and fresh.  I love the veggie fajitas -- they come heaped on a sizzling pan - peppers, onions, black olives, all caramelized and topped with seasoned grilled zucchini. The onions and peppers are WAY better even than the ones you get with the meat veggies, so everyone always steals mine. But there's plenty! Tell them you're vegan and they sub guacamole for the cheese and sour cream on the condiment dish, free of charge. I love this place!
4	The fajitas are always good, but the place seriously need a renovation.. It still looks the same from when I was kid.. LOL .. They also need more beers on tap cuz this 3 beer selection just doesn't cut it. Other than that I would recommended this place to anyone anytime.
3	Great service, friendly atmosphere - Kira did a great job! Over the food is average and not all that spicy. May be time to update the pink tables and outdated tile too.
3	Used to love this place and we went several times a year for family birthdays and special occasions.  Last several times we have gone the steak has been over cooked and very bland.  Sadly I think we are done eating here.
5	Fajitas is the only place I will eat fajitas. Usually do dinner there with friends every two months or so and have been doing so for 10+ years.  There are five of us and we always order 1 1/2 pounds of pork fajitas, nothing like being in a rut, but they're the best so why switch. I thought it was finally time to write a review.Last night was no different, same time, same place and same order. We were seated quickly in a large both. Chips and salsa to start with sodas and iced tea for all. Chips are OK and the salsa has just enough kick. Placed our order with what turned out to be the BEST server we've ever had at Fajitas, Tiana. We've never had poor service at Fajitas, but Tiana was above and beyond. Always a smile, drink glasses never got below half before she brought another refill and our order came out spot-on. Tiana kept checking back and brought everything before we had to ask, that's good service! Pork fajitas didn't disappoint and come with fresh tortias and more as needed.If you want great Fajitas this is the place to go. I can't comment on any other food items because I've never tried anything else. I kind of have my favorite places to go depending on what I'd like to eat.
3	This place is always just okay. The food is okay, the service is okay, the whole experience is really just okay. I had the seafood enchilada tonight and again, it was just okay. I never think to go here because it's forgettable.
5	I've been coming to fajitas since I was a kid. Food and service have consistently been great. My whole family loves coming here. We always get the fajitas. I love the veggie fajitas, husband prefers pork, but everything we've had has been good. Can't get enough of their salsa!
5	The best salsa and chips as well as grilled zucchini. Their homemade tortillas are amazing.
2	Very average. Good service, friendly staff. Remind me of Mexican places from the 80s that didn't have particularly good flavor, so they just overwhelm you with stuff (guac, sour cream, pico, etc.)
4	Food is fresh.  Sat a bar staff very friendly.  Food delicious.  Had the enchilada Guadalajara. .Awesome
5	Omg.best fajitas ever!!! Don't just take it from me experience it yourself.  Did I say Cadillac steak...omg!!!
5	Best fajitas ever! Love this place! Love the food! Love the the environment!  Great place to take your family!
5	Me and my family ate at this restaurant recently after a long day at the boat drag races. We had a waiter named david, and I can honestly say I have never had such a good waiter. There was no waiting around for him, he was on top of everything, and never had to tell him anything twice. In fact,  I talked to his manager and explained to her how great he (David) was. A stand up guy for sure. We had a big plate of beef and chicken fajitas and there's was nothing to complain about, great food. Drinks and food were great and the service was above the rest, 5 stars and two thumbs up!
3	We got in right away and the food is good as well as the margaritas.  I ordered Seafood quesadillas with no cheese (I'm pescitarian).  I'm thinking I should have had the fajitas they're famous for instead.  Regardless, it was fast and tasty
5	I live in California but when I come to visit my in laws this is my FAVORITE place to go. The food is all so fresh and a lot for the great price and my kids enjoy the environment and they get to make roll out their own tortillas great fun and great food for everyone. Thanks Fajitas for always making me want to come here every time I visit Phoenix :)
5	Better than expected.. Good service, reasonable prices.. Awesome Nacho's, good Taco salad, sat at the bar.. It was fun watching them make the food..
3	I found this a little on the pricey side. We ordered the Cadillac Fajitas for two of us. There were like 6 small slices of meat. I mean, it was enough to feed us, but the price of $21.95 was very high for this amount of food, in my opinion. Waiter got our order wrong and when we brought it to his attention, he said it would be another 20 minutes or so to fix it, so we just ate what we had. Also, the waiter let us run out of water and once we had paid our check, never filled our water glasses again. We were on an extended dinner visit with friends we had not seen in a long time. I can understand not filling our water glasses if the place was crowded and they needed the table, but there were two other parties in the entire restaurant. We ran out or water, so we ate our ice, but when we ran out of ice, we had to leave.The only reason I gave it three stars is that the food was really, really delicious.
5	Never had anything but the fajitas here...because they are the best in town!  If you want multiple meats, ask for one pound of meat with half of it beef and half of it chicken (for example).  Cheaper than ordering 1/2 lb of each.  Good service.  Great salsa and salsa con queso.  I repeat, BEST FAJITAS!
3	Fajitas are expensive and just OK.  The dinners are very good and HUGE.
4	I'm really glad I saw the Check Please! Arizona episode for this place. Upon entering the restaurant, you smell the cooking meat. Like you can open your mouth and chew the air. The kitchen is set up in the center of the restaurant. We weren't seated in a place to easily view it, but the cooking theater certainly creates a savory perfume that makes you want to float over like some Looney Tunes character.Like any good Mexican place, they serve up tortilla chips and salsa. Both met our approval. My son is autistic and only eats tortilla chips and potato chips in restaurants, and he pretty much inhaled these things.Then came the difficult decision: which fajitas? They offer chicken, beef, pork, Cadillac (which, to the disappointment of any visiting goats, is not car but beef tenderloin), shrimp, and vegetable. There are a lot of other options, too, and other vegetarian-friendly things, but we were there for MEAT.We ordered 1/2 pound pork and 1/2 pound Cadillac-style. I asked for corn tortillas along with flour.A short time later, our food was delivered. The full pound of meat was served upon a mound of grilled onions along with some red and green peppers and a chunk of lemon. On a side dish, they have add-ins like sour cream, lettuce, and pico de gallo.Then there are the tortillas. Honestly? I'd come here just for the fresh tortillas. They are divine. The flour tortillas have perfect chewiness and can hold a lot of meat. The corn tortillas impressed me in an additional way--since they are fresh, they are flexible. None of that brittle, crack-in-half behavior like standard store ones.There was much om-nom-nomming. The amount of food was just about perfect for us. The meat had flavor without being spicy; mind you, my husband like super-hot food with a kick, but he still enjoyed this. It's a place I could easily take my parents. And those tortillas. Good grief. If I am on my death bed and requesting deliciousness, those are on the top of my list.
1	Went this evening. Unremarkable. Weak margaritas, fajitas had chicken and beef, a bit of onions and one slice of green pepper and one slice of red pepper. This all cost $50. Service was good. Note no handrail on entrance stairs dangerous when wet. Won't go back and won't recommend.
