4	Having driven past Gina's several times and wondering about the food, my husband and I decided to try it this evening.  We are always on the look out for good Italian, we definitely found some this evening. Gina's a very nice, very cozy neighborhood bistro with  wonderful authentic Italian cuisine.  I had the gnocchi alla quatro formaggi, which was outstanding.  My husband likes his meat sauce and pasta and was very happy with his meal.  We both had good food and next time will check out the dessert selection. The menu has a good variety and is priced very reasonably.  The service was wonderful, the staff is very friendly and extremely knowledgeable and food is fabulous. (Oh, in case you're wondering, there really is a Gina!)
4	Everything we had was very well done. Very good fresh pasta. And the salads are excellent. Very friendly staff and great service. It is a very small restaurant (super cozy!) so be prepared for that.  Also no liquor for sale but it is bring your own wine!
5	Te only thing negative is that it is not open later. The food is great. service is impecable
1	My second time there was a horrible experience. Gina herself told the waiter to stop telling us what's good for the day's menu and told him "they're young they don't know nothing, don't waste your time on them". We were the first people to arrive and order and the smallest group but our food was last to come out and we began to notice that all the waiters, waitress, and Gina herself was entertaining other customers and left us out. I will never go back there again especially after I have told Gina myself that I did not enjoy the service and she just walked away.
4	We finally ate at this italian bistro and we just live down the street.  It was definitely satisfying.  As we walked in we were taken aback as we didn't expect a cute little restaurant.  The past restaurants that were in this location were fast food so that's what we were expecting.  Gina's Bistro has an intimate cute setting with only 40 seats.  They offered fantastic customer service and great pastas especially the dessert.  Their dessert menu is a book!!!  So many to choose from but it hit the spot!
4	My girlfriend suggested we have dinner here tonight at the last minute.  I had the field green salad with italian dressing (perfect) and the daily special of creamy risotto with large pieces of shrimp (a wonderful blend of tastes).It was not too busy, but because it is a small space the noise level rose quickly.  Gina took our drink order and brought me the red wine instead of the white, but she quickly corrected that and said her mind was somewhere else.  Definitely a "family" feeling and it seemed to have quite a few repeat customers sitting around us.
5	We heard about this place last year from a friend and hadn't had the chance to go. As it was my birthday- my boyfriend decided that was as good a time as any to give it a try.It is small, but cozy- like a family owned place should be. There were several other tables, but we were seated quickly, drink order taken and specials explained  from the new owner, Rosa. She and her family now run the place, having bought it from Gina in October. It was lovely to be served by the whole family (mother, father and son)- something rare in Las Vegas! Apparently most of the menu has stayed the same, with a few new dishes and some regional tweaks to make it more authentic to reflect the origin (Naples) of the new owners.We ordered a glass of wine each, caprese (amazing balsamic), cioppino and farfalle with mushrooms in a light cream sauce. All of it was top notch and could have easily been double the price on the strip.Service was attentive but not overbearing and once the rest of the tables had left, we had a very lovely chat with the new owners.Dessert was a canolli and tiramisu- both made in house and both very well made! The tiramisu wasn't heavy at all- light as a feather. We had espresso and a capuccino as well- both hand made and not from an automatic machine. I could go back for that alone they were so good!You can bring your own wine- which is nice if you like higher end wine, as the selection is limited (but adequate) and the family will go out of their way to make your experience or celebration a night to remember.Portions run on the generous side- which means we get to enjoy  the leftovers  tomorrow at lunch! Prices are moderate to low for the quality and quantity, many items at other off-strip locations run double.For those who didn't have a good experience previously- I would say return and experience the new owners- they are very nice and gracious. We can't wait to go back and bring our friends:)
4	i give it 4 star because yay im a fan and have only gone once but will go back for sure. luved the feel of the family italian experience. cant wait to make it to italy. these people teased me with their italian ways.
4	This is the place we go when we want some authentic italian food.  Their menu is not huge but has a little bit of everything.  Always hommade, fresh, and tasty, and if you're not happy, they will make it right.  They also claim to make something not on the menu for you if you want, though we've never taken advantage of this.  Total mom and pop type place with the family running, serving, socializing.The place is kind of small and can get loud...so not the best if you're trying to have a serious convo.  Good stuff though.
5	Let me just start off by saying I am 100% Italian and was raised in a wonderful Italian family so I know good Italian food when I taste it. With that being said Gina's Bistro has hands down the best Veal Parmigiana I have ever had!!!! (Even better than my grandmothers) I would have paid more than the $22 they charged for my meal. The pasta that came with it was done perfectly, the sauce was nice a thick and not runny like most "Italian" places. The service was excellent and the staff was super friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to all of my friends! I will be going back for sure!!!! LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	Tried it for the first time with my bf due to the reviews here on Yelp. We originally planned on going to Kai, which was a Japanese restaurant right behind it, but we didn't make it in time for happy hour so he asked about that "bistro" I mentioned before. As we entered through the door we were welcomed by its cozy and quirky Italian ambiance. The wait staff consisted of father and son, and the mom was stationed at the cash register; which really gives off the "family-owned" feel of the place. We were seated by the son. He even asked us if we preferred seating by the windows or not, which I thought was nice of him. For drinks I just went with water with lemon and bf ordered Pepsi. As we were looking through the menu, I noticed the selection was not HUGE like those chain restaurants; which I actually preferred. Quality over quantity any time :D I was actually having a difficult time making a decision when finally the father came to our table to inform us of the specials of the day. I heard "bow tie pasta with chicken, asparagus, and wild mushrooms in white wine sauce," that hit the spot right there. BF ordered the gnocchi lol. They offer a bread basket of four slices and butter. We poured olive oil on the side plate and dipped our bread to soak up all that oily, buttery goodness ;D When our orders finally came, they were plated on square white plates with a garnish of some sprinkles of green and orange, no clue what they were but they gave that extra "umph!" in every bite. Man, whatever I ordered was the best pasta I've ever eaten here in Vegas. The first bite made me smile from ear to ear, and I'm pretty sure our waiter saw how happy I was with my food. Even the bf got giggly with how I was reacting to my food. His gnocchi was really tasty as well. I've had them before and the ones I've tried were heavy and cheesier, but these ones were light enough that you don't get too overwhelmed with the starch and cheese it's packing in small itty-bitty pieces. We usually put a small amount of our food in a separate plate and let each other taste the others order, and he finally understood why I was beaming with delight with my food. It looked like he just jizzed himself right there lol! He even asked for more from my plate XD After we were both done with our food, the waiter took our plates and asked if we wanted to order dessert or a cappuccino. At that point we were both stuffed and satisfied with what we just ate, we both just said "we're good." We stayed a little longer and talked after eating, Which gave us the chance to actually look around the place. There were pictures and paintings of what seems like places in Italy. It's small and cozy, but not cramped or stuffy, which is good. We also noticed that most patrons of this place are older married couples, which made me and the bf feel a little out of place lol. All in all we LOVED the food, cozy atmosphere, and the service. We already planned on bringing my mom with us next time :]
4	A great, family owned Italian bistro with friendly service and incredible home made food at very reasonable prices.The bruschetta is excellent and a refreshing start to the meal.  Loaded with fresh vine ripened tomatoes, EVOO, and a touch of sea salt on perfectly toasted bread.  Perfect start.Any pasta is incredible.  Pastas are always perfectly cooked and finished (the pasta is tossed with the sauce over heat not just poured over).  The veal bolognese is a standout (animal lovers please don't hate me).  A rich tomato sauce, velvety veal, hint of garlic, finished with a drizzle of EVOO and perfectly cooked pasta is so hard to pass up.Prices are very low.  Expect to pay less than $20 per person.Well worth the try.
5	I had not been here in a long time. I knew there were new owners from reading the reviews. I am glad I returned. It is very clean looking when you walk in. All the tables had such crisp white clean linens it was refreshing. Our server was a very attentive young man and took the time to tell us the specials. I ordered the chicken sorrentino as the server recommended, after I asked him of the 3 entrees i was looking at, he stated the sorrentino was the best and described the dish and told me why he thought that. And he was right. It was so light and delicious. The chicken pounded down to the perfect thinness. I can not eat thick chicken breasts in such dishes as this. The eggplant was light and tasty and most important not laden down with grease. My favorite dinner companion, my son! had the gnocchi. He also enjoyed his dinner. We were not going to have dessert, but after the server described the desserts to us and told us they made them there we had to try one. We choose the cannoli, and they were heavenly. I am glad we went and had this amazing meal. I have been wondering where I could find another great Italian meal after Bona closed. My son and I were talking during our dinner and were saddened that we were the only patrons at this fantastic establishment. We are supporters of local restaurant's and do not want to see any more good ones have to close due to the economy. We have lost too many. Go, give this place a try, I believe you will not be disappointed.
4	Folks, I've reviewed this restaurant once before, and this is an addendum;  This is a wonderful little Italian restaurant and apparently a secret to many. Please,  Spread the word ... we need to support the small restaurant owners.WHY frequent the mass produced corporate owned eateries that proliferate the Vegas Valley when we have in our backyard this independently owned, and lovingly operated jewel?  We try to always support the smaller, family owned & run eateries and find that we are infrequently disappointed.  Gina's Tops our List !!Last night we dined on steaming bowls of the most delicious Pasta Fagioli I've ever had, it was served with a basket of warm & wonderfully crusty Italian bread (a new bread to Ginas).  We chose a lovely bottle of Sangiovese Puglia, an Italian Red wine that Vince suggested.  A PERFECT meal for a cold evening.  Gina's well deserves one visit by you....because you'll be hooked!
4	Our favorite local spot! It's a tiny, cozy place for some delicious Italian. Their gnocchi is sooo good, it's hard to order anything else. Location and ambiance are a bit off but the food makes it worth the trip.
5	We ate there last night for New Year's Eve dinner and it was wonderful.  This was our first time there and we were impressed with the cozy and friendly atmosphere.  The food was a bit pricey but I suspect it was for the holiday as it was a special menu.  I had salmon and my husband had a pasta (which is all made there fresh) with salmon, shrimp, and crab.  Both were amazing and delicious.  Fresh bread was nice too.  We will definitely revisit this place!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! it's like finding that secret hideaway down a winding alley in Rome. So delicious!
5	I didn't realize that they used unicorn tears in their cuisine, as that would be the only explanation for why it is so delicious.Seriously, ignore any reviews of this establishment prior to October of 2010 when the new owners took over.  The dining experience at Gina's Bistro was stellar from beginning to end, and one of the finest dining excursions we have had in over a decade in Las Vegas.The owners are charming and doting from the moment you walk in the door.  From drink service, to the explanation of the entrees, to the food service to the deserts, every item was prepared to perfection, and utterly delectable.  I thoroughly enjoyed my pork loin (which was one of the special this evening) and my wife had a Cioppino that was spectacular.  The deserts were some of the best we've had at any restaurant regardless of genre, and again the service was top notch all around.The wine list is not expansive, but well rounded and offers a choice for any palette.There is absolutely no excuse for dining at one of the corporate, mass produced food warehouses with fare that would only appeal to those afflicted with a severe lack of taste.  This establishment is a true jewel in a city that prides itself on world-class dining.  Do yourself a favor and visit them for dinner.
4	Gina's Bistro is a small, chef run place that makes you think there might be hope for our culinary future.The strip mall unit seems somehow appropriate.  This place is not pretentious.  It is all about the food.  As we enter I see Gina herself sitting at a table near the door and the kitchen.  She smiles and somehow I feel comfortable.  The chef is in... and making sure it all turns out just right.  The menu is large enough to give you a selection of Italian favorites but small enough so you know they cook fresh.  I chose the famous "priest choker" pasta.  So good... that legend says priests in Rome would eat it so fast they would choke.  I understand completely.  The tender twisted noodles are perfectly sized for your fork.  The sausage and sauce that surround the pasta are amazing.  I think I even detect some truffle oil.  Wow this is so good.With my meal I enjoy a glass of Chianti.  Nothing ground breaking.  Just a good strong wine to help the delicious pasta slide down.. at a reasonable price.  Two things very hard to find in restaurants now a days.... Chianti and reasonably priced wine by the glass.  I know it's very IN to have an expensive bottle of wine... but I don't know enough, don't want to spend that much, and am perfectly happy with an every-man's glass of Chianti.Gina's Bistro serves up great Italian favorites with the touch of a GREAT and TALENTED chef who is very much a part of the restaurant every day.  Check it out today!
4	We lived just a stone's throw from this little place and passed it by for years until two weeks ago. My wife and i were shocked by how cozy and nice they made this place, It is nice to dine in a place that is comfortable, quiet , romantic and elegant in a simple way. The service was great, it is a true family run operation. Mom seats you, son and husband takes the order and son's girlfriend brings it out in no time. everyone try their best to make you realize how much they appreciate you being there. So enough of the atmosphere, how is the food?  Very nice, little place like this is usually handicapped as they have limited resource to order the freshest daily as they might have to let it spoil for not using it, not this place, everything is fresh, nicely prepared and tasty. Not overly salty like so many Italian places but prepared well and dosn't need to hide their flaws with a pound of salt. portions are perfect and price is average for a real restaurant. If you a re looking for a table cloth version of olive garden, then you will be disappointed ( see bad review below as the person expects salad with dinner have obviously never heard of ala carte and expect food to go along with dinner ! LOL ) I order liguine with clams and it was very good, clam was fresh, not sandy and pasta we perfect , not too soft as they usually are...just right. Warm spinach salad was great too and wife's spaghetti was home made with fresh tomato sauce , not out of a jar....so nice to get that and fast too! The dessert, well there is another story here..in one word... heavenly! They make the tiramisu there and it is unconventional but great! Just try it, you will love it. It is 10 steps above most of the local italian places as we eat out 4-6 times a week and all the other local italian places uses can sauce, soggy pasta and costco dessert...this place is closer to il molino than olive garden...well not quite il molino but then again does anyone dare to comapre themselves to il Molino? but hey at 1/3 the price( $65 for two with salad and dessert ) it is great food with perfect bistro atmosphere. We went back just yesterday and have the same experience and when the check came, they gave us a secret envelop which we can only open when we return the third time, guess we are having dinner there in a few days!  Did i mention they make you feel so special there?
5	When you want it quite, cozy, with great tasting food and a little vino to wash it all down, this is the place.  I drop in whenever I'm in town from LA.But the best part is the "welcome home" feeling you get each time you walk in.  Whether it's for dinner with the family or a date, or you just need an attitude adjustment  (Chianti and an appetizer does me just fine) maybe after a long day before you get home, stop in and enjoy the harmony.The food is way above average, the wine satisfying, prices are modest and the love that goes into the food is worth every cent.  Heads above the cookie cutter locations that offer "Family Italian" - trust me on that.Chi trova un amico trova un tesoro.English translation: He who finds a friend, finds a treasure.Gina's is a treasureHK
5	Oh, my.  Had dinner here Thursday evening.  I was suprised to be the only diner when I arrived at about 7:30 PM; two couples had also arrived by the time I left.  The quiet meant there was plenty of time to take counsel with the owner (Gina!) about the menu.I had the aroncini for a starter, and strozzapretti for the main course.  I thought about the lamb (chop) special, but just those two courses were more than I could eat.Gina taught me an important lesson: "Listen to Gina!".  I only wanted a glass of wine, and saw the Vino Nobile on the wine list.  As it's an historically significant wine, and I'd never tried it, I ordered it--even though Gina had recommended a Malbec or a Chilean Cabernet Sauvignon to accompany my meal choices.  She brought the Vino Nobile--and a sample of the Cabernet!  And she was right!  The Vino Nobile was fine with the mild--yet delicious--aroncini.  But with the strozzapretti, it seemed thin and sour.  But the Cabernet kept up with the rich pasta.  So I asked Gina to bring a glass of the Cabernet as well, and enjoyed the rest of the meal!Gina claims to be no expert on wines, but by golly, she knows what goes best with her menu selections!  There are more than adequate selections on the menu and wine list to fully satisfy anyone who enjoys authentic Italian cuisine.Las Vegans: PLEASE support this fine little establishment!!!  This is one you defintiely would not want to lose!Edit: I forgot to mention this.  I had originally thought to have pasti i fagioli (and Gina pronounces it correctly, not like some New Yawk hoodlum!), but was told it was off the menu, as the season is getting too warm for such a soup.  I think that's neat.  And the aroncini was delicious anyway!
1	Please read this all the way through.  I'm sorry to be writing this, and I hope that the owner contacts me via yelp.  Summary:  horrible service and bad food prep...probably good recipes though.  My gf and I were so excited to go there tonight for a romantic dinner.  She read about the cioppino reviews on yelp and in the local paper, and we can't disagree with those reviews...BECAUSE WE NEVER GOT SERVED OUR ENTREES!!!We got to the restaurant and were encouraged by all the italian speaking customers; they must know something.  Our waiter told us that they had none of the wines on the wine list, but put it out anyway because their new wine list for their new wines wasn't printed.  A bit quirky, but he recommended a Pinot Grigio and it was decent...so onward.As this was our first time there, we asked the waiter for recommendations and ordered our food.  Me:  fried bread and mozzarella in tomato sauce and filet of sole francese.  Gf:  calamari (recommended by server) and (what else?!) cioppino.  My appetizer was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich; nothing special, but not bad and a huge serving.  My gf's appetizer did not come at all.  We shared and got halfway through my appetizer, when we asked the waiter about her calamari.  He said it would be ready in 3 minutes.  Obviously, they started cooking it right then, and a few minutes later, out came her calamari and my entree!  Her calamari was not good.  The breading was decent, but the squid itself was not.  The dipping sauce, however, was excellent.  This place has some of the better tomato sauce we've had in Las Vegas.  Let's talk entrees:  My fish was raw on the inside.  If you check my profile, I love sushi, but not half-cooked, half-raw lower quality fish.  The francese sauce seemed good, but it was hard to get over the mushy egg-coating and raw inside.  The side of vegetables were excellent, but I'm really starving for something good to say.  (pun?)  We asked about my gf's entree and were told it would be out soon.  About 30 minutes later, we left without getting my fish or her cioppino.  Our waiter obviously let us down.  We spent 1 hr and 20 minutes in there and got a glass of wine each, a grilled cheese sandwich and a bowl of undercooked calamari.  We left $40 on the table and walked out.  Our waiter never admitted a single mistake, nor brought a comp'd glass of wine to hold us during our wait.  In fact, our wine glasses were empty for between 30-45 minutes and still did not get the attention of our waiter.  The owner did not acknowledge a mostly uneaten bowl of calamari and an entree that was sent back.  When we walked out, we passed the owner who couldn't be bothered to even spare us a glance.  This restaurant was not busy.  There was no reason that a table of six, who arrived 30 minutes after we did, should be finishing their entrees when we walked out hungry and unserved.  Also, there was a brand new busgirl.  She was sweet, but had no training and was left to her own devices.  She was the only one who saw our unhappiness, but was obviously in no position to do anything about it.  To quote my gf, "Our romantic dinner turned the entire evening sour."  Thanks for nothing, Gina.
5	I popped in here thinking sandwich, left being utterly amazed. I can honestly say this is the best meal I've had since relocating to Vegas. Gina's Bistro is authentic right down to our server/ manager being straight from Italy with a beautiful Italian accent, and beautiful decor. I had the cioppino, which came piping hot and spicy the way I love it. Our appetizer of bruschetta was perfect, the tomatoes were perfectly seasoned and fresh. Looking forward to our next visit!!
5	We were driving down Durango and decided to give this place a shot. They are amazing and we have been back several times over the last month. The ambiance, staff, and passion for excellent food makes this an easy choice for dinner. The authentic Italian dishes are delicious! We have had the cioppino, caprese, mussels/clams, calamari, and several of their pastas-- all were perfection.
4	Thanks to my fellow Yelper's reviews, my friends and I decided to give Gina's a try. Good call everyone! We all loved that the place was fairly casual and moderately priced, but it was the wonderful food and friendly and professional service that won us over. I personally don't know a lot about wine, but my friends are pretty sophisticated when it comes to the grape...and they seemed quite content with the wine menu and their selection for the table. Again, I can't tell you if they have a great wine list or not, but we all enjoyed the reasonably priced wine that we ordered.They serve really delicious bread!We decided to share an appetizer of fried calamari, which turned out to be a bit of a mistake for two reasons. First of all, the portions of the pastas and entrees that were served later on were absolutely enormous. All four of us took food home. Secondly, I wasn't crazy about their calamari. I usually love fried calamari, but I found Gina's take on it to be a little mushy and not seasoned well. The breading was not crisp and there was hardly any salt mixed in. The presentation was fantastic and the serving was very large so when it was put on the table I was extremely optimistic. Unfortunately, it was a let down. My fellow diners all agreed. Other than that, the rest of the meal was perfect! Honestly, it was one of the best Italian meals that we had all had in a while and we all vowed to come back. The waiter couldn't have been more friendly or professional. The service was excellent.All in all, Gina's Bistro was excellent and the only reason I am giving it four stars instead of five is because of the calamari.We will be back for sure!
5	i think they switch the owner, those food are amazing! we had great time with the staff and service all together. i order Chicken Marcella and the see food soup. chicken was bit hard but overall is the greatest plate i tried after Don Antonios... highly recommended!!!
4	*** #300  ***A friend read good things about Gina's Bistro, and suggested we try it together.  Soon after this, I saw that trusted Yelp friends gave high marks to this eatery.  So, my party of four soon assembled to find out for ourselves.  As a result of this visit, I am happy to report that I have added yet another fine Italian restaurant to my list of places for recurrent dining, even though there are enough spots listed already that it is getting ever harder to make this list.  Although this is my favorite cuisine, there is only so much time available to indulge in Italian dining.  So, standards are high.What are those standards?  1) Bread products of whatever type must be good or better.2) An Italian style soup such as Minestrone, Pasta Fagioli, Stracciatella, or Italian Wedding Soup, or something similar like mussels in tasty broth must be first rate.3) A Caesar or Chopped Salad must be good or better.4) Veal must be tender, and rendered delicious prepared with either sweet Marsala Sauce, creamy and cheesy Pomodoro or Marinara Sauce served Parmigiana style, with melted Mozzarella, or a little sour, salty, and tangy served with prosciutto with or without sage Saltimbocca style.  5) Pasta must be al dente and available tossed with a tasty Bolognese, Pomodoro, or exceptional Marinara Sauce, and mushrooms. 6) Available desserts must be well beyond Spumoni Ice Cream.The food at Gina's Bistro passed all qualifying tests.  Warm rustic bread was very good.  Mussels & Vongole in a spicy light Tomato Sauce was an excellent starter.  The Caesar Salad was good and tasty, with a light Caesar Dressing.  A quite tasty side of Spaghetti Bolognese with Mushrooms was prepared al dente.  Veal Saltimbocca consisted of three good-sized medallions of tender veal enrobed in melted cheese over salty prosciutto, bathing in a slightly sour and tangy sauce.  And, desserts included a very good lemony Mini-Cannoli with powdered sugar and drips of Chocolate Sauce, and a large and very tasty Chocolate Truffle also adorned with Chocolate Sauce.Seating was comfortable in an intimate space, with tables covered by burgundy tablecloths.  Service was friendly, efficient, and accompanied by a welcome Italian flair.  Even the Iced Tea was noticeably fragrant.  A nice little jewel in the desert!XXXX-1/2 stars overall!
4	Celebrated my birthday in this small, intimate setting. The service was good, the food delicious, and the price was very reasonable. Some Italian places push the bottled waters, not here. Just good recommendation's on the wine, and a great description of specials. Partner had a Penne special with shrimp, sausage and chicken, He loved it! I had a generous portion of Marsala chicken, with loads of mushrooms and fresh veggies. One minor negative: the antipasti Asparagus dish was very skimpy. Only served 4 spears of very fine Asparagi. Hilarious looking on the plate!One suggestion to the owner, have the staff park on the street side of the lot. We almost didn't come in because the place looked so empty.I try to support small businesses, so I will suggest this restaurant to all!
4	I honestly didn't come here thinking it was going to be THIS good but it was really all that and then some.  You wouldn't think a place located in a mostly deserted plaza whose best outdoor view is of a gas station would be serving such great Italian fare, but they are and it's worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.As a lot of other Yelpers say, the atmosphere is nice and cozy.  Service was great and I think this was the only time in Vegas where we had a server that was actually from Italy.  But on a side note, how hilariously fucking awesome would it be if he were American and just doing a terrific Italian accent every night?  I would fall off my chair!!I am a sucker for any place that hand makes their pasta and they make a lot of theirs in house with the exception of spaghetti and penne.  The parpadelle pasta was insanely good!!  I had it with a tomato sauce that included prosciutto, mushrooms and 2 HUGE meatballs.  Just to avoid going completely carb crazy, we went with a veal dish cooked in lemon butter sauce and that was delicious as well.The only disappointment for us was the tiramisu which tasted a little weird so we didn't end up finishing it.  But who freakin cares when they're pushing out such terrific, well priced food?  Consider me a repeat customer!
4	Cozy, quiet, and quaint. Wonderful service. We loved the personal attention.Food was good. Had the lasagna and the lobster ravioli. A few quirks.. The bathroom was outside of the establishment, the sodas are served in 16 oz bottles, and there was a TV on with a foreign film playing. Didn't feel it was the type of place with the need for a TV. Takes away from the ambiance.Overall, I would recommend it. The food and the service were what we desired.
1	FUGGEDABOUTIT! If this is how food tastes in Italy then Arthur Avenue in the Bronx will be my Italian vacation destination. Nothing was really very good except the potatoes. I must admit that the Pellegrino water was perfectly chilled and we drank 2 bottles. So here is the laundry list:1) Odd smell when we walked in.2) Bread, OK but butter in little Coffee Shop plastic tubs. ( I know but...)3) Server was fast and attentive, however, his wine recommendation was not one I would have made if I wanted to increase my tip.4) Wine, barely OK5) Arancini, not hot, overcooked rice, and not much flavor6) Zuppa di Cozze e Vongole, pretty good broth and clams, mussels had a bad texture and were obviously frozen.7) Eggplant Parmigiana, Not good at all, hardly any eggplant or eggplant flavor. Tasted mostly of soggy toasted breadcrumbs.8) Veal Saltimbocca, barely OK, veal was tough and I did not detect any fresh sage in the dish. Sauce and overall preparation was barely OK.9) Roasted Potatoes, this was by far the best dish we had, pretty damn good but these are not on the menu and not always available.10) Tiramisu, Tasty but a little strange, no espresso or rum flavor. Seemed to have used Limoncello instead to dip the Ladyfingers.11) Mini Cannolis, inedible, so cute but flavored with banana extract and Amaretto.Tasted like Bubble gum and not very good Bubble gum. Taken off the check.12) Double Espresso, quite acceptable.I had high hopes about Gina's Bistro, the Yelp reviews were mostly positive and a coworker from Italy recommended it highly. He has already been taken off my reliable list. Bottom line, I spent $142 for a seriously flawed meal for 2. Parma Deli would have been a much better choice, even Mezzo which has dropped so much in quality is preferable to Gina's. Way too many problems to have just been an off night. I will never return and can only recommend to stay away.
4	After driving by this place a thousand times we finally ate here! They had a Groupon deal so that helped get us there us faster.  It was a a great find. I read on the website and learned of the powerhouse  team that is running the restaurant so I wasn't surprised it was really nice. We loved the small intimate feel of the place. The host had a thick Italian accent which I really enjoyed. Especially being in an Italian restaurant. PROS: *Caesar's Salad - looks plain in the pictures but the dressing they make from scratch is on point.*Eggplant alla Parmigiana- HUGE portion. The eggplant was thin and breaded stacked on top of each other (3 or 4 layers) then home-made mozzarella melted with sauce on top. If I could change one thing I would ask for a little more sauce on the eggplant.*Chicken Sorrento- Chicken breast with eggplant and mozzarella with sauce. Tender chicken, large portion. *Pasta comes with the entrees*Italian host - his accent*Pasta is hand made on the premises. Desserts are all home made too. All Italian desserts!CONS:*Only open for dinnerThere was a tv set in the upper corner of the room but muted. A cooking show was on at 7:30pm Friday night. I didn't understand why that was there or even turned on. But I wasn't facing the tv and it didn't bother me. It just seemed out of place for the atmosphere the restaurant aired. Make reservations on the weekend. It was crowded around 7:30 Friday night.
4	I have seen this place on many occasions, but never thought twice about trying them out until I saw the Groupon. Italian isn't my favorite cuisine, but when I'm craving carbs, it's the place to be. We arrived around 6 for an early dinner and were greeted warmly and seated. Our drink orders were taken and our waiter gave us a rundown of all the specials. He then gave us plenty of time to review the menu while he got our drinks and some bread for the table. We couldn't resist digging into the bread and it was fantastically crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. Just like it's supposed to be. We indulged in quite a few pieces while we decided on what to order. I went with the gnocchi quattro formaggi. My fella got the mushroom chicken and my mom went with the eggplant parmigiana. Our Server was incredibly attentive and friendly, even while dealing with several other tables he was able to keep track of us and make sure everyone always had drinks filled to the brim and bread and butter on the table. Our meals came out quickly. All the pastas are made fresh and you can tell. Excellent textures and flavors. We all enjoyed our meals immensely and portions were quite generous. We all had leftovers packaged for later as well. Outstanding service, we were quite happy with our meal, I'll definitely be back to check them out again. They even gave us a 20% for our next visit, which is awesome. They'll accommodate just about any request and mentioned that if you are craving a particular type of pasta, just call them a day in advance and they will be sure to have it ready for your next visit.
4	Not a fan of Italian food, but this place was ok. Came here with a Groupon and enjoyed the bread with oil and vinegar the most. The bread was flaky and moist. Really good. My meal was ok and I did enjoy the chicken and mushroom sauce I ordered. Service was great too.
5	I worked in the same parking lot as this place for years and never once went there until tonight.   WOW!  The food was fantastic and the service was even better.  I loved it and can't wait to get back there!
4	I had passed by this place many times over the past couple of years and never really thought much of it (the exterior definitely leaves something to be desired), but the hubby and I were in need of some late night dinner eats so we decided to check Groupon.  Gina's had a $30 for $15 Groupon - it was right around corner and had 4 stars on Yelp so we thought we'd give it a try.  We were not disappointed.  We arrived around 9:15pm (posted hours are until 10pm) and the place was empty.  The host/server was extremely gracious, (even opened the door for us), I know many restaurant staff that cringe at the thought of a table right before closing but we felt extremely welcome.  He also had a really thick accent (which I thought at one point might have been fake - but i think he was just a little nervous).  He was super sweet and attentive.  We shared a house salad (mixed greens, carrot, tomato, home-made Italian dressing) - simple yet the dressing was delicious.  I had a glass of the only Cabernet I saw on the menu - it was also fantastic.  There is a note inside the wine menu that states they serve wines that they've hand picked from mom & pop wineries - I like that!  My hubby had the 4 cheese gnocchi and I had the fettucini alfredo (we're vegetarian but they had MANY meat, chicken & seafood options as well).  The fettucini alfredo was done really well.  Often this can be a bland dish but it really was seasoned perfectly.  The star dish of the night was the 4 Cheese Gnocchi!  TO...DIE....FOR!  In fact next time we've decided we'll share that so we can save room and try their dessert!  At the end of our meal we were presented w/ a coupon for 20% off our meals if we come back in 2 weeks - SCORE!I am, yet again, grateful for both Groupon & Yelp pointing me in the right direction!
3	This restaurant has changed owners once again.  We were told the new owner of Gina's was the previous owner of the Roma Deli Restaurant on Spring Mountain and that they had the same chef.  Food was good, not the same as I had enjoyed at Roma Deli, just different.  Yes, it is well worth a visit, you will enjoy their food.   My one issue, my entree was delivered on a cold plate!!  Not even room temp, damn right cold!  I mentioned this to our waiter, he acknowledged it, and apologized.  Our next visit, my entree again, delivered on a cold plate!  What kind of chef doesn't heat the plates?Disappointed.
3	I've reviewed Gina's in the past, now they have new owners so I thought it was worthy of a redo.  The new owners of Gina's are the previous owners of the Roma Deli Restaurants on Spring Mtn and Sahara.  I am told they have the same Chef.  So, I assumed that I would be once again enjoying one of my favorites from the Roma Deli, the delicious Chicken Saltimbocca .  Sadly, it was not the same nor close to it;  it was however, very tasty and I would recommend it.  Overall, our meals with the new owners  have been very good and we recommend you give them a try.  My one hiccup with them is a simple fix;  the Chef does not heat the entree plates!  My great looking entree comes out on a cold plate!  I've mentioned it to the waiter  to his credit, he apologizes and that's all ... next time we came in, once again a cold plate!  It's a minor issue, but it affects my dining experience. I will send it back to the kitchen next time.
5	... a hidden gem and more are back at GINA's BISTRO ...... italian food the way it should be ...New owner and host Ricardo is so passionate in yourdining experience, he's open 7 days a week  ...Ricardo also talks daily with his 80 year old grandmother in Genoa Italy ...... her recipes are delicious, homemade and well priced ... charming and small ...make a reservation ...
4	Great cozy place for an authentic Italian meal.  Very attentive staff to complement the food.  Try the salmon with one of their reasonably priced glasses of wine.
5	Small family owned restaurant that is truly top notch when it comes to service. We felt like family when we stopped in here for a quick dinner. The gentleman who was the host/server always checked in on us and even stayed to give us a little history of the restaurant. The food was absolutely delicious and extremely fresh. Although I live on the other side of town I always stop in when I can since I really do feel they deserve the business. Good service is hard to find these days but these guys are truly setting the standard for it.
5	Went here the first time this Mother's Day.  The place was full except for one table.  It looks like a small Italian Bistro in Venice.  The second time we went there was last night around 8 and there was only one other table in use.  So sad to see a great restaurant like this with so few people.  The host/ waiter whose name escapes me is the real thing.  He is from Genoa Italy.  He greeted us in Italian and took us to a small table.  There are 15-20 tables in the place with real tablecloths and candles on them and it is a nice little Bistro atmosphere.  Too bad the outside looks like a carry-out pizza place.  I know that I've seen the place several times and never stopped til our daughter took us there on mother's day and we were pleasantly surprised.  The waiter showed us the wine list(reasonably priced) and took our drink order while we looked at the menu.  In a short time, he brought us our drinks and a basket of hot bread and butter.  We knew what we wanted, because we had the Lasagne on Mother's Day and it was the 2nd best that we ever had.  The best was in Venice and I'm sure it will remain unbeatable.  Our meals were brought in 10-15 minutes and were just as good as we remembered.  Our water glasses and ice tea were kept filled and he checked in several times to see if we needed anything else.  The Tiramisu is excellent and is worth a try.  The waiter is very personable and we talked about Italy and found out that the owner is from Sicily.  All in All, a very nice restaurant with good service and reasonably priced meals and we will be back.  I just hope that other people try it, because it would be ashamed to lose this hidden gem.
3	This 32-chair, family-owned/operated Italian restaurant was fairly busy mid-week.  We started off sharing the passatina di ceci appetizer - rosemary grilled shrimp & scallops on a bed of garbanzo bean puree that was just okay.  Ann ordered pollo Sorrentina - chicken w/sliced eggplant, mozzarella cheese in a light tomato sauce. My entree was penne camagnola - pasta with broccoli, tomatoes sauce, chicken, roasted garlic and sundried tomatoes. Each dish was pretty good, but nothing out of the ordinary.A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
4	I had originally tried this place out way back when Gina first opened it. The food was good back then and is still very good. The handmade pasta's and sauces are superfresh, cooked to perfection and it was awesome to hear what a real italian accent sounds like. I thought like I was on a hidden camera show as the waiter was super friendly and sounded just like Casey Affleck (Ben Affleck's younger brother), but was trying to disguise himself with a moustache. I docked a star because the air conditioning system is very poor, it was hot 3 years ago and it is still hot now. They have fans on and luckily they don't make noise and are not loud, but in this warm summer heat, you definitely need a stronger air conditioning unit. Ladies with menopause, you have been warned.
3	I'm not sure why this restaurant was voted Best of Vegas. Maybe it's for locals? With so many great restaurants on the strip, it's hard to stand out in Vegas as a culinary Mecca.I really loved their service. It was very attentive and they kept checking in case if anyone needed anything. The restaurant is small and dark inside. The front part of the restaurant looks like it's family-owned and in the back it looks more elegant and quiet.But my biggest beef with the restaurant which led to this mediocre review: everything I had was too salty. It could be much better if it was not, but I still don't see it rising as a five star restaurant.
5	We had dinner at Gina's bistro on a Wednesday evening.  The atmosphere was very charming -- a small restaurant with a romantic setting that makes it a great evening out.  The food was fresh and delicious, the service was top-notch, and the prices were very reasonable.  We loved it.
5	Perfectly cooked pasta is very hard to find but Gina's had it! A quaint AND inexpensive  place to eat, we had the spaghetti with meatballs and veal and eggplant parm. Gina's got off to a good start with a VERY fresh and largely piled bed of leaf lettuce mix and lightly covered in a homemade vinaigrette. Al dente pasta, thin cut eggplant and veal  with fresh ingredients which was comforting with a little kick to it and reminded us of our Italian grandmother's cooking! Best homemade cannoli in town!!! Add two glasses of merlot and we left just under $65.00!
5	Wow. I was completely blown away by this little Italian jewel, and I'm not just talkin about the waiter ;)From the outside you can't help but giggle because its so freakin boring, and youre totally not expecting to eat a good meal, but then you walk into a cute, cozy, romantically elegant environment and stand in awe at the beauty of it all. *I must note, me and my bf were the only two customers in the restaurant and this may account for the more than excellent service* To start, we were immediately greeted by a friendly, REAL ITALIAN /Italian speaking native, and sat to our table. The waiter was crazy informative about the menu, specials, ingredients, and also provided recommendations, which was  I was absolutely thankful for- kudos to waiters who are knowledgable about the food being served- cant ask for that enough. We tried a little bit of everything- Appitizers, bread, main meal, desert, and even coffee afterwards- EVERTHING WAS FREAKIN DELICIOUS. I didn't have one complaint. The waiter checked on us periodically, refilled our waters when they needed refill and we never felt neglected or pestered by his service throughout the meal. I truly felt the food was authentic, well prepared, flavored with rich ingredients, and simply wonderful. The best part was the fact that the entire meal didn't break our wallets, everything is reseanably priced compared to other local Italian spots. I can see why they won the Best of Las Vegas award. Anyway, walked away full and happy, just like I like ;)
5	My wife and I have been to Gina's twice. The food is excellent as is the service. The owner Ricardo is very nice. My wife is from New York (Yonkers), very Italian, and knows good Italian food. She loves the food here. Its just really good and the prices are reasonable. If you like good Italian food check it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent service and Italian ambiance. Felt like I was back in Tuscany!  Our waiter was from Genoa and so was the excellent Pesto sauce over the Gnocchi! Wine selection is very good with a wide variety of quality wines from Italy at reasonable prices. Food was superb. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance, this is a fine Italian Bistro!  Try it - You'll Like It!
3	We had dinner at Gina's Bistro using a Groupon.  Have not been there for a couple of years and never reviewed it. The atmosphere was very charming, a small restaurant with a comfortable dining room. The background music was a pleasant selection but the audio system was a little scratchy.Our server was very pleasant and with assistants the service was timely and attentive. The caprese appetizer contained large slices of mozzarella but I was expecting tastier tomatoes  being they are at peak availability from local markets. The breast of chicken in lemon sauce was tasty and cooked perfect but more attention should be paid to trimming the gristle. The salmon almafi did not taste like salmon, it was just ok. Maybe it was cooked in to much olive oil? The salmon was to be served with a topping of sun dried tomatoes but mine had fresh tomato pieces. Both entrees came with a side of mixed vegetables of broccoli, carrots, spinach, and mushrooms which were perfectly cooked al dente.
4	pre-Smith Center show dinner with three others on a Saturday night.  quaint little restaurant - felt a little cramped but not a big deal.  Server had thick Italian accent - he did a great job the entire time we were there.We shared several apps - Caesar salad, arrancini and calamari.  My fav of the group was the calamari but all were above average ( forgot pics of these ) Main entrees:Chicken MarsalaLasagneGnocchiFettucine Alfredo w/ sausage.All entrees at or under $16I thought all were decent, especially liked the meat ragu within the lasagna, the lightness of the gnocchi, the rich alfredo sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked. About the only negative thing was the sausage within the alfredo - we all agreed the sausage was a breakfast link - I almost dropped the rating to 3 stars for this ! But dang, the rest of the meal was very good and the service delightful so I opted to only ding one star.several pics attachedwe'll be back
5	Fantastic service, food & Italian wine.  First, the place is small & in a strip plaza, but don't let the outside appearance & neighbors jade your opinion/sway your decision to eat here.  Stick with me...it's worth it!  Inside, it's  dimly lit in an attempt at mood lighting & a little cramped w/ tables close together.  And that's the end of the sketchy part.  All good from here!Service - 5 stars.  Some nights it's packed & others you can walk in.  Just to be safe, make a reservation.  The servers are very attentive & in tune with how you want dinner paced.  The food is always delivered in sync & you aren't trying to finish appy's & your entree is already out.Appy's - 4stars. calamari is decent+, could use a little more salt, but the batter is crunchy good!  Not the best, but you can't go wrong if you like calimari.  The arancini is outrageously yummy.  At only 2, it's a little small if you're sharing around the table though so order accordingly.For entrees, I've tasted the seafood fettuccini, the mushroom risotto (garlicky deliciousness & large so you will have leftovers), chicken Marsala (Crazy amount of mushrooms!), cheese ravioli, sausage risotto (very unique..ate it ALL) & eggplant parm....all delicioso!  5starsDeserts....I was under-wow'd, but I'm pretty picky about sweets so I usually end w/ a latte or doppio. A great little neighborhood haunt we now frequent often!!
2	How does this place have so many good reviews??!!  U people need to get out more.  The service was pretty crappy & my husband got 5 lobster ravioli (we counted) for $15!!  I had to share my lasagna with him & ended up both leaving hungry! The lasagna was pretty good, thus the 2 stars, however caprese salad..ha! What a joke. We were pretty pissed about spending $50 and having to eat more at home. Will never return!! Nothing italian about this place..not even the cook
5	Love the food, everything looked fresh and tasted very good, the waiter is Italian w strong accent. Try the cannoli! Will be back for sure.
5	We've been coming to Gina's almost since she opened it. Unfortunately, Gina sold it and moved on, but the quality of the food has not diminshed. Incredible Italian food. Reasonable wine prices. The wait staff has been there for a long time. They are like part of our family. The place is small, only about 8 tables, so reservations are recommended.
5	My boyfriend suggested having an early Valentine's day dinner at Ginas last night & I couldn't be happier because our first experience there was amazing! I love Gina's because its a small, family owned restaurant & reminds me of places back in Europe. The server has a very strong Italian accent (swoon) anyways.. I got the special which was Sol with mussels & clams in a Saffron sauce & my boyfriend got a spicy spaghetti.. both were amazing. Hands down the best Sol dish I've ever had! The service at Gina's is fantastic - very attentive. I love this place because its not some over the top lame restaurant on the strip that you are going to pay $50 a plate & get a slice of cheese. From the 2 times we've come to Gina's this is definitely one of our favorite Italian restaurants.. simple, fresh & delicious.
5	I love Gina's bistro. I have been there about 5 times now and I consider it to be my go to Italian restaurant for date night. The service and food is always wonderful.
5	This place is real. I love the food, the atmosphere and the service. If this restaurant was inside the Venetian or Bellagio, the meals would easily be $150 per person. It is the one place in Vegas that, once I step inside the door, I honestly feel like I'm in Italy. I can feel the chef's passion in each dish I have ordered. It would be beyond my understanding if someone ever told me they had a bad meal here. And the prices are great.
5	The server boy is so nice and has a cool Italian accent. Food is fresh and tasty. Good location amazing Italian feeling in the air.  I recommend.
5	My husband and I found the groupon and decided to give Gina's a go. As we seated, we asked if they have Pesto. The young man who was from Italy went on to say that they didn't, mostly because they aren't able to get the same ingredients here to make it like they do back home. Therefore, they don't make it. I was so impressed!! That was my first sign that this would be REAL authentic Italian food. He then said that if we were to come back, to call in the morning requesting pesto and he would see what he could find here to make it as authentic as it is back home. Just that was so impressive to us!!Free fresh bread to snack on which we loved while ordering. We split the Calamari appetizer ($12.99) which was 100% worth it! It came with a fresh, and I mean FRESH marinara sauce. It was so authentic and I seriously could have drank the sauce. The portion size of this apatizer was HUGE and we were both stuffed and didn't even finish it. Because we were so full, we split an entree (a daily special, some sort of ziti bake with mozarella on top). EVerything was to DIE for. I could tell it was all made to order, FRESH, and authentic. It makes Olive Garden look like absolute complete trash. We will definitely return. The woman refilled our drinks  like it was her job. (Finally - this restaurant is how all restaurants should be). I hate when you are waiting for a refill and no one ever attends to your needs. Anyways, they were so amazing and we will surely return.
5	First of all, this charming restaurant serves amazing Italian food from Italy, so if you're looking for Italian-American specialties, move along. But I strongly suggest you try it anyway and discover the real deal. I've lived in Italy several years and my husband is Italian (born and raised in Italy) and yet, we have still been always able to discover new dishes here by trying the daily specials or the waiter's (also 100% Italian - not a pseudo accent!) suggestions. Have not had anything that couldn't be served in a nice restaurant in Italy.
5	Amazing and authentic Italian food. .. best I've had in Las vegas that's for sure. .. you will easily spend 100 bucks on a date night., but well worth it.
2	Because of all the stellar Yelp reviews, we chose to drive 45 minutes to have my husband's  birthday dinner at Gina's Bistro. The atmosphere was charming, and the waitstaff superb. However, the food was the worst I have ever eaten in an Italian restaurant. Bar none! The thin sliced read was stale, and my chicken marsala was inedible. The chicken was so gristly that there was only one square inch I could eat, and I could not cut through any of the other pieces. It was not overcooked nor undercooked, it was just poor cuts of chicken that were full of muscle. There was no detectable marsala flavor, and the mushrooms were rubbery and CANNED! The overall flavor of the sauce was tinny, with no detectable flavor notes. There was no love in this dish, no layering of flavors, nothing worth eating. My husband enjoyed his veal, but agreed the bread was too stale to eat, and noted that his red sauce was very salty. The staff could not have been better: they did everything in their power to make it right - offering me another dish, which I declined as I didn't want my husband to have to wait for me to get another meal. Though I did not ask, the server removed the horrible chicken marsala from our bill. I can't say enough about the integrity, professionalism and friendliness of the waitstaff. But I will never have the courage to try their food again. Thin sliced stale bread? Canned mushrooms? Nope. I've never been so disappointed with a restaurant, and sincerely hope the regular chef wasn't cooking. If I never eat another canned mushroom, I will never miss it. I really wanted to love this place as much as other reviewers obviously did. I'm so sorry I can't recommend it.
5	This is a wonderful restaurant and neighborhood gym. I have been here twice and the food seems very authentic. The pasta tastes incredibly fresh and the sole is delicious. The  caprese salad and pasta fagioli soup were also very tasty! It is a great place for a date night.
3	Not sure if the diners are always elderly, but went here for lunch for a birthday and one of them walked over to tell us to hush. LOL- That was random, but we respectfully "toned it down". So in short--I would say it's not ideal to parties over 5 people. Great service though, however not much of a fan of the pasta because it was way too salty.
4	I went on an accidental "date" here with a friend when all of the other folk in our party of four bailed, and we had decided to grab dinner here.It's definitely a "cozy romantic" sort of place, so it was a little bit awkward, but pretty hilarious. I had the gnocchi in white sauce and my "date" had some sort of long pasta in red sauce that wasn't quite spaghetti. My gnocchi was fluffy and well cooked, and the sauce wasn't over rich or over salted, and was just about the perfect thickness for the pasta; both the very different kinds of pasta.Our bread was...bread? neither stale nor anything to write home about, but the butter was very fancy. We ate two baskets of it, either way. The staff was very attentive, and offered great suggestions, showed up when they were needed, but weren't hover-y at all. We showed up pretty early, so it was just us at first, but they filled up as our meal ended. I had to drive after we left, so I didn't get to drink, but I'd love to come here again on a real date, have a glass of wine, and try another dish. I'm pretty sure the pasta is homemade. I'll definitely be back on a real date to try other dishes, and will update review then!Pros: - Great atmosphere for a date, quiet and cozy. Definitely as far from Olive Garden as humanly possible.- Very tasty food from the one dish I had. - Reasonable Prices, Great staff, very easy location and parking. Cons;- Terrible, terrible atmosphere for a platonic accidental date.
5	Very classic ambiance. The waiter was knowledgeable about the food and each of the wines. Food tasted great and service was excellent. It was very small by U.S. standards but for a real italian/european restaurant it is exactly what you expect.
5	Absolutely amazing. In a city with a multitude of restaurants Gina's stands out as a true gem. It is your local Italian bistro with excellent food and service. Eggplant parm was beyond anything in the city. If looking for a wonderful Italian experience, Gina's is a must.
5	Dined here last weekend, this was the best Italian food I've tasted in many, many years.  There are not any good Italian restaurants where I live, but still...the service and food at Gina's was simply outstanding.Gina's is in a cute little room that can't seat more than 40 people.  There is one unisex bathroom that must be entered from the outside (yikes!).The pasta is hand made and cooked to perfection.  The sauces were also perfect, not too salty or too rich.  Just right.  I'm used to eating pasta off the Sysco truck or assembled in a corporate kitchen somewhere. Dining at Gina's was like eating pasta for the first time!The prices are very reasonable.  In fact, the prices would be reasonable even if the food were merely average.  Most entrees were under $20.The service was also very good, although our primary server was a tad on the exuberant side.I cannot recommend more highly.
4	This time a star was lost--by partly burned Bruschetta with fresh diced tomato.  Being told by our server that charring the Bruschetta somewhat was intentional in order to make the dish authentic was unconvincing and not at all believable--especially since I have not encountered blackened or partly burned Bruschetta anywhere else before or since.  A cool Chopped Caesar Salad with tasty and crunchy homemade croutons, on the other hand, was very good.  And, a hot bowl of Minestrone Soup was a superior rendition of this Italian mainstay, with carrots, spinach, carrots, tomato, peas, celery, onions, and Cavitappi in a tomato-based broth.  Fettuccine Alfredo was creamy and great in texture and taste.  But, although Veal Piemonte featured well-pounded veal, it was warm rather than hot, and had a slightly stringy consistency to it..  Service was very good, but bread plates were inexplicably removed early from the table.
5	Small intimate Italian neighborhood restaurant. The owner personally greeted us and waited on our table. The portions were large, the taste would compete with any Las Vegas restaurant and it was quite enough to hold a dinner conversation. It was our first visit but we wl be returning. You will not be disappointed!!
5	Very cozy Italian family type of restaurant with friendly staff and a young owner, Ricky, who treats all guests as close friends. Vegas needs more places like this. You should try the Passatina di Celi - a seafood appetizer invented by Ricki's parents and served only in their restaurant in Genoa and here in Gina's Bistro in Las Vegas.
3	Not the best italian I have had but it was ok. It had a nice atmosphere, great for a date. I was mostly frustrated because I had a Groupon.  We had to make reservations to eat at the place with the Groupon and I informed them of it when we arrived. The same person I told about the Groupon waited on us - I actually think he was the owner. Anyway, he sold us on a bottle of wine stating they were half off since it was a Wednesday. When we went to pay he stated that we could not have the bottle 1/2 off and use the Groupon together and we ended up paying full price for the bottle of wine which we would not have ordered. That definitely left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	I was skeptical about the place, but don't let the outside fool you. Inside is a cute neighborhood restaurant, with great service and delicious pasta. Home style cooking and good flavors. Definitely one of the neighborhood favorites when I'm in the mood for Italian.
5	Love this little bistro. Truly authentic Italian cuisine. I've had the gnocchi, sole special, pasta primavera, and salmon. Perfect every time. The waiter is always kind and knowledgable. Highly recommended!
3	This is a small and cute little restaurant. The outside does not give it any justice. The owner is very involved in the service, which makes you feel welcomed. However, there were only two people serving all of the tables which made the service a bit slow. The food was just ok. We ordered meatballs with angel hair and lasagna. Unfortunately, they both lacked flavor, we were not impressed with the food. We also ordered the muscle and clam soup which was amazing!  The soup had a very rich flavor and for $12 you get at least a dozen muscles and clams which was not too bad!Overall, a decent restaurant with a good selection of wines, but nothing to go crazy over.
5	Great Service! Delicious food, wine and yummy fresh bread! We'll definitely be coming back :)
5	Wow! What a wonderful little place located a few miles off the strip. This was by FAR the best and most enjoyable meal of our entire trip. Thanks to Ken for recommending this little gem. Only wish we would have discovered it earlier.
5	The only thing I don't understand about Gina's is why it doesn't have six stars.  We have been in this cozy out of the way bistro a dozen times and try a different dish each time.  Please take the trip and learn the meaning of the word "Wow."
4	I eat here, drink here and hang out up here ALL THE TIME! They are at the top of my street and I enjoy most of the things that the kitchen pumps out. First of all...EVERY WEDNESDAY IS HALF PRICED BOTTLES OF WINE!! So if you're into that...its a dope deal! Secondly, their food is delicious! I've tried so many things and I rarely get something that doesn't make my mouth water. Their only drawback is the exterior of the building...its in a shitty strip mall. But I kind of like it, because it keeps most of you weirdos away and leaves more room for my fat ass! Lol
5	Small, intimate and offers amazing Italian food. Not your run-of-the-mill restaurant, expect a pleasant dining experience. We always leave satisfied!
5	We've eaten here a couple times and always enjoyed it. Took an out of town guest tonight and had wonderful meals. The sole was outstanding. Veal saltimbocca was wonderful. An anti pasta appetizer was perfect. Riccardo, the owner and our waiter was attentive and personable. I love this place and will be back again soon.
3	Having driven by this locally owned spot on Durango countless times, I finally decided to check it out while family was in town for the holidays. The menu has plenty of Italian American classics -- perfect for those more accustomed to dining at chain restaurants. The consensus from the table was that the food was decent, not stellar. After sifting through a heavy layer of mozzarella, the lasagna was a nice blend of well seasoned ground meat and ricotta. It was really unfortunate that the flavors were drowned out by the top layers of cheese. Others at the table were satisfied with a mussels and clams dish and the chicken parmigiana -- two decent sized breaded chicken breasts accompanied with a side of spaghetti. The most disappointing dish was a veal dish with only slivers of meat in a white sauce that was also accompanied by a side of spaghetti in marinara sauce, an odd combination of sauces for one dish. Other restaurant oddities include employees with Italian accents that will have you wondering if they're real or not and a restroom located outside of the restaurant, towards the end of the building. 2.5 Stars
