5	Easily one of the jewels of this fine city.  Located behind the University of Wisconsin's Memorial Union, the Terrace faces one of Madison's four lakes, Lake Mendota.  Stop by here any evening in the summer and you'll find about 1000 people sitting around drinking beer and eating brats.  Free live music (Violent Femmes and Yo La Tengo were two recent highlights), fantastic mix of people, and excellent scenery, no visit to Madison is complete without at least a stop here.
5	A true icon of Madison.  Anyone who has lived in Madison for school or otherwise is sure to have a fanatical devotion to the Terrace.  My own fond memories include rebounding left-behind beers as an 18 year old, the way the lake water turns gelatonous in mid-August, and watching numerous fantastic live shows during the summer.
4	I have nothin' but love for this place. Fond memories of 40oz. paper cups of beer that you'd drink by yourself, Pat McCurdy, bratwurst, movie nights and just plain hot, sticky Wisconsin summer nights. Just get there early, or you'll be standing and I'm docking the Terrace a star for replacing the 40oz. cups with those stupid pitchers.
5	Eternally grateful to the UW for giving me five awesome years and an infinite storehouse of sublime memories.  No words would do justice to the setting and experiences provided at this sacred hallowed ground.
5	A truly amazing place.  I now live in Minneapolis and I miss the terrace greatly.  If you are in Madison in the summer make sure you visit the terrace at around sunset to enjoy the lakefront view.  How many universities have their union on a lake?  I have so many good memories of hanging out there in the summer sharing pitchers of beer among friends.
5	Absolutely perfect place for warm-weather lunch, dinner, drinks, or just hanging out. I was lucky enough to grab a lunch at the Buraka cart this week and enjoy a lovely & warm spring (and uncrowded) day at the Terrace. Who doesn't love their first Terrace event of the year?
5	Somehow, no amount of homework overload, exam stress, or just plain crappy days were ever any match for the Terrace.  There are so many ways to chill and just "be" down on this lovely stretch of concrete meeting lake, orange Terrace chairs, and fresh Mendota breezes.  You can sit and watch the crew teams glide past you on the water, zone out and watch the sun set, let the chattering of a hundred other people wash over you, or take in a band and salsa dance your heart out.  I miss this place dearly, and every visit back to Madison is sure to include a walk down to the Terrace.
5	The Union Terrace exemplifies what Madison is all about - friends, food, (beer), and community. It's perfect on a warm spring day when you can sit outside, read something inspiring, enjoy some stellar Babcock ice cream and relax in front of the lake view. The rest of the Union acts as a central point for some of UW's most popular student organizations.
5	Free music, cheap beer, brats, a lake view, and a good crowd.What else do you need to enjoy a summer night?
5	Yeah, it's F-ing awesome.  For NYC-types, it's like the bohemian beer garden without the bohemians...But with ice cream, a pretty lake, and college students.
4	Love the Union Terrace. Beautiful during the warm seasons.  One reason Madison is the most beautiful campus in the Midwest... maybe the U.S.?
5	LOVE IT - One of my favorite places during the warmer months. Celebrated by Bday down there with friends last year. Definately a high light of the summer. Great place to chill and relax.
5	This is the place to best remember my college days. (sometimes crappy) open mics on Fri nite (or is it Sat nite? my small brain can't remember anymore) at Der Rathskeller, cheap beer, great brats and good music at the Terrace. The best of all Terrace moments? Eating 2 scoops of Babcock ice creams while enjoying hot humid summer wind from the lake. From time to time, I'm craving for Babcock ice cream... I think I have to buy a pint of those orange custard chocolate chip soon.
5	BestUnionEver...nuf said.
5	This place is the very essence of Madison. Come in the summer, drink a beer (the selection is amazing), and look out on the lake. You'll understand.
5	Wow, this place is amazing! If I had gone to school here, I never would have graduated. We sat on this patio right on the lake and enjoyed a few pitchers of beer while listening to live jazz and watching waterskiers whiz by.If you aren't a student, you have to fill out a little form and pay a little more for your drinks, but it's all good.
5	Beer.Friends.Lake.Live music.Popcorn.HEAVEN.The End.
5	If you are visiting Madison & can only see one thing... skip the capital and visit the Union Terrace in the summer.  I would specifically recommend stopping by on the afternoon of Friday, August 3.  Soak up some sun, have a brat & beer, and watch Pat McCurdy in the evening.  Nowhere I would rather be!
5	Can summer in Madison, WI be any better?!  No!  Thanks to this place for providing me with so many fabulous memories and good times.  From "studying" (aka people watching turned into happy hour) on the first warm and sunny days of spring to jamming out to bands and drinking pitchers of beer throughout the lazy days of summer, I absolutely adore this place.  I find myself longing to be chilling, feet-up in a citrus-colored metal chair overlooking a Lake Mendota sunset, breeze blowing through my hair, a cold paper glass of beer in my hand, with my best friends and not a care in the world.  One of my most favorite places on Earth....
5	The best Ice Cream in Madison. Babcock.
5	Oh how I miss the Terrace! There's no place better on a summer night in Madison. Live music, chill crowd, good beer... it really doesn't get closer to perfect. There's always a great mix of students, alumni, families, and friends. What goes better with beer than Babcock ice cream? Nothing is the correct answer. Run, do not walk.
3	Whatever. I am reviewing only the Patio by the Lake, and of course, Der Rathskeller, where the BEER is from. Take it or leave it.College Pub, right at University Bay, on Lake Mendota.Walk all the way down State until it runs into campus, walk past first set of buildings, then hang a right and walk until you hit the water. The Rathskeller is the college pub, and there is a huge patio right on the lake, where there are often college bands playing. This is a great place to relax, right on the water. Sit outside, with a pitcher of ale, watch the boaters on the lake, or just sit and enjoy the nice weather, while smirking to yourself realizing that in another 3 months, the lake will be frozen, and the environment will best resemble Russia in the wintertime, or any other frozen over hell. There is a reason smart people don't live here in the wintertime, and for me, it's because I HATE TO BE FREEZING MY ASS OFF. But perhaps your German blood enjoys it. Well then..........Auf Wiedersehen!
5	i mean, for a student union, this is about as good as it gets.patio, view of the lake, free live music, beer. hot damn hot damn indeed
5	You'll find everyone from current students to long-since-graduated alumni hanging out at the MU Terrace, and there's plenty of reason for that.When I lived in MadTown, this is where I planted myself for a good chunk of every summer.   I don't drink, so I can't speak for the beer, but I never heard anyone complain about it.  Beer or no beer, you can sit outside and enjoy a great day listening to some kick-ass live music on the terrace while watching the boats drift by on Lake Mendota.  It just doesn't get any better than that.  In the wintertime, you can hang out indoors among the dark wood interior.  There's always something going on, so check the schedules that are posted up around the Union.  Damn, I miss Madison.
5	This is one of the greatest places in all of Madison- especially in the summer.
5	This place is the heart and soul of the University of Wisconsin campus. This is where it call comes together: the water, the fresh air, the great beer, the fun, laid back atmosphere. I personally spent many a lazy spring or summer afternoon during my undergrad years at this place. But not a minute of it was wasted time. If my son ends up attending the UW like his poppa did, I'll be sure to make it out there to have a cold brew with him after his last spring final. After he turns 21 of course.
5	How can you not love this place? Madison lacks a lot of big city things, but the union makes up for it.
5	Wow. I miss Madison a lot.  I grew up and went to college in Madison, and I have to say that it doesn't get much better than the terrace, although there are so many reasons to love Madison.Who doesn't like free live music, beer, food, the lake, and a bunch of attractive young people relaxing and reading? My brother is starting school at the UW this fall, and I know I'll be back on the terrace when I go back to visit him.
5	If the day ever comes when I make the decision to tie the knot with a special someone, you can bet I'll be pushing hard for The Wisconsin Memorial Union Terrace.Its simply amazing.It would be impossible to put into words the many great experiences I had at the Terrace, so here's just a sampling:-They have a winter carnival!  Ice golfing, Ice sculpting, and kegs!-Hoofers.  Nuff said.  Jackson Hole, Sailing Club - nobody does it like Hoofers.-Tabbouleh, Hummus, the baked goods - all tremendous.-Der Rathskeller!  Architectural wonder.I adore you, Memorial Union Terrace...Thank you for all that you've done for me.I'll see you in August...
5	I don't think I can say anything that other Yelpers have not already said about this quintessentially  WI landmark.  So, I'm just adding my 5 stars.
5	GO BADGERSSSSSSSSSSSSIf there's one thing I'd like to take with me from Madison when I leave the town (sob sob), it would be one of the green/yellow/orange chairs at MU. They're so quintessentially Madisonian!
5	Might as well jump on the 5 star bandwagon. This is Madison's greatest asset in a city full of things to do night and day. If there is one place in the city I wish I could pick up and take with me wherever I go, this is it. The beer is cold and really pretty cheap for the quality microbrews you can get. Always great to kick back and relax to whatever band is playing or just watch some ducks (or freshman trying to learn to windsurf/sail/kayak).
5	What's there not to say about the Terrace that hasn't already been said.  Study here by yourself, with a group, meet people here after class (okay, who are we kidding, between class) for a pitcher--what have you.  It's not just a student haunt (just because it's on campus doesn't mean you only have access to it!) as I've met plenty of coworkers here on occasion after the 9-5 grind to lay low.  I heart you Terrace!
5	I was Yelping Madison before I came, and if there's one thing that Madison folk get downright weepy over, it's the Terrace.So we went.  And I totally get it.  Insanely cheap microbrews, get to keep the pitcher, great selection, sitting outside by the lake....  I'd be weepy over it too if I lived here.
5	My #1 favorite thing to do in Madison is have a pitcher of beer with friends at the Terrace in the summertime.  There is just nothing better.
5	Every spring, on the first beautiful day, the only thing I can think of is how much I would give to be at the Terrace. It doesn't matter where I am, that is where I want to be. That pretty much sums up how amazing the Terrace is. Cheers to Madison!
5	The Terrace is simply the heart and soul of the UW campus and Madison itself.  I've got to throw in my five stars too.  There's nothing more relaxing that sitting by the lake splitting a pitcher of fine beer with your friends.  Seeing a band you love play the Terrace is an experience unto itself.  The beer, the pretzels, the popcorn, the Babcock ice cream... I could go on and on.  The best graduation present I received was a lifetime membership to the Union from my parents.  It has been consistently used ever since.I was around 22 when they switched from the big paper cups to the pitchers, and I've been on both sides of the long-running argument on that issue.  Of course I loved getting a giant cup and trying to drink it all before it got warm, which usually led to a bit of trouble if you "upped the octane" with a stronger beer.  Now with pitchers it's a bit more convenient if you're splitting with your friends, but I almost always forget to take it back for the $1 deposit.  And that there is basically the only gripe that I can even think of with the Union.  There's something about the place that just makes you a nicer person.Last night I went there for a friend's birthday, and it was a typical perfect Terrace experience.  We got a pitcher of Two Hearted and ambled around for a bit, scanning the crowd.  I said hello to a couple of old acquaintances from bygone classes, people I hadn't seen in five years or more.  Another friend's cousin happened to be there, playing euchre on the side tables.  We then moved down and sat on the grass in front of the stage as the band started up.  Some of us went for ice cream cones, I went for a pitcher of Hoppalicious.  We ended the night sitting on steps near the lake, watching the sun set and the little kids tossing pebbles in the lake.  The bugs weren't bad at all, but a few sprinkles led us to call it a night around 9:45.  On the way out I ran into a coworker's sister and waxed rhapsodic about the Badger football games we all had been to over the last decade.  I can't think of a better time to be had.
5	I have yet to be anywhere quite like the Terrace, and it's one of the things I miss the most about Madison.Grab a cheap pitcher of some delicious beer, pull up a bright yellow chair and take it all in.  Great views of the lake, plenty of room to gather in big groups, and sometimes live music.
5	This is one of my favorite places on planet earth. I am serious. The authenticity of the this place is amazing. The Union has a lot to offer, but I will be focusing on the drinking, because I spent very little time doing anything else there.The Union has to main drinking area. The first, is the Rathskellar. It is a genuine, real deal German Brew Haus. This place is gorgeous on the inside. The walls are covered with beautiful paintings that tell the legend of Paul Bunyon. Screw you Minnesota ! We are claiming him.The "instant boner" feature of the Union is the Terrace. The Terrace is a four tier German style beer garden that overlooks Lake Mendota and comes complete with a stage for live music. I get the tingles just thinking about it. The music is usually nothing special expect for the occasional strange act like "The Violent Femmes", but the shows are always free and the beer cold.The Union at University of Wisconsin is one of the only "wet" student unions in the nation. The funny thing is, that when the University tries to cut back on student binge drinking they always get called out because the Union sells more beer then any bar on campus. Ha!The Terrace basically functions as a giant preparty for the entire campus. It is like one giant living room. This is like the superbowl for Euchre players. The Union is a reminder that it is the little things that make life worth living.Poem dizzle.Awe inspiring.Lake Mendota is gorgeous.Makes me melt inside.Talent Level ? Molten Metal.
5	All I can say is that when I saw this place for the first time I thought to myself, "this is where people go to school?"Available to students:Beautiful viewsBeerIce CreamBoatsNot a bad way to spend four years.  Oh yeah, the student union is opening a Peet's Coffee soon.  Probably the first one in Wisconsin in fact.  Congrats Madison, you have become infinitely cooler.
5	Anyone that went to school here knows what this place is about.  The beer, the music, the atmosphere, the chairs, the movie nights, the fireworks, etc...Of everywhere I've been to, this is one spot that truly holds a place in my heart.
5	Memorial Union is important in defining the Madison experience. Great place to study and grab eats/drinks for students during the school year. Amazing place to relax and enjoy the scenery during the spring and summer. I miss my summer filled lazy days at the union. This place will always be loved.
5	This review is totally superfluous but I feel like it's obligatory at the same time. Obviously everyone knows the University of Wisconsin at Madison Memorial Union Terrace in all its full name grandeur is the greatest location in Madison. As a true Madison native this place has served as benchmarks of different points in my life. The visual image that comes to mind when I think of my home turf. It IS Madison encapsulated from all the different people who have come here and will always be that lingering image of home. The most spiritual place I've ever yelped.
2	Seriously?  I can't believe this place is number one for best restaurant in town.  The food is outrageously overpriced and most of it is of poor quality, fast-food style.  The only thing that is good here is the beer - for which you must have a student ID to purchase.  Still, it is nice sitting out on the terrace and drinking on a warmer day (comon' Spring!) and looking out on the lake.  It also is a nice small venue for concerts and other performances.  But if you're looking for someplace to eat, don't come here.
5	When you die and go to heaven you end up here with a beer in your hand.
5	Of all the things I miss most about Madison, the terrace tops my list. There is nothing like sitting with a group of friends, listening to live music, looking over the lake, eating Babcock ice cream, and splitting a couple pitchers late into the warm nights.... *sigh* absolutely nothing compares.
5	What's not to love about this place!?!?Outside, on the water, beer, live music, tons of people.This place is a prime spot to hang out with friends and enjoy a few brew, and it is the perfect place to read a book on a sunny afternoon.  It doesn't get much better than that.  This is my favorite place to hang out come spring time.  My Uncle, who lives in North Carolina, still to this day makes sure I enjoy the terrace from time to time in the summer for him.  Anytime he visits it's a definite go-to spot.Not old enough to enjoy beer?  Not a problem.  Inside the Union they offer delicious ice cream.  I am not an ice cream person anymore (I say anymore, because I think I literally used to be addicted to it), but on a hot summer day I can't deny a waffle cone filled with a delicious frozen dairy treat.  Mmmmm.When I move out of Madison, this will truly be the place I miss the most.  *Tear*
5	there's nothing new to say about the terrace that hasn't already been said, but it's hard to live in Madison for this long and NOT review it....so I'm agreeing with all good reviews before me: 1. Best atmosphere during the summer.2. Best place for large groups.3. Best place to get excited about life and Madison.4. Best place to relax after a long day at work.Only drawbacks: 1. A pitcher of beer can be expensive if you want anything good- certainly don't go here for cheap drinking. 2. Not a great music venue for quality, but certainly for free music in an energetic atmophere.
5	Honestly the best place in Madison if you want to get the feel for the city and campus.  Everyone seems to be in good spirits, and on a warm,sunny day there is nowhere else you should be going in Madison.  Between the many available beer choices on tap- including Strongbow- and the great food choices available inside the Union...the only complaint is the line for beer.  Live music, gorgeous lake views, and chatty students create a great atmosphere.  Love it.
1	I drove here from across town based on its solid 5-star Yelp rating and is classification into 7 different Yelp categories - Burgers, Delis, Sandwiches, German, Vegetarian, Pizza, Mexican - which led me to believe it was Madison's mecca of culinary delights. Turns out. It's not.It's a CAFETERIA.Look, serving heat-lamped brats and Becks does not make this place German. Likewise, Taco Tuesdays, no matter how popular, does not make it a Mexican restaurant. I would go on and on, but I don't want you to think I'm all anti-badger here (go Bucky!) I just feel that people should know that this may be the best cafeteria in the history of college campuses, but it is still just a cafeteria.
3	Most food sucks here.  It's crappy cafeteria food that seems a bit too expensive.  Hot dogs are particularly inedible.  I am told the brats are great though, but I'm not a real fan, so I can't comment.I guess the whole idea of eating and drinking by the water doesn't seem so impressive to me.  Where I grew up, you could do that all the time, basically year round, and in lots of different places, so it's just not such a big deal. I don't see what's so great about the crowds during the summer.  I mean, I like a festive, happy environment, but I don't like big crowds either.  It's kind of pretty, but in a very small scale, hokey kind of way.  Eh...
4	Spent many an evening studying here - all-purpose location for students and friends.Highlights: summer concerts on the lakefront, good beer at the Rathskellar (and they also serve it on the outdoor terrace, where they're lax enough not to force everyone to show i.d.), Babcock ice cream, TV-show sports events, view of Lake Mendota, made some strong friendships over pitchers of Capital Amber. Lowlight: Food is not as good as what is available on State St. and sometimes the mosquitoes get the upper hand.
5	I finally get it.
4	Love that they have veggie Italian sausage.  Wish they had cider.
5	The best reason to pull a Tommy Boy and take 7 years to get your degree.
5	I am so biased in my review of the Union, but that's because I have a personal obsession with the building, the events in and around it, and the sense of community formed from experiences in it. I literally made my best friends because of the Union.  word.Without a doubt this is the one place that you *have* to go on any trip to Madison. A million different places to go both inside and out of the building, so you're bound to find some nook that you're happy in.. BUT, I will just focus on the outdoor Terrace rather than the indoor area because there's just too much to say.- Free live music most nights in the summer booked by students on the WUD music committee- Best place to people watch, period.- Brat stand- Beer! (Did you know the Wisconsin Union was the first student union in the nation to serve beer? Drink your pitchers with pride!)- Babcock ice cream! (homemade by the university dairy!)- Beautiful view overlooking the lake (and swim off the pier if you dare..)- Hoofer sailing! (Take lessons, go out on one of the boats with a friend who sails, or just watch them go on nice windy days)The Union was a vital element to my undergraduate days in Madison- Go enjoy it!
5	I cannot tell you how amazing this place was.  I wish my university had something like this!  The terrace gives you access to all of the basic staples of life, sausages, burgers, ice cream, beer, all of which are to be enjoyed on a beautiful terrace overlooking the lake full of kayaks, sailboats, and so on.I focused mostly on the sausage and beer when I was here.  I got a grilled bratwurst on a great bun, and that just left me hungry to try the italian sausage, which also comes with grilled onions and peppers, and marinara sauce.  All of this was washed down with two different local beers, which I thought were pretty darn good.
5	Ambiance 12 stars food 4.. food was average not great not awful, but you could eat healthy if you are  ninja like me. But what a view and its so retro and cool. Love it!
4	A legendary place, for sure.  Great place to socialize with friends, especially when the weather's nice and you can sit outside.  I'm not sure I can add much to the reviews, but I'll try.1. Don't come here for the food.  As others have said, it's nothing spectacular.  The brats are decent, but the buns - ick.  Far too bready.  The Ice Cream is ok - it's not "life altering" but it's decent.  And for some reason, the infamous Rice Krispy bars (which are the size of a cinder block) have taken a particularly bad turn... they used to be glorious; now they taste like week-old grease to me.2. Enjoy the beer.The Union has a decent beer selection; I highly suggest you try the Rathskeller Amber Ale (brewed by Gray's Brewing in Janesville, WI).  Pricing is fair - most of the 24oz beers are around $4-$6.  A pitcher runs between $8 and $12.  That's not bad in my book.  3. Enjoy the vibe.When the weather's nice, there isn't a better place to hang out than on the patio at the Union.  People watch to your heart's content, watch the dozens of sailboats, dinghys, and regular boats bob up and down on the lake, or watch a band on the free stage.  When the weather's bad, you'll sit inside at a heavy wooden table and do the same - people watch and/or enjoy a band.Downsides?- It gets crowded at times.  Finding a good table can be a challenge, especially if there's an event taking place.  - Membership requirement.  Unless you're a student, you'll likely have to buy a $50 annual membership card.  Not a big deal - you can get a temporary membership for free, but eventually you'll have to buy the real deal.- Parking.  Like most of Madison, it can be a challenge to find parking at the Union.  Your best bet is to park at the ramp that's at the "bottom" of State Street, wander through the mall area, and hit the Union.  Weekend parking rates are about $3, and it's less than a 5-minute walk.So that's about it.  The Union in a nutshell.  Definitely one of my favorite places to go during the summer - maybe I'll see you there.
5	Perfect place to spend a sunny day - or afternoon at least.  Great views, great beers, and plenty of people to watch.  Bring friends, bring a book, bring yourself, just make sure you get to the Union when you're in Madison.
5	I love, love, love Memorial Union - was always one of my favorite campus spots as a student.  Going back now, I let the nostalgia wash over me...and then take advantage as much as I can - Babcock ice cream, giant M&M cookies, Rathskeller, and, of course, beer on the Terrace and that fabulous lake view.  Who doesn't love it here?
5	This place definitly is a must see spot if you are visiting Madison.  It is a major hub of campus and has wonderful views of the lake.  It is always great to grab a pictcher of beer and sit out on the terrace.  If you aren't drinking you can always grab a delicious coffee from the Peet's that is inside.  Heidi the barista is great and knows how to make a perfect latte.  Live music on lots of weekend nights too.
5	Words cannot describe how awesome the Terrace is.  Any time of the year ( except maybe the dead of winter) the Terrace is the perfect place to meet friends for a beer, to study, or just to relax and inhale some fresh air.  There is always some event going on.  When I was there for undergrad, the Terrace had some pretty decent bands come and play in the evenings.  there is something magical about being on the lake in the summer listening to good music, drinking good beer and being among good friends.
4	Really nice atmosphere and view during the day. With nice weather you can't beat the terrace. The beer is reasonably priced. The only downfall would be that it can be loud and crowded, but if you don't mind huge crowds this place is perfect for you.
5	This is a must if you are visiting Madison! Nothing can compare to sitting on the green, yellow, and orange metal chairs on the terrace on a nice summer day or night. Taking in the view of Lake Mendota while listening to live music, drinking beer, and being in the company of friends is something that I will carry forever. I'm obviously biased with my review having gone to school here and had a couple jobs while in school in the building but I think that people from out of town would enjoy the Memorial Union too. The building was built with donations from selfless students that would never use the facility while they attended school in the great depression.
5	Duh- Terrace = Awesome.#1 place to go in Madison in the summer. Live music, good social atmosphere, right on the lake, reasonably priced beer. You just need to get a 'guest pass' if you are not an alumn.They don't allow dogs. But if you do have a dog, just pretend to leave and walk around in a circle. It works every time.
5	debated if it gets 4 or 5 stars, because the food is so crappy. however, pete's coffee, babcock ice cream and local beer ftw. the place to be all summer.
5	This is what summer in Madison is all about!!!Great beer,Free, live musicPOPCORNVeggie brats (though they run out far too quickly)Ice creamIts fun to bring some board games and just spend a summer night there!
5	Great place!!  We just came in from the Chicago area over the Easter weekend (Spring  Break for UWM as well) and while the rest of UWM was predictably dead the Terrace was packed full of people (families, students, couples, friends, everybody) drinking beers and just sitting looking at the lake and otherwise enjoying on a cloudy day at the beginning of April!  Awesome!
5	Definition of Madison in the summer!
5	Madison's campus has a lot of good things going for it, including the infamous Union Terrace. Great beer selection (Spotted cow!), great ice cream, great music, and great atmosphere right next to the lake. When can I go back???
5	Not to be missed on a nice day in summer.
4	The outdoors, free music, good beer, good friends. Wisconsin can be lovely when they aren't raving football lunatics. :) Nice amount of tables and space, right on the lake.Rec: If you see abandoned pitchers, take them! You get $1 for each that you return. I saw some girl with like 11 of them. :) Don't forget to return yours, too. Vibe Killas:One of the three performances the day we last went was really good; the others were actually quite terrible. At least it's free? But maybe not so much when you actually want to leave. Only Union members can buy beer. Seriously?
4	Great place to relax with friends.We were there in the evening and enjoyed the live music.Grab a pitcher of beer and a brat and you're all set.
5	In summer, there is simply no comparison to any other spot on earth, much less out the backdoor of any student union at a college or university in the country.The Union Terrace is clean, relaxing, full of people, with great staff that keeps the food coming, brats on the grill, beer selection flowing, and live music and movies all in full view of Lake Mendota, sailboats, windsurfing.I was there this past week and found myself relaxing for hours -- for the first time in a long while! Great for the students and visitors too!
5	Beautiful setting, lots of people, beer, brats ice cream, and live music. The place to be on a summer night! 5 stars!!
3	dear memorial union terrace,you are wonderful, really.but i lost my favourite knit cap due to your wonderfulness. (i.e. a pitcher of beer) albeit, my fault but now it'll be rather bittersweet every time i see you.regards,me
5	Every time I come down to Madison to visit the baby brother, he takes me to get ice cream in the Union.And every time we get ice cream in the Union, I cry inside that I don't have this wonderful place in Minneapolis.The patio is gorgeous and the view of the lake is insane. I am so jealous of Badger people. What a fun atmosphere and a great privilege.I will be back on Labor Day weekend, so ready the peach ice cream!
5	How can you talk about Madison without talking about the Memorial Union Terrace.  This is arguably one of the greatest places to kick back and relax, and the glue that ties madisonianites together.In the summer, spring, and fall, the terrace is a beautiful lakeside hangout that appeals to just about anyone who loves a little outdoors time.  Whether you want to go for a walk down the scenic path, sit at a table with friends and enjoy a pitcher of authentic Wisconsin beer, listen to a live band, or watch a movie on the big screen, the terrace can provide it.  It tends to support a large crowd, especially on nicer nights, but if you're ok with a lot of socializing and possibly some music playing, your in for a fantastic treat.Almost everyone I've brought here in the 19 on and off years I've lived in Madison has loved it.  I think part of the appeal is that people are always in such good spirits down there, with the combination of the view, the campus, and Madison's personalities.  The bands that play on weekends can vary, so it's helpful to look some of that info up ahead of time if you're in the mood for a specific genre.  I've heard everything from latin jazz to rap to metal, to alternative, etc.  The movies play during a good portion of the summer, and a lot of them are college classics but there is a rogue pick or two mixed in (I think their is some kind of voting system you can be a part of to decide which movies but I honestly can't remember)You can also rent boats, and the Terrace is just a block away from state street.  Bottom Line, if you live, visit, or stop through Madison, don't miss the Terrace.
4	Five stars for atmosphere, three stars for food.  They used to have a bad roach problem.  Hopefully they finally got control on this.  The patio is great the beer is great, the food is ok, nothing really that special.  Could use some real improvement in the food department.A couple of great theaters and nice art displays and a gallery.  Nice place to hang out and have beer and meet up with friends.  On the lake which is beautiful.
3	If your are over 25 and reading this stop your self... I don't get it, this is a campus food court. If you find this to be good food grow up and eat at the mall. Same price, same quality and your not that creepy old guy standing around the young girls.
3	The Memorial Union Terrace is hands down the most popular place in Madison to get a beer or a Babcock ice cream during the summer. The feeling of drinking a pitcher of Spotted Cow and watching the sailboats go by on Lake Mendota is absolutely unbeatable, and is one of the most authentic and unique "Madison" experiences you can get.Some of the meeting and study rooms are beautifully built with an intricate attention to detail that rivals even the State Capitol. Others resemble a preschool playroom that doesn't clean the crayons and puke off the walls.Movies, shows, and hobby clubs of all kinds are hosted in this building. Whether it's getting a computer fixed, or Hoofers scuba diving training, or seeing pre-screenings and foreign films at the Play Circle, every other specialized activity in Madison happens here.As much as I like the Union, though, I never spend a lot of time there. There are a number of downsides to this place which repel me from it, student or not.1. All Wisconsin Union food is godawful, and unbelievably overpriced. Peet's makes some of the worst coffee I have ever had in my life, the food at Lakefront on Langdon has never once failed at making me throw up. Both Lakefront and Der Rathskeller will charge you over $10 for a plate of bullshit food that would have cost you $5 and tasted twice as good were it ordered any local fast food restaurant. They have piss-poor cleanliness standards and the food sits out under heat lamps for days at a time.2. Don't even try to get a table here on a weekend night in the summer. You'll never find one, much less be able to get anywhere near the center of the biggest clusterfuck in the city. The bands on the terrace at night are a great touch, but you'll have to get there at 4pm if you want to actually sit down. Shows in Der Rathskeller aren't as fun.3. You need to either be a student or pay a monthly membership fee to buy drinks here. Technically you need that to use any of their facilities, but that's never ever enforced. Friends and family of either are welcome.4. There really isn't shit to do here if it's the winter months and you're not big on arts & crafts or whatever else they host here. Most of the public meetings/offices here are for student groups that really do nothing other than give their members something to put on their resumes.
5	Love love LOVE the Memorial Union. A visit to Madison would not be complete without stopping here for Babcock Ice Cream on the terrace's famous multi-colored chairs. There is nothing better than spending a summer evening on the terrace, listening to free, live music.The music they bring in both for the terrace and at the Rathskeller is eclectic and always a good time.People of all ages spend time here, it is not completely overrun by students, especially during the summer.The historical architecture of the building is gorgeous, and although the lake isn't the cleanest lake, it still makes for a beautiful view, and there are multiple docks to go sit out on.The bar in the Rathskeller is particularly ideal because they do not accept tips, which saves you quite a bit of money, PLUS they give you money for returning their plastic pitchers to them.
5	Amazing place to be when the weather is nice.  The terrace is the best place on campus to share a beer with some friends and just relax and enjoy the rare warm weather in Madison.  You will always run into someone you know, or a great place to make new friends.  During the winter time, the Union is not as enjoyable, but sill boasts the best food selection of any on-campus place.
5	What can you say about the good old Memorial Union and Terrace of the University of Wisconsin - Madison. It is spectacular YEAR ROUND! You head on into the Der Rathskeller for a beer and maybe a burger during the winter and it is just a warming place. In the spring and summer it makes you feel like it is summer! It is great! Then there is the terrace in back on the lake. During the summer they have live music for free and of course a little beer and brat station! IT is fantastic! Being from Madison, this is my absolute favorite place to hang out during the summer, grab some friends and just sit down there and relax, talk about life, goals, downers, everything! It can get a little busy but that just means it is an amazing place right?! Anyone and everyone should have the privilege of going here for a night and see if they don't return a hundred times more. Walk along the lake a bit, watch the water and the majestic scenery that is Lake Mendota and Madison, WI while sipping an ice cold beer on a warm summer night.... Wow, I am missing it like crazy just writing about it!
5	This is one of the two things that I miss the most about my old school. I have so many great memory about the Union. This was where I first had Babcock Ice-cream.This was where I came to meet friends.This was where I came to enjoy beer and music on the terrace during Summer.This was where I got to sail and windsurf on lake Mendota during Summer.This was where I waited for the Van Galder Bus when I wanted to go to Chicago.This was where I got to see the frozen lady Liberty during Winter.This was and will always be the place to be when you are at UW.
4	I am not a Badger, but my afternoon at Memorial Union was enough to make me wish I had considered UW in my college search many years ago. We spent a beautiful summer afternoon on the Terrace looking out over the lake and listening to some fun music by a big brass band. We had some Babcock Ice Cream. We drank some delicious beer and enjoyed the company of friends. There were a ton of people there, so people watching was fantastic. We stayed until after sunset and then headed on our way. It was a wonderful way to spend a few hours.
5	Let me preface this review with, I am not a Badger, I am a Hawkeye. However, sitting on the patio last Saturday listing to the jazz band, drinking a Ranger IPA, people watching, looking out on the lake, made me want to be a Badger for the day. It also made me yearn for my carefree college days.....ahhh...patio drinking all day with not a care in the world, that was the life. It was very busy but we managed to find a seat in the shade. I basically burn when the sun hits my skin, so shade it imperative if I don't want to look like a lobster in 5 minutes. Wisconsin is such an amazing state and I sing it's praises all the time. This was one of those moments when time stopped and I looked at my friends looked out at the lake and thought, "WOW, this is a great state to live in" and then chugged the rest of my beer :) Just kidding...kind of. A lot of folks were eating what looked like delicious ice cream, brats, hot dogs, etc. The scene was not overcrowded with students since it was summer but they were present along with a nice mix of families, older folks, and middle aged couples just catching up. There were lots of sail boats and power boats parked near by hanging out listening to the music and enjoying the day. Life is easy breezy out on the Terrace.
5	I loved this place! The atmosphere was good and beer was even better.
5	This is one magical place. I visited for the first time this week with coworkers, and it was just lovely. It didn't hurt that we had perfect weather to enjoy the space. It's casual, beer pitchers everywhere, and grilled items to purchase for dinner (or an inside cafeteria), eaten at bistro style tables overlooking the lake. There's a stage for bands, or open mic as we watched on Tuesday evening, with Univ students showing us their musical talents. It reminded me so much of my hometown, Cape Town... and I seriously fell in love with it. It's a place worth driving up to Madison for.
4	Brought the family here on vacation.  It's a very cool patio to hang out at on a nice day, with a big crowd, great beer and ice cream.  There is a dock where people can hang out and swim and the view is pretty nice.  I also like that they don't take tips for beer.  We saw some people having pizza, which is apparently pretty cheap in the cafeteria.I didn't see that there was a lot to do here other than people-watch...not sure how much fun it would be if nobody showed up.  There was no live music when we attended about 3 PM on a Saturday afternoon.
5	Lakefront patio + beer is all you need to know
5	Incredibly cheap pitchers of craft beer (think $12 Oberon or Gumball Head pitchers) and delicious cheap food (think $3 burgers)...overlooking the lake. Could not get better!
5	This Student Union is like no other. It is amazing and the setting is beyond beautiful. I recommend going in the summer when you can have your own table and you don't have to fight for chairs...Babcock Dairy sells ice cream here, too.  I posted photos of my son eating the Blue Moon Ice cream. Totally delicious no matter what flavor!The cafeteria is pretty good, the prices are reasonable (although I am not a student on a student budget) and there are movie nights and live music as well.  This is just the heart of the summer when it comes to living or visiting Madison, WI.
5	never had a bad time here... get a beer, watch the sun set over the lake, and probably hear some good live music to boot...
5	Firstly, I would like to call out anyone who says it's cold in the winter. You are an idiot. Wisconsin is cold in the winter, get over it. It isn't the fault of the Union that the weather is too cold for you. Just because you live in California in the winter doesn't make you 'smarter' than those who don't.Second, WHO ever said this was the number one restaurant in Madison? Pretty sure if you went to the website, you'd figure out pretty quickly that it's a college union/gathering place and not a restaurant. That's kind of on you. It's not about the food, people. Did you notice that there are other types of listings on Yelp than restaurants? This is one of them. Do, however get you some Babcock Ice Cream in the front lobby off Langdon - good stuff but prepare for a line on summer weekends. The Memorial Union is the boiled down essence of Madison summer. MU, State Street, and the Capitol Square Farmer's Market collectively IS Madison in the summertime - and it's wonderful. Long hours drinking beer on the terrace and watching the boats, listening to bands, just talking and enjoying the precious northern summer are what I remember about this magical place. In the winter, there are plays, shows, events, bands, etc and cozy little spots to study on a cold night. This place is awesome. On Wisconsin!
5	Memorial Union is pretty fantastic. Whether you're grabbing a sandwich at the cafeteria or a bevvy of beer at the Rathskeller, this centrally located hub is tops. And, of course, the terrace is like no other. Beautiful. Tranquil. Fun. And perfect for people watching or relaxing with friends. During my collegiate years I drank many a beer on this patio and consumed tons of delicious sandwiches, cookies and more. As others have said, this is home to many who live in Madison and a must-visit for those who drop in for a weekend. If you're lucky enough to grab a seat on the terrace in the warmer months, keep hold of that table...it gets super busy! Be sure to grab a scoop of some delicious locally made Babcock ice cream on the way out!
5	I absolutely LOVE the Memorial Union Terrace at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The food is great and diverse...there are American, Italian and Mexican food choices as well as a salad bar, dessert bar and healthy food options. But the best part of this restaurant is by far, the amazing view of the lake. Whether you are sitting lakeview inside by the window or on a bench ten feet from the lake, the beauty is inevitable! It is one of the places that convinced me to want to attend the University of Wisconsin-Madison. It has such a great campus feel to it. There are students looking over notes for their exam in an hour, professors picking up a bite to eat before lectures, or families with high school students taking the tour of UW. It is such a great place to socialize AND get work done, which is very rare on a college campus: usually it is just one or the other. I recommend stopping here if you ever are on campus. It gives you a perfect taste of the school. I especially recommend it in the summer on a sunny day :)
5	This place literally cannot be beat.  There really is not much else that needs to be said.ON WISCONSIN!
5	If getting a pitcher (of beer) opt for the "Sconnie Beer" - same price as Bud/Miller/PBR but better and local
4	No trip to Madison is complete without a visit to the Memorial union. When I was attending school here, we would often go down and listen to the bands (some of which were well known touring bands) and have a beer on the classic patio. The view of the water, and the people watching here is perfect. Now, this said, there is more to the union than the patio (or the silly sorority and frat kids). Oh, hey, when it is nice out they get the grills going and you can buy brats too. Der Rathskeller is a great place to hang out - especially the side rooms with the cool murals on the walls. Sure the food is student centered and meal plan approved (I think) but it gets better every year - so while there is junk food, there is better stuff as well. The Paul Bunyon room is a personal favorite, and is one of the spaces that is being restored. There is in fact a whole plan to restore the union's many rooms. Sadly parts of Der Stiftskeller's murals will be moved (whatever that means). Some of the plans will make parts of the union look like an airport terminal or corporate lobby. But most of what they plan to do looks pretty cool. At least they still have German meatballs and currywurst. Where else in the USA can you get currywurst. I read also that this was the first student union to allow beer! Way to go Wisconsin.
4	We decided to come to the union terrace on a Saturday to get a great seat and settle in with a pitcher of beer at about 6pm.  The seating was about 3/4 full, but we managed to get a great seat overlooking the water.  There were already rowdy crowds of college kids rampaging around, but you gotta love 'em.We started by getting a pizza and taking it out with us.  It was definitely "student food" tasting like a normal frozen pizza we would make at home.  However, the beer was excellent.  As the sun set and the pitchers kept flowing, the scene really filled up.  At about 9:30pm a band started to play and a crowd formed dancing by the stage.  This was a great place to be if you like drinking (me), relaxing by the water (me), and watching people dance well and not-so-well (double me).
5	It doesn't matter if you're 8, 18 or 80, this will always be the most fun place to hang out in Madison. I just really hope they stop doing construction for 1 year so it can be properly enjoyed.
5	If I ever find myself homeless in Madison, you know where to forward my mail.
2	It may be the fact that I have been here so many times that this place really doesn't have any mystique left. The ice cream is alright; the "restaurant" (cafeteria) that hopefully still isn't here was where I decided to have standards when it came to my burgers; and the terrace just isn't my place. The Union has all of those things but drinking pints of beer, listening to a random band and taking home the containers might be your thing.
5	Don't bother eating here.  Go straight for the pitchers of beer!Favorite Activity: playing cards on the terrace in the summer and picking up any leftover pitchers that out-of-towners leave unattended!  (You get a dollar for every pitcher returned!)If you've ever studied German/been to Germany, you must take a look at the Ratskeller.  When the fireplaces are lit, it's a great place to study!The only thing that is missing is the Dance Dance Revolution machine that they used to have circa 2003.  :(
2	It's great if you are under 30, over 30 find another locale.By the way if you are over 30 in Madison are there any options?  Yes, there are, leave and find another larger fabulous city.My recommendation is to be invisible or go somewhere else.
5	Before I graduate, I feel obligated to review some aspect of the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The Memorial Union is by far one of the best places on campus for visitors, students and alumni alike.While I would not recommend spending a ton of time at Memorial Union in the winter, from April to late September, this is the place to be. The Terrace is a destination for doing homework, enjoying music and drinking beer in the sunshine. The building itself is significant historically and a main hub for the university. I work next door in the Red Gym and we always have people come in to ask about the Memorial Union and the Terrace. Coming back to school this past fall, the one thing I was looking forward to was getting a beer and sitting on the Terrace. I had turned 21 over the summer, so I could finally order a pitcher of Spotted Cow and look out at Lake Mendota. Everyone in Wisconsin (who is over 21) loves beer. And cheese curds. The Union has both of those. This spring (2013) the majority of the back of the building and the Terrace is under construction. I will truly be heartbroken if I cannot take pictures on the Terrace after graduation without getting a dump truck or something in the background. However, I have faith that the university knows how important the Memorial Union is to everyone in Madison and will do everything it can to make sure the Terrace is ready once the warm weather comes along.
5	As a non-UW student, I can only really speak for the Terrace, but it has never ceased to amaze me, both in its simplicity and the joy that can be derived from experiencing a sunny afternoon/evening on this beautiful lakefront locale.It's a must-see for UW visitors, Madison tourists, students, young professionals, families, ANYONE. I don't understand the person that said that you shouldn't come here if you're over 30 -- one of my favorite things about the Terrace is the variety of people you see. On the one hand, you have the college student/young professionals, there for the delicious pitchers of beer and the beautiful views; on the other, you have toddlers there for the ice cream and the fun chairs. (OKAY EVERYONE'S THERE FOR THE FUN CHAIRS)I can't stop raving about this place to friends that visit or guests that stay at the hotel I work at. There's something magical about being daytime drunk. Throw in (frequent) live music, a killer vibe, and super delicious ice cream, and you have a recipe for an amazing day.
3	It's been 4 years since my first review of the union; a lot has changed since then.Notables:+ They are improving the appearance/layout of the outdoor food stands. There's a new, stone-clad stand that serves food (brats, burgers, chicken, grilled corn) and beverages (beer, wine, soda, water). It looks nice, but could be more fully staffed. This past weekend, the wait in line took more than 15 minutes per trip.+ More construction in progress - look for an updated pathway (near the water) with a gazebo and additional beer carts. + You can bring your four-legged friends. HOWEVER, you will only be allowed to sit with them on the lowest level (nearest to the water) on the terrace. I don't quite comprehend this rule... it's all outdoors, right? There's absolutely no shade near the water, so bring sunscreen and some water for your pooch (and yourself).
4	This is a great place to attend a conference. It is spacious with many different sizes and types of rooms. The building has charming historical architecture and decorating. Downstairs is some of the best ice cream in the Midwest. The UW catering team has the best food I have ever had at a conference by far. The terrace by the water is spacious and great for evening/night activities. I always look forward to visiting here.
5	Do you often find yourself doing nothing on a weekend afternoon?If that's the case, the Memorial Union will be the perfect place for you!Come here for all of the nothing you do! Come here to relax and do nothing!Gaze into the blue, crisp waters as you do nothing!Hear the birds chirping among the trees as you do nothing!There's so much nothing to be done!!
5	7/1/13 My wife and I biked downtown.  If you want a fantastic view of Lake Mendota here it is.  They are under some construction, but that doesn't affect your ability to enjoy the terrace.  We're not UW alumni/students, but were still served (maybe I shouldn't have shared that ).  A great place for beers, burgers, and brats.
4	Good place to hang out and enjoy the sunset
4	Beer, food, a beautiful view of the lake, and live music. What a magical combination . . .
5	Beautiful place to hang out
5	What's not to love about this place?Seeing Mendota, enjoying the sunset, getting together with friends, having a cheap yet romantic date with your loved one are among other things you could do here. For those enjoying beer and some burgers, the restaurant serves them well.I love Memorial Union and I heart UW-Madison. Glad I chose this fab school!
5	Is there anything better than watching the sunset over Lake Mendota while sitting out on the Terrace with a nice cold beer in your hand?  Nope! A summer in Madison is not complete until a visit is paid here.
5	Sitting at the Terrace on a mild summer afternoon with a pitcher of beer while a band plays has to rank in the top five of my favorite things to do in Madison.  The recent remodels were great updates.  I always wonder what the other half is doing.
4	If you're visiting Madison on a beautiful Summer day, or even a nice Spring or Fall day, the terrace at the Memorial Union is THE place to be. The beautiful lake, the people watching (lots of wedding parties taking pictures here), and the ice cold beer...it's just a great spot to sit back, relax, and take it all in.
5	Every time guests come to Madisonand every time I take them to the UnionI'm saddened I didn't have something as stellar when I was in school in Campaignbut thrilled that I can MORE than make up for lost time. See now that I'm not in school, I don't have finals, I don't have homework, heck I don't have class and so I can take my laptop to the lake and work away with a beer in one hand and some ice cream in the other! The Union is solid. Unfortunate there's no Madison based biz doing coffee (although Peet's isn't anything to poo poo) but other than that... food options are decent, beer is plentiful and the ice cream, well the ice cream KILLS. It's a blast to sit outside and watch the world go by, wonder how college co-eds have time to sail, swim, paddle board, anything on the water really and contemplate how much better life at a student union is when you're older.
5	I did not go to UW Madison, but I freaking love this place.  New docks... outdoor beverage service, cheese curds (finally), live music, swimming area... good views (of lake and people)... Good work Badgers, show it to recruits to your many sports teams and they will for sure be enticed to go to school there...
4	Where was this when I was in college!!  And why didn't I go to Madison JUST for the lake views/activities?!  LOL.  This is a really fun summer afternoon hangout.  Think "picnic food" in terms of variety and quality, but hey, it adds to the experience!  And a college campus venue that serves booze?  (honestly, why didn't I go here for college?!).  This is a must-see in Madison!!
5	Absolutely stunning views. This is a must-see for anyone visiting Madison. The Union is a giant outdoor area that is frequented by both students and locals alike. Whats so great is that the area is friendly to everyone in the community. Grab an ice cream from Babcock Hall Dairy Store and find an open table and colorful chair to take in the views. Make sure to take a few silly photos on the ginormous colorful chairs! The area is home to some great local events. My absolute favorite is the Fourth of July spectacular, Rhythm & Booms. It is hands down, the best firework show in the Mid-West. Music, fireworks, and beer. There is a plethora of lake-type activities during the summer. The Union is pure fun. It's a wonder how students get any work done!
5	Not much needs to be said about this place. Just go. Go, drink some beer, sit in a Union chair, watch the lake, and eat ice cream. Nuff said.
5	We were wandering around the university area and looking for a nice place with a view of the water for lunch.  We asked some local students about where to go and they recommended the Union.It was a great recommendation!  There are so many options for food, including cafeteria style and a bratwurst stand!  Obviously, we had to get the bratwurst.  There was a bit of a line but it moved quickly.  I was even more pleased when I saw they had my favorite cider, Angry Orchard, on tap!  That was my first time seeing it on tap.It was a lovely, delicious meal with perfect views of the water and boats.  We were all very happy.
5	Sit on a chair (the more gigantic the better), drink a pitcher (the more New Glarus the better), and feast on relaxation. Many a person also seems to get drunk on ice cream, go figure. It's the kind of atmosphere every college wishes it had.
5	This place makes me a proud Badger.Especially in the summatime. It's the best lounging out on the terrace on a sunny day, watching as the rays make Lake Mendota all sparkly. The other seasons are beautiful just the same because the lake remains year-round, thank goodness. Great study space too. It gets all cozy when the leaves and snow get to fallin, in a way that makes you want to spend the night and never leave...Stay gold Memorial. Stay gold.
2	The Union continues to change... unfortunately, not for the better.Yes, the views from the outdoor terrace are incredible.Yes, there is a semi-decent tap list available, and for reasonable prices.Yes, they are continuing to improve the look and feel of the place.But....- The Nazi-like policies around bikes and pets simply astound me... No bikes allowed anywhere within the terrace area. No exceptions. I had ridden my $3500 fatbike to the terrace the other day, and realized I forgot the key to my lock... the terrace wasn't terribly busy, so I carefully parked my bike in an out-of-the-way location, yet in a spot where I could keep tabs on it. Within a minute or two, one of the gestapo came over to inform me that bikes were not allowed anywhere on the terrace property, and that it was clearly marked on the pamphlets that were on the tables. I looked around and saw several bikes in the terrace area and exactly zero pamphlets. - No pets allowed in the terrace area. I sort of understand this rule. But... as someone who really despises ill-behaved youngsters, how is it that buzzed parents are allowed to let their obnoxious kiddies to run around, screaming, bumping into people, spilling things, littering, and being unruly, while the union staff turns a blind eye? I'd venture a guess that my 5.1-lb, non-yippy, well-behaved dog would cause less of a ruckus than the majority of the 'lil tikes that terrorize the union on any given Friday do.- Loooooooooong, slooooooooooooooow moving lines for beer. Crikey - add some more staff or some more taps, please. On any given weekend, you'll be lucky to score a pitcher in anything under 15 minutes.- The food sucks. It's not just bad, it's awful. Unless you really enjoy an over-cooked, low quality brat surrounded by a super bready, semi-stale bun that's 4x bigger than the brat. And, if that terrible brat wasn't bad enough, consider that you'll pay $5 for it, and that should make you feel even better.- Not terribly group friendly. I wanted to host a work celebration here, and to invite about 30 people to attend. I called to clear it with the union and was told that they don't allow large, formal groups to attend in the terrace area, and that my only option was to rent the upstairs facility. I guess it's ok for 30, drunken, obnoxious fratties to sit around discussing female conquests and the latest in popped collar fashions, because I'm certain they didn't send an e-vite beforehand.- On most nights, the entertainment on the outdoor stage is horrible and far too loud. I can't tell you how many nights I've had my eardrums blown out by dudes screaming into a microphone during open mic night, or how many times I've left early because some "band" was "playing" "music" so poorly (yet very loudly).- The bathrooms aren't big enough to handle the large weekend crowds. So... I'm sorta' done with the Union. I realize I'm bucking the trend of oozing love and adoration for this place, but if you step back for a second and consider that all it really has going for it is a view of the lake, you may realize there are better venues.
5	What a nice place to hang out. Their remodels reduced none of the charm, and improved their service. Do yourself a favor and camp out when you go; it's comfy like a couch.
5	Iconic spot in Madison. If you're visiting, and it's between April and October, you must go here.
4	Hung out at the union for the first time Saturday night.Good food, company and great views of the lake. A must see spot when visiting Madison.
5	Really fun spot for outdoor movies, sunsets, food, drinks, live music, sunbathing, plays, ice cream and probably more things that I forgot.Bring the kids, bring grandma and grandpa. This it's a great spot for everyone.
5	As a visitor from out of town, my first stop of Madison was getting dinner and drinks at Memorial Union Terrace. We got there around 8pm on a summer week night, and the sun was just starting to set. Sunsets at the Terrace are BEAUTIFUL! There's the lake with a bunch of boats lining the horizon and the pier full with people enjoying their food. When I picture a chill evening out on the lake front, this is it. The surrounding area has a variety of food options including the Brat Stand, the Gazebo, and a few other stands that I didn't get to explore. THE BRAT STAND*Brat $3.75 (highly recommended - great flavor, though smaller portions. would get 2)Vegan Brat $4.25 (heard from a meat eater that this wasn't very tasty)Hamburger $3.75Cheeseburger $4.00 (another popular option besides the brat)Bacon Cheeseburger $4.75Veggie Burger $4.75Hot Dog $3.50Chicken Sandwich $4.25Corn on the Cob $3.25 (Grilled with the husk)Ranch seasoned corn $3.60Chips $1.15A ton of different beers on tap*There's a station on the side to add your own condiments including onions and relishSEATINGThere's a bunch of small tables with about 3 seats around the "upper" and "lower" level of the terrace in between the union and the lakefront. There are also benches closer to the water, and you can also sit along the pier with your legs dangling above the water. The evenings are pretty packed, so try to go with a smaller group of people if possible in order to maximize your chance of finding seating. Overall, this is an ideal place to enjoy a cold beer on a warm evening while watching the sun go down over the water. Can't beat that!
5	Fun that just never get's old - Stop by the Union today
5	Center of Madison student life.-Tons of secret little spaces to study-Der Rathskellar has frequent concerts and movies-Live bluegrass on the terrace as the sun goes down-Not that I'm condoning this but it's very easy to get a drink without an ID here-Those adorable chairs-Beautiful to watch the lake all year round-Ballroom upstairs for events-Artwork from local people on display-Little known fact: they have CHEAP awesome hotel rooms on the fourth floor
2	Warning, I only went once, and this is only for the Terrace at night. But hands down the worst rap music and worst IPA beer ever.  Went in the evening and was blessed to have actually found a free parking spot right across the street. I was very impressed with how many people come here, quite the scene, but some awful guy was rapping on the stage, and swear I could have done a better job.  EVERYONE in our large group hated it.Someone got a pitcher a low end hoppy beer, and it was like drinking hop tea with a crateful of molasses, even starving college students like good beer.
4	Sometimes it's hard to find a seat but they have folding chairs in case you can't find one. But overall this places feels like a vacation, it's awesome.
5	I was brought here by friends when I visited from out of town. In mid July, our night here was perfect!  So many happy people sitting outside enjoying the waterfront, drinks, and food.  We got a couple of pitchers of beer which were delicious and inexpensive.  I was so impressed by the extensive seating outside, plenty of chairs/tables/steps to sit on and enjoy the beautiful weather and water.
5	The perfect place to relax and enjoy some of the best life has to offer. I found a couple negative reviews a bit amusing. If you don't like the occasional crowd and happen not to like the genre of music that happens to be playing on the stage, then obviously the Terrace is not the place for you in the evening.For anyone without a stick up his or her ass, this is a great location to grab a quick meal at lunchtime - the burgers, brats, and chicken sandwiches are inexpensive and better than what you can get inside the building. While you're at it, help yourself to one of the beers they have on tap or a delicious pink lemonade. I like to just grab a bite, then hang out all afternoon getting some work done on my laptop. The people-watching is about as good as you'll find in Madison during the summer.Sometimes I'll take a walk out onto the swimming pier and jump in for a little while. The lifeguards and regulars are friendly.Once the sun sets, the bands start playing, and usually there is something worth listening to. On Mondays, they even have movies that play up on the stage for free. These are usually classics like Caddyshack or something more family-friendly.
5	This part of campus is beautiful. Come thirsty and hungry because there are lots of things to try!
4	One of the centers of Madison student life, and a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the weather on the Terrace.You can enjoy movies or other performances at the Union Theatre, music in the Rathskellar or on the Terrace, take classes in all sorts of things through the Union's Mini-Courses program, and utilize the Craftshop if you're in need of tools to create things you can't do at home. There's also an art gallery with regularly revolving shows on the second floor, and beautiful mosaics, murals, and other architectural details throughout the building.A lot of local groups hold conferences or other events in the Great Hall, and while on campus I spent a lot of time exploring all of it's nooks and crannies for studying or otherwise hanging out with friends.If you're looking to enjoy an evening out on the terrace, keep an eye on what sort of music will be playing -- there's a wide variety, and if you're picky about what you're listening to, you might want to plan ahead.Parking can be problematic if you're expecting to get something right next to the building -- there's a small lot that's usually full, but there's a large parking garage about two blocks away, close enough for a mostly-pedestrian-occupied building.
5	Truly the hearty and soul of the beautiful, sprawling University of Wisconsin campus - what a nice way to chase the clouds away, lounging in a colorful patio chair and watching the ducks swin by. Intellectually stimulating landscape set against the backdrop of academic gesticulations. Was able to work on my new book, while having corn-on-the cob and watching world cup action on the jumbo screen. Picturesque and affecting interplay between Lake Mendota and the natural environment it frames. Bring your camera and bread to feed the friendly ducks and seagulls.
5	Banana peanut butter cup officially beats orange chocolate chip as best Babcock flavor.
5	I sat here once for six years.  Never got boring.  The beer and the view are five star.
4	Madison's paradise.The summers are always good and can be best at the Memorial Terrace. The lake around is spectacular and the sunset's from here are spellbound. You will feel the dynamic activeness around the place with lots of people and kids playing around.The Brat's stand is awesome. They serve the best hot dogs, beers and corn of Madison. Madison's best hangout spot.
4	The terrace is a great place to go and relax any day of the week during the summer months (I was only able to visit from June to August) . I went there at least once a week to hang out with my friends and play pool, study, eat, or just drink a few beers. There were some weeks where I visited this place many more times than I'd like to admit! The atmosphere is great because you get a very large range of people there, ranging from little children to older individuals, who all just like having a good time.This place has a great view of the lake, and seating ranges from inside, on the terrace, or right on the water. The beer choices are great and the summer grilling is amazing, complete with corn and brats! They also have a Babcock ice cream stand outside, which is usually faster than waiting in line inside (but less flavor options--and by less I mean you still have usually around 8 choices...).Also, there is live music played especially on weekend nights that helps make this place much more relaxed! However, some of the music groups are great, while others maybe aren't as good. Usually there is a large crowd whenever you go, so if you don't like crowds, then this may not be the place for you.  Overall, this is a place I will return to if I am ever in Madison again, and I'm going to miss the great atmosphere!
3	I feel like i have to make it clear and obvious that I am not from Madison and I am not a UW student...With that being said, I do like this place.  It is awesome that I can be outside, near the water and drinking beer.  The only issue is that it gets so crowded and loud.  No, I am not old.  It is just that when I go to a place like this, it is usually to socialize with my friends and that is hard to do when I am trying to YELL over all the other undergrads...I also get lost in the whole building.  That could actually be a positive because there is so much personality in the different rooms.  I did visit on a Saturday morning around 9 and there was nobody at all!  I got some studying done!  Then everyone started showing up by 10.  And ordering beers already...haha.  *And it has Peets.  I love Peets coffee.  It would be cool to see a local coffee place there though since the whole atmosphere is about Madison.  Either way, I would not hate to go here.
5	The memorial union is an awesome place to gather with friends, share pitchers of beer, and watch the sunset with live music in the background. Whenever I think of summer in Madison, the memorial union is always in the picture.Lines generally flow pretty quickly and the staff are always super friendly.
4	Walking around on the Madison campus and looking for a place to chill for awhile?   Head to the Union.  You often have music, spoken word, or dances .  There is grilled food, cafeteria food, junk food, and BABCOCK HALL ICE CREAM!  There are galleries.  Meeting rooms.  Places to hold a wedding party.  Great views of Lake Mendota.  I look forward to seeing theatre and music productions in the remodeled theatres.
