4	I really don't know if the name of this restaurant is catchy or annoying???  I'll let you decide that.  If you have been to Gold Coast in the past couple years, you'll find that the casino has been trying to attract more and more Chinese tourists.  With Ping Pang Pong, they are able to offer the locals as well as the visitors a taste of the mother land.  That means this place serves authentic Chinese food.  We thought the amount of food for the price paid was not equal; however, even to us Asians the food was quite tasty.
4	Driving down Hwy 15 towards Vegas, there are just so many billboards advertising Ping Pang Pong's dim sum lunch. We were getting hungry and after about the 7th billboard, we decided that dim sum it is. We headed straight for the Gold Coast Hotel and luckily we still had about 50 mins before the dim sum ended at 3pm.Ping Pang Pong might be a catchy name to entice Mid-Westerners into the establishment, but in Chinese, this place is actually called "Golden Ingot" -- a form of ancient Chinese currency. It is 'jin yuan bao" in Mandarin or "gum yuen bo" in Cantonese.We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. After we were seated, the tea and water was promptly brought to the table. However, when it came time for the dim sum trolleys to come around, it took forever. We were starving. Surprisingly, when they did roll around, the quality of the dim sum was pretty good!! Much better than what we can get in Irvine. The chicken's feet was tasty, so were the har gow. In fact, the har gow were so good we got 2 orders. Service sucks shit and after I handed in our ticket to pay, the bill never got to us. After a while I got sick of waiting and walked up to the counter to pay. If service was good they would've gotten a full 5-stars because to find such great quality of dim sum in a hotel like this, is absolutely incredible.
3	With a name like Ping Pang Pong, you're not sure if you're headed to one of 'those' shows in Thailand or sitting down for some dim sum at a Chinese restaurant.  When in Vegas, it's the latter...at least in this case.Seeing billboards all over town advertising their dim sum, I must admit, I was very hesitant.  I would even say I wanted not to like it.  But I did, believe or not.  Ping Pang Pong located in the Gold Coast Casino has some of the better dim sum I've tried in Vegas, and I've been to a few.It's a smaller restaurant than the only ones I've tried (listed below) and you can watch the casino floor as you dine.Saturday morning and we were seated rather quickly.  Quite a few Chinese people eating dim sum here as well, which is always a good sign.  They give you a menu with prices which is a bit unique for dim sum, but definitely helpful.  (Price ranges split into four categories for the most part - A plates are $2.18; B plates are $2.88; C plates are $3.88; and D plates are $5.88. ) Immediately after you're seated, the dim sum carts come your way.  If you can' t find what you're looking for, but it's on the menu, wave a server down and they'll order it for you.  Ping Pang Pong has a surprisingly large selection of dim sum choices and it's pretty good.  Regular steamed dim sum range in the A and B categories.  They even had the elusive Shark Fin Dumpling ($5.88), but no Shanghai dumpling.  They also give you the bottle of red vinegar as opposed to the dinky little soy sauce dish amount.  The Shark Fin Dumpling had a nice mushroom broth too that was quite tasty and stood out.  They didn't have the Pineapple Custard bun that I love so much, but they had the plain Pineapple Bun ($2.18).  The BF especially loved their Macanese Egg Tarts ($3.88).  He hasn't had them since being in Macau and even had an order to go. They have a decent amount of 'cool sweets' in the B plates - Red Bean Pudding Cake, Chilled Mango and Pink Grapefruit Cocktail, Tapioca and Purple Rice Pudding, Lychee Pudding, etc.  'Warm' and 'hot sweets' range from A through C categories and include Baked Tapioca Green Tea Pudding, Steamed Egg White and Sweet Cream, Seared Water Chestnut Pudding Cake, Thousand Layer Cake, etc. Service was okay.  We did have to wave the servers down as only certain people can assist you with special orders while others only clear tables and push the carts.  Prices weren't too expensive either and I would say it's moderately priced for a casino.  The only downfall would be if you came with a very large party.  It might take awhile to get seated if they are extremely busy.  Nonetheless, looks like Ping Pang Pong might be where I'm headed when I want some dim sum in the desert.Rankings for dim sum in Vegas thus far:1) Ping Pang Pong2) Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine3) Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant4) Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant5) Cathay House RestaurantSidenote: When you ask for hot sauce, be sure to specify hot chili oil.  It'll be the good stuff instead of the red sauce with chili flakes.  Well, it's the good stuff I prefer with my dim sum.  And of course, hot yellow mustard too.Updated! 06/10/07 - We returned again yesterday for dim sum and imagine my surprise when I saw pickled pig's feet being served!  This delicacy is usually only served after a woman gives birth.  A bunch of the older women relatives would come over and take over your kitchen while stewing up this stuff for you.  Once in awhile, I would wake up to this wonderful aroma when my mom felt the desire to make it.  I used to joke that I would have kids just to have people make this for me!  Now I can enjoy this vinegary fatty goodness anytime at Ping Pang Pong!  Yay!  For our party of five, it was about $100 with tip and tax.Updated! 03/02/08 - Went to dim sum on Sunday...arrived around 2:35 pm and was reminded they closed at 3 pm.  We were fine with that and were quick to load our table with all the dim sum dishes we wanted.  The staff horded around our table asking if we wanted to make any final orders since the kitchen was closing up, and we said we were good.  With that, the check was presented to our table.  We continued eating and it wasn't long before the server reached across for the bill.  (I told her it wasn't taken care of yet.)  She pulled back in surprise and walked away.  She then returned to tell me they were closing out the register, so could we pay?  I have been to other dim sum restaurants where you are 'allowed' to eat, despite the kitchen part closing.  It was pretty discouraging that they were so overanxious to get our money and to get rid of us.  The dim sum lady obviously hated her job 'cuz she was banging the little dishes around.   Note to self: Don't bother going to PPP after 2:00 for dim sum, service is crap.  Food is okay though...but going downhill.  Seek other dim sum restaurants SOON!  I brought their star rating down from a four to a three!
2	I recently tried Ping Pang Pong and I must say it's my least favorite dim sum place in Vegas.  It barely qualifies as dim sum since the dining area is tiny, the only view is of slot machines, there are so few clients since it's so small that the food selection is nearly nil!!  Some of the food is brought on trays since there's barely room for the carts.I took my wife and in-laws who were born and raised in mainland China and they agree it's nothing special compared to Orchid Gardens although they did like the chicken feet and congee they ate.  I couldn't come up with enough dishes to even eat so we bailed out after a couple of dishes and ate at the buffet instead!!  My wife commented that even the hot sauce was the cheap kind.  None of my favorite "ribs" and no Chinese broccoli in sight.  Prices were nothing special and it had zero atmosphere.  All this in spite of the fact that we know one of the servers.  I hate to say it but the service was also marginal.As an example of my dim sum credentials we checked out two dim sum spots in San Francisco the week before.  How about dim sum for four people including duck for all of $12.50?  This was at the Oriental Tea House in San Leandro.  Great place and not just because the food was cheap.Go to Orchid Gardens for dim sum.  Real atmosphere, great food selection and even friendly service!
2	With many of the good reviews I found prior to visiting Ping Pang Pong, I was severely disappointed.  Upon arrival, the long wait, approx 25 min, led me think that this was some place good.  All the good places have lines right?  There were also many other Chinese and other Asian people there which would also be another indicator.When I sat down and started getting food, I was a bit disappointed.  Some of the food that should have been hot or at least warm was rather cool.  Not the best sign.  Some of the food was good, but having spent over decade in San Francisco and about four years about 10 miles east of Los Angeles, PPP could not compare to any except the lower quality restaurants that I've tried.If you want a view, this is the wrong place to go because the casino is right outside the restaurant and that is all you see.
5	Despite the ridiculously belittling name (ching chang chong!), this place serves some great, authentic dim sum.  I've been to other places in town (Chang's, Orchid Garden, Cathay House) and this place beats them all! I would even compare it to some of the great dim sum places they have in Chinatown in San Francisco or Los Angeles. The classical dim sum dishes (pork buns, egg tarts, shui mei) all deliver, plus they have some other unique concoctions as well.The ambiance is great too.  I love sitting in a crowded little dim sum place, with the chatter of happy families eating together, surrounded by beautiful paintings and really great lighting!  They also have an open kitchen too which is pretty neat!If you're looking for some good dim sum in Las Vegas, then this is the place to go :)
5	We had lunch here yesterday.  The service and food was great.  Very authentic Cantonese food.  I didn't expect a good dim sum restaurant inside a Las Vegas casino.  It is a gem despite its undignified name.  Apparently it is not a hidden gem either because there was a long line outside the restaurant before noon.  Don't empty your wallet while waiting in a field of slot machines, save some to pay for the lunch.  Its Chinese name is Jin Yuan Bao (lit. gold ingots) which is a much better name especially to those high rollers in Vegas.It is actually much better than the dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.
4	On our first visit we arrived a lunch for the dim sum.  We were fortunate to have a waitress that was fluent in English because many of the women pushing the food carts were not.  We ordered the mandatory pot of jasmine tea and enjoyed all of the following:  har gow (shrimp dumpling), sesame rice paper shrimp roll, baked BBQ pork bao, lotus leaf sticky rice, silky tofu with minced shrimp and rice noodle rolls with BBQ pork.  We recently returned for a light dinner after seeing Love sharing orders of ba bao noodles (Mandarin noodles topped with a spicy shrimp sauce and peanuts) and Singapore rice noodles (light curry-flavored rice vermicelli with shrimp, BBQ pork and onions).  Both dishes were very good.
4	I was so adverse to coming to this place cuz of the stupid name for the restaurant until actual locals told me this place was one of the better casino restaurants for Chinese. Pretty damn good stuff.  I usually use my poker player points to pay for dinner here (side note..you want poker games with loads of reckless action..this is it!).  Never made it for dim sum here..only dinner but it sure is good.  We probably come here once every 2 months or so which is actually a lot considering all the choices Vegas offers.
4	My SO and I hit dim sum at least 2 times/month  - funny thing is we hit triple - P for late nite dining but rarely for dim sum - after an 8+ month hiatus, we returned on monday for a taste .....very good  !! the shu mei and har gow ( did i spell that correctly ?!?! ) ...tasty...we both appreciated  that with limited exception, the food was served hot...although we still give higher marks to ORchid's for taste and selection...Triple P might give them a run for the casino chips ...they served these mini hot-pots that were very tasty...none of the other dim-sum places serve this !!  $25 later we were full  ( comparable to the other spots )
3	Went on a weekday so that's most likely why i'm giving it 3 stars. On weekends when you get the crowds you're gonna wanna bring your A game week days are meh and the food was slightly above mehHaven't tried anything here that made me think ZOMGBBQPWNAGE. Of all the things we ordered the only thing i can call an Epic Fail were the deep fried shrimp balls with crab claw it was very bland and tasteless even for a deep fried dish.The steamed buns are fresh and very soft and hot but the filling was bland and tasteless if it wasn't for the color i wouldn't have known it was suppose to be Chinese bbq pork.I will definitely come back on a weekend to see what their A team can offer but for now it's a step above the other place i said was epic garbage
3	The BBQ pork buns were decent. The Thousand Year Old Egg and shredded pork porridge wasn't bad. Everything else we tried was a miss.Food-wise, this place is no better or no worse than say, Chang, Orchid Garden, Cathay House...etc. (Actually, Cathay House can be much better on the right day with the right server but that is another review for another day.)Limited Dim-sum selection and the actual square-footage is quite small.Not too shabby for a Casino Dim-sum restaurant.
3	Dim sum here is pretty good for a Vegas joint. However, I did not like the service! When my friend and I first got here (around 1130), we had to wait about 10-15 min before we could get some tea or even water to drink! It wasn't even that busy yet, and we were seated right away! Usually, at many dim sum places, it is automatic to get tea or water right away! Also, the carts did not come to our side very often, so we had to make sure to get plenty of things before we started really eating! (Especially the dessert cart! Geez! That one took forever to come by!).The place is also pretty small. We can barely get into or out of our seats, since they were so close together (so I just stayed in mine the whole time without moving it heheh!). The only thing that I tried here that was not as common as other dim sum places was their soft tofu dessert with sugar/ginger syrup. It tasted like a Filipino dessert called Ta-ho (except Ta-ho is sweeter and not ginger-tasting). That was pretty good. They also had a seaweed salad, (which looked very good but didn't come until we were waiting for our check), and we couldn't try it! Other than those two, just your typical dim sum place with a limited quantity of items!I probably would not go back here, especially if I ever have to wait! Geez...wait for a table...and then WAIT for a drink...and then WAIT for the dim sum...and even WAIT for our check/to go boxes! Unless you're with a big party, this place would probably be decent to have dim sum. Be ready to FLAG those cart people! Expect a wait on the weekends starting around 12 (We went on a Sunday). Btw, the price for most of the dim sum is about $3 a piece, so it could add up if you want to try lots of things...(They also charge for tea!)
4	Great dim sums here. The 'thousand year old egg porridge' is quite good. Jin Sha Bao is good too, and they always run out of it fast.
1	Here's the story-- I was in Vegas at a trade show, a colleague had this place recommended to him as 'great Chinese' so we agreed to try it for dinner. I had the opportunity to check out the Yelp reviews beforehand, so I could see that the general consensus was: don't come weekdays, come weekends for dim sum. We came on a Monday night. I'm a somewhat adventurous eater, so I figured, what the heck.Bad idea. I have to say--- probably the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. And I'm a very forgiving person. So I DEFINITELY do not recommend coming for dinner on a weeknight. You can decide for yourself if you want to take the chance that it's so much better on weekends as others have noted.The story: 3 of us got there about 8, the place was maybe 3/4 full during our visit. We ordered 3 dim sum plates for appetizers. These eventually came out, one at a time, about 15 minutes apart. The dim sum was really tasty, but the slow delivery was a bad omen.Waitress eventually came back to take our entree orders. Colleague #1 got his entree approx. 30 minutes later. Colleague #2 got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #1. Colleague #3 (me) got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #2.  And I had ordered tofu!! During this hour and a half wait, we asked the waitress several times about our order, and she wandered off and came back with various excuses each time. It was clear the kitchen had forgetten entirely about my order. But even from the time they realized they had forgetten me, it STILL took at least 30 minutes to get the food out to our table.Horrible. And just to make the night memorable for all, my colleague #2, who had ordered a scallop dish, came down with food poisoning that night which stuck with him for the next several days.Oh, and if you haven't been to the Gold Coast before-- it's a dump.
3	You kind of get what you pay for here....don't expect a high end Chinese restaurant at these prices.  For the $, PF Chang's is much better food....but I recommend Pearl at the MGM which is really an experience with Chinese food.  The service here is abismal and it has a fast food feel to the restaurant....and of course, it is not very convenient to people staying on the Strip or Downtown.
4	Where: The Gold Coast Casino.What: Amazing Chinese food!!!Yes, four stars given!!! I've eaten at some really great Chinese restaurants in my time. All over the San Gabriel Valley, OC, Los Angeles, San Francisco, etc, etc. This place amazed me! There is TRULY great Chinese food in Vegas, and Dim Sum as well!  Located in the Gold Coast, this place was filled with Asians devouring Dim Sum for breakfast.  Siu Mai.Har Gow.Bean Curd rolls.Fried Taro thing.Beef Meat Ball. Other misc. Dim Sum. Lop Chong Fried Rice. Low Mein. All frickin amazing. I'd put this place up against some of the places in the So. Cal/No. Cal area.  Definitely worth a try!!!
4	Although the place is small, the dim sum is pretty good to me. They have a good selection for dessert. Not much of the regular dishes, but the taste was pretty good.
4	The best dim sum ever in LV that we ever tasted.  If you stay at the strip like we did, you have to drive a bit.  It's close to the china town.  ANyway, a friend of mine said that this place is good.  So, we gave it a try.  We noticed their giant billboards all over the place. Anyway, we got there. Although, it wasn't full house, they were quite busy.  We waited for a few minutes after we got our tables to be approached by the ladies with the dim sum carts.  We ordered quite a lot. As 2 giant piggies, we finished everything.  :)The conclusion is good food, price is not bad. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the service.  There was totally none.  We'll probably come back here just to grab quick dim sum.
4	I went for a Dim Sum lunch on a Thursday.  I got there around noon.  I wish I'd arrived earlier, say at 10 AM when they open, because I had to wait, and it was a little bit busy for my tastes.  Service was okay, although I had to flag down a waitress or wave over a cart lady a couple of times.  The porridge with shredded pork and thousand-year-egg was superb--light, fresh and like no porridge I'd eaten to date.  I also had shrimp in rice noodle roll (slightly spicy, and there was plenty of pepper sauce on the table to turn up the heat as desired) and custard buns--silky, rich yellow egg custard just barely sweeter than the dough (I have this thing against eating once I'm full), and wished I could have tried everything.  If those aren't the most imaginative choices, take heart; I'm slowly working my way through all the dim sum offerings in Las Vegas.  I simply order whatever I see first.  So far I've tried Harbor Palace and now Ping Pang Pong--I think that Ping Pang Pong is the better of the two.
5	We stumbled upon this restaurant by accident, and I am happy that we did.  The restaurant has an open, modern feel.  My friend and I took a seat at the counter, where we could get a good look at the chefs preparing the food.  I ordered the Honey Walnut prawns, and it may have been the finest Chinese food I've had in my life.  Practically orgasmic.  I was disappointed that I found this restaurant on my final night in town, or I would have gone back for more the next day.   It will certainly have a spot on my Vegas itineraries in the future.
4	dim sum yay!   Haven't had anything from the regular menu here but the dim sum lunch was just like back home in the bay area!  $30 for 2 people, and we were stuffed, the carts just kept on coming! **it gets a little crowded and it's in the middle of the casino, but if it's cheap and the food is good...I'm all for it and besides...it's Vegas baby!!
4	There might be better Chinese food in Las Vegas but I bet it aint as cheap as Ping Pang Pong. We really enjoy this place and it wont break the bank
5	MUST GO ....if you are looking for a gooood authentic Dim Sum. Best Siu Mai and Har Kow in Vegas. A bit more pricey than other Dim Sum places but its so well worth it. My daughter loves this place! We used to go to Harbor Palace years ago, but the quality have since dropped. The Dim Sum are just not the same quality you get there compared to Ping Pang Pong. I heard another good (real authentic cantonese cuisine) place is some Orchid Restaurant (not Thai) up in Sahara and Jones somewhere. Its in the corner, a very very old restaurant. Havent tried it, will go someday when craving for chinese adn blog it.
1	ok first of all... lets just start out by saying I am from LA... and lucky for me we have Chinatown and the entire San Gabriel Valley a.k.a. China! Now maybe Vegas just doesn't have too many authentic chinese restaurants but damn this was the worst dim sum I have ever had in my life! My friend took me there 2 weeks ago and well the name kinda threw me off to begin with but once I tried the shu mai... damn it was over! I didnt want to try anything else. The simplest dim sum and yet they couldnt even get it right. The beefballs were too overcooked too!  Even the tiny little pork buns were to run from. How does this place stay in business? But then again maybe they are catering to a different crowd. What really struck me as weird was the fact the place was full of asians! I mean, is this suppose to be as good as it gets in Vegas for dim sum? If so, I'd rather stop by a trader joes and pick up a pack of frozen shu mais. You will have much better luck going to the frozen food aisle at a supermarket for good dim sum. Oh one more thing.. horrible service. The employees are literally fresh off the boat! I guess thats the only thing authentic about this place, their workers! hahahaha Trust me when I say I will never come back here or recommend this to another soul.. unless i hated them and wanted to waste their money! =D
2	We previously had a wonderful dim sum brunch, but our dinner this evening proved to be disappointing.  Service this evening was beyond slow so I called over the manager and explained we had a show to catch and could she call over a waitress.  She literally called across the room and a waitress soon appeared.   We gave our orders, Singapore noodles and wrinkled green beans, while advising of her of our evening's plans.  Our green beans arrived, but some 10 minutes later we were still waiting for the noodles.  I again called over the manager who called over the waitress who checked with the chef and said it would be a few more minutes.  Both dishes were decent, but it would have been nice to enjoy them together
2	My last few visits to Ping Pang Pong have been less than stellar.  Sure, I really thought they were the best dim sum experience in Vegas (compared to the other few we have), but they have been going downhill since that very first visit (and review).  First off, there aren't that many dishes offered anymore!  They used to have a larger variety and now they are lacking!  They don't even offer the Big F's favorite - the Macanese egg tart, which really puts a damper on things.  (They apparently are trying out this new egg souffle dish instead.)  I haven't seen the pickled pig's feet ever again as well.  Blah!Service was pretty horrible too.  I thought it was because I get dumped at the corner table all the time, but I just think it sucks.  The last time we ate there (last month), we didn't even have all our dishes and serving utensils before the dim sum arrived.  It took awhile to wave down a waiter and get some tea.  We ordered a plate of Singapore noodles and that took forever to come out as well.  And it's so random when it's busy.  On one Saturday I went, there was no wait.  And then other times it's a good half an hour wait for a party of four.  You just never know.However, I have since requested that we go back and try the other dim sum places in Vegas again since PPP leaves me less than happy and not satisfied.  (The Big F claims that when he went without me, they had tons of stuff coming out!  Maybe I'm bad luck or something!)
4	4 dim sum stars for LV standards (I mean, this is NOT Hong Kong or LA's SGV.)Here's some of the dishes I remember: 1. Marinated chicken feet2. Fried taro balls3. Sticky rice in banana leaves 4. Sweet tofu flower soup (huge!) 5. Sticky rice cake with matcha filling 6. Almond covered shrimp 7. Sesame covered shrimp8. Beef chung fun Haha...the Ping Pang Pong name is soooo wrong. When actually looking at the Chinese characters, it literally means golden yen treasure.
4	Howard T is right.  Why is this place called Ping Pang Pong?  I thought it was Ping Pong Pang.  Why oh why doesn't a person realize how this sounds?  It's like naming your noodle house Pho King.  WTF?Anyways, Howard T, myself and a few other guys went here because my friend (the same friend who insisted on going on the 95 to get to Oyshi Sushi) had a $90 food credit.  There is no way that 5 guys can go through $90 worth of dim sum, right?  WRONG.  DEAD WRONG.  There were 5 of us guys and 4 of us weighed more than 180 lbs each.  We can eat.  We can eat A LOT.  Especially for dim sum.  It only helps that their dim sum is tasty.  Sure the portions are a little smaller and the prices are a bit more expensive than those you'd find at Chinatown, but they're still good.
1	Blah. ummmm, yeah NO! Not only do they charge PER beverage (which really ignites my jewish irritation meter), but it's located in the Gold Coast, gh-e-tto!  And the name of the place -ping- just -pang- stresses -pong- me out.Walk in, smell smoke, see a geriatrics ward of mindless gamblers pawing over their social security check. I felt like strapping a cardboard box to my chest, peruse through asking, "diapers, cigarettes, change for a nickle."The food was ok, interesting experience needless to say, but they claim to BE THE BEST IN LAS VEGAS! -big bold lettering.  Maybe, it's the only one?!?  Whatev!Service was crappola, our waitress was oober rude, surfin' the crimson wave apparently!I won't go back.
4	Maybe it was all of the bad restaurant that I have tried prior to coming here but I thought this place was FANTASTIC. Granted the service was not that great and they were a little slow. It's also in one of the oldest casinos with probably the oldest clienteles. But this place is an actual gem. I got to give it to them.............they know how to make dim sum. The dofu fah, har gow, sui mei, Chinese sausage and egg white fried rice, beef cheurng fun were all very good. If you are here for the Koi Palace atmosphere, with the Koi palace experience then this probably not for you. This is more of a down home Chinese soul food restaurant........ the way it was meant to be. Good, reasonably price being that it is in a casino, and rude servers pressuring you to buy from their carts.
5	(2) ShumaiShrimp Har GowShrimp Ball covered in RiceVeggie EggrollsPork SpareribPork Rice PorridgeCoconut Buns(2) Soft DrinksThis ended up being a little over $30 which is awesome! That means everything was under $3... Which is getting hard to find in LA or OC lately! Okay, so this is my second visit to Ping Pang Pong... I went this past November because so many of my Chinese friends had recommended it.. Well, it was pretty good but not that great. I found out today that its because it was packed back then. When you go on a slower day - its freaking awesome!We got there at 10:30am (they open at 10).. We were the fourth table seated and dim sum came out right away. Everyone is super nice and attentive... Granted, the cart ladies dont speak English ; but thats completely normal for a dim sum place, so I was okay with pointing!Everything was delicious! Well, I was disappointed with the pork spareribs... But it was my own fault. Apparently they have 2 versions... One has a slightly Charsiu type of taste, like a slightly sweet bbq... I didnt like it too much, but then I saw another lady pass by with the regular garlicky bean sauce spareribs. :(   Oh well. Cant dock them stars on that, its my fault!!Our empty plates were taken right away... Our drinks were refilled promptly... We had a few people come and ask us how everything was... Overall I had a wonderful experience!Oh one other thing... We wanted Shrimp Noodle... We asked the lady and she said it would be available later. We were sad and paid for the bill... While I was finishing my Coconut Bun (They make the BEST Coconut Buns!!!!) another lady brought her Shrimp Noodle cart to us because the other lady had requested it for us. At this point we were stuffed to our brim AND our bill was already paid for.... So I was def sad... But oh well. . .. I actually grew up a bit in Vegas and always had dim sum in Chinatown... Cathay House as well as the original Chinatown Plaza have both been declining in quality and taste - so PPP is my new go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas for sure! Its also good to see that majority of the employees there were the same ones from Nov. Any company who retains majority of their employees is a sign of a great place! :)
4	We stopped here while on a booze run at the gold coast! The 4 of us ordered and shared our dishes. I ordered the Chilean sea bass which was not what I expected, It looked more like some sort of pancake but was not so bad it was breaded which I am not a fan of and a little to greasy. One of the group ordered a tofu dish that was great! I think that was almost the favorite of at least 3 of us! We also had some shrimp and if I remember right pork chops? We also had some hot and sour soup. Overall the food was pretty good but we were all pretty hungry also! I would go again and now after reading some of the other reviews I would probably try the Dim Sum...
3	We were looking for a Chinese Restaurant that serves Dim Sum late.  We stumbled across this restaurant in the Gold Coast Casino around 1:30 am.  At first we didn't know if they were closing.  No one acknowledged us for a good five (felt like 10) minutes, and nobody else was waiting.  There was no staff in sight to welcome us or take our name.  Right before walking away, someone finally confronts us.  Because we were hungry and lazy, we ended up waiting another 5 minutes since the place was packed.  Once we sat down, service was tolerable.  Our drink refills came frequently, and the food was prepared quickly.  We got our Dim Sum fix with Shu Mai and Hargow...pretty average.  Everything else (Fu Chow Fried Rice, Black Pepper Beef, Kung Pau Chicken, and Walnut Prawns) exceeded the standard except for the Hot & Sour Soup.  Bad start...but good finish..
4	Went on a Monday morning right at opening time with a party of 8, none of us Chinese nor fluent in figuring out what things are on the carts. I've had dim sum in San Francisco and Toronto; this visit, this day, PPP was almost on par. Almost everything was delicious. We had several different dumplings, some buns and several selections from the menu as well. One standout (again, I apologize for not knowing names) was a shrimp dumpling that had a creamy, slightly sweet filling that almost "burst" in the mouth, and was served with candied walnuts. Oh. My. That was so good. Other dishes featuring pork, beef and chicken were fantastic.Total bill including tax and tip for 8 people and a ton of dim sum and 5-6 menu dishes: $200. An absolute steal. If I could go 4.5 stars, I'd do so. Ping Pang Pong is a winner.
5	Pros: Best Dim Sum in Vegas! Hands-down.Their traditional Chinese entrees are very authentic too.Cons:Waiting time.Price
4	I love the fact that I didn't have to wait in line like most other Dim Sum Restaurants.  We were seated as soon as we walked in.  Service was not great but prompt and friendly.  They don't have a lot of varieties but enough to satisfy your cravings in Vegas.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.   We ordered Deep Fried Shrimp Balls, Wrapped Sticky Rice, Deep Fried Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Shrimp Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Meat/Thousand Year Old Egg Congee.  Mango Pudding.  With the exception of the Mango Pudding, everything was good enough to compare to those found in So Cal.  I would definitely return if I am ever in a mood for Dim Sum while in the Sin City!
2	Inconveniently located about as far away from the parking at Goldcoast as you can get - this restaurant is great if you want to go to a dodgy casino and overpay for just-alright Chinese food. The bill came to $90 for 4 people and no one was all that impressed.  Don't believe their signs that this is the best Chinese food in Las Vegas.  It isn't.Make sure to check out the menu on Goldcoast's website that they haven't updated since 2006 so your guests can be disappointed that they no longer have Oxtail soup.
5	Went here for dinner with a friend after we arrived to Vegas at around dinnertime. After finding the name funny we decided to check it out. It was really busy with a lot of older Asian people which we thought was a good sign since they are normally picky about Chinese food. We were daring and ordered three dishes: Stir fried lamb with vegetables, combination spicy chow mein and a scallop in oyster sauce hot pot. The prices were reasonable at around $8 to $10 a dish. We also got hot tea, rice and each got a bowl of soup for free with our meal. The food was delicious. We were worried about the scallop hot pot because normally scallops are overcooked and taste chewy. But here, the scallops melted because they were perfectly cooked. Also, the sauce included cloves of roasted garlic that were just as good as the scallops. We ended up finishing all of our food without feeling greasy or gross like at many other Chinese places. A bonus is being able to see into the kitchen and watching the chefs cook the food.Tried the dim sum here. Surprised at the price at only $2.88 and $3.88 per dish. Friendly service and rather quick seating even when they were really busy.
4	While in vegas, our family friend who lives there recommended Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino since we were craving dimsum.  It was solid and pretty consistent for Dimsum. Fresh, the restaurant staff spoke Cantonese (which is the kind of Chinese that dimsum comes from). I give it a 4 because the dimsum is what I would expect out of a decent dimsum, but not AMAZING. For being in a hotel/casino, it's pretty good as well. Dimsum is usually either good or really bad. LOL It's tough to make it bad, but it happens quite a bit.  Whatever chinatown you go to, usually the crowded dimsum places are the best and having to wait in a line in vegas for dimsum meant Ping Pang Pong was decent and it was.  I would say it's a little bit above average.  Also...I'd have to say...dimsum and blackjack is quite a kool combination ya? lol. Not to mention the sports betting section being right around the corner =P The hilarious chinese restaurant name is funny too =D
4	First time having dim sum in Vegas and it made me feel like the east coast a little.  Food was fast and fresh, service was great and the flavor was amazing.  Ten plates of food came out to a little over $30 and filled up two people.  Great Dim Sum!!!
5	We went to this restaurant early around 10 in the morning, we ordered har kaouw , shiu Mai, they are yummy, chicken feet was well cook and tender, bi tan congee delicious and fresh, put some soy sauce a little bit to make it perfect. The service is good, the waitress replaced my plates 2 times maybe because it was early and not many people. The price is reasonable considering this is in Vegas, 9 items for 25.90 even cheaper than the one in Denver. Two thumbs up, definitely it will be first place to visit next time to Vegas.
3	I was worried about having to make a long time after reading other reviews, but luckily for us, we only had to wait about 20 minutes before getting seated.  It does help to only have a party of 2!  They had every one of my favorite dim sum dishes (turnip cake, tripe, bbq pork rice noodles, lobster claws) and even some new dishes too.The quality of the dim sum was pretty good, not the best but better than a lot of places in Orange county.  The prices were decent too, i think it ranged from $2-6 a dish.  We stuffed ourselves for $30.
4	i went here w/ my family and the food was delicious. surprisingly coz most chinese places are dirty but this one was actually good. they have this really cool kitchen where you see the chefs cooking your food. it's great for a casino restaurant...you gotta try it. it tastes fresh and autentic.
5	This is the first time I've found good food off the strip. Really good chinese food for the price. After playing bingo, yes we played bingo :P ... we were hungry and I read good reviews on yelp.. Where else in Vegas can you find good food at these prices?? I went to Noodles @ the Bellagio the next night and spent twice as much and the food was just okay. My friend had the Walnut Prawns and I ordered the Classic Cantonese Brisket Stew. My mom makes a great brisket chinese style of course with tendon. This version was pretty good, quite flavorful, had a perfect balance of meat, tendon was so soft and big pieces of turnip as well. My friend thought it was missing something... My mom usually puts dried orange peel, but I thought it was fine without it. His prawns were okay, perhaps a bit too small so the shrimps weren't as meaty. The honey glazed walnuts weren't as good. We usually get this dish at our local chinese restaurant and it's so good! I opted for a pot of tea while my friend got a coke. The tea was quite bland with just one cheap tea bag floating inside. Thank goodness I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and snagged a couple of quality tea bags. Made a more enjoyable pot of tea. Dinner for two was just $35 with tip, a bargain even off the strip! We really would've gone back a 2nd time had it not been so far away...
4	me LOVE dim sum!This place is located in the Gold Coast casino in Vegas.  Everything tastes good, fresh, and yummy here!  The only problem is the long wait.  But lucky for this restaurant that it is situated inside of a casino so that everyone waiting can play slots or video poker.  Well thats what I do.  This place is worth the wait.  It is small so you actually get timely service.  Their congee is good and sometimes comes with fried won ton bits, har gow and xiu mai always good, and their fried meat balls are the best I've ever tasted.  Their egg tarts is ok, but has a great flaky crust.  I haven't tried the other deserts yet.  Everything comes warm, or hot like its supposed to.  They have carts that have self warmers.  Not like other dim sum places where they put the plates on cold carts.I can't wait to go back.  See you there!
5	One might think, with a wacky name and being located in a casino, that Ping Pang Pong isn't going to be any good.  However, it's definitely one of the better places in town (and my favorite) for dim sum.  The restaurant is little bit small, so expect a bit of a wait on crowded days.  If you don't see a dish that you want being carted around, you can ask and they will generally make it for you.  Prices are a little bit more expensive than the other places in town, but not that much (maybe 50 cents to a dollar more per dish).Also, I saw Johnny Chan eating here once.  If Ping Pang Pong is good enough for Johnny Chan, it's good enough for me, and probably you, too!
2	There is usually a long wait, so my boyfriend and I decided to go early.There wasn't that much of a selection and it took about an hour after opening for food to really come out.  Once it did service was still slow.Their lo mei gei was made with long grain rice, which I did not like.  Their food was fresh and good quality, but was lacking in taste.Orchid Garden over Ping Pang Pong.
4	Good food. Good experience. Good prices.  This place is pretty "authentic", in the sense that you will not immediately recognize 'Americanized" menu items. I do remember a Kung Pao dish but that is about it. The menu descriptions are weak and dont give the menu items the credit they deserve.  I bet everything on the menu is superb. You can watch the Asian cooks make your food.  Asian waiters are pretty FOB. Ask them for a recommendation if you arent sure. Thats how i discovered the Gobo Beef, love it.
4	I never ever thought that a Chinese restaurant is located inside the casino. I came here yesterday with a friend of mine to have dinner, We ordered walnut shrimps, beef medallion and Cantonese sausage fried rice,we had to wait quite long for the service, the food tastes good, I love the texture of fried rice, and definitely recommended.   the price is a little bit expensive compared to other in town, I heard that dim sum here is the best in Las Vegas, next time I will try then
1	Food is okay, but like a lot of typical dim sum places the service is garbage. I've been to enough dim sum places in San Francisco, Seattle, and Vegas to know that they don't have enough carts going around to service everyone in a timely manner. We got there well before 3. The cart arrived once without some of the "basic" selections like Shu Mai and Har Gow. We specifically asked for the items, to which they said they'd be back with them. We then waited 20 minutes, and when we asked for it again they gave us the excuse that they weren't doing dim sum anymore. It took a chat with the manager for us to finally get some Shu Mai that looked like it was under a heat lamp for an hour. I posted a picture of it so you can see for yourself. At dim sum places you usually have to be patient and go with the flow as barely controlled chaos is how they get things done. Usually, the experience is fun and more than satisfying. However, even with that said, I'd only recommend this place if you were hard up to find an alternative.
5	What is the best way to spend an early Sunday afternoon, when waking up with an empty stomach? Fresh and steamy dim sum is the way to go to appease our hunger! Ping Pang Pong has been voted one of the best Chinese Restaurant, according to Vegas Magazine and others alike. Nearly 3 years ago, Ping Pang Pong started their Dim Sum and I am wondering why have we only now just discovered this?The venue is located inside the Gold Coast Casino, small to medium size and the kitchen is open where you can see the chefs prepare and cook the food.  The pros about being in a casino is that they have restrictions in cleanliness and maintain proper cleaning schedule.  Having an open expedition kitchen is a plus, because it's nice to see the chefs prepare the food depending on where you sit.We had the best of the following, Pork and Shrimp Shumai, Shrimp Dumpling, 2 orders of Sweet  Pork Bun, Dim Sum Noodles, 2 orders  Pork Spare Ribs with black bean sauce, Crab Balls and Tofu with Shrimp paste. First of all, every bite and taste of dim sum was so steamy or crunchy fresh that it just dissolved in our mouths! Then the service was fast and consistent with clearing our tables or refilling our beverages. Ping Pang Pong is over $1 more than other places, but it is definitely worth the price mark up and hands down the best dim sum in Las Vegas!
4	What's up with the name?  Seems a bit racist if you ask me. I kid. I kid. Every person in this joint was Asian.  Everyone.  That may be because it's in the Gold Coast and this place was nicknamed the Pan Pacific by my friend.  It was literally an Asian invasion.  So, when you see that all the peeps in a Chinese restaurant are Asian, that's gotta be a good sign, right?  The food was good, great even.  The prices were extremely reasonable for large, family style dishes.  We tried the usual offerings, including a spicy fried rice that had some serious kick.  Loved it.  The salt and pepper pork chops were delicious, but didn't have a ton of meat on them.  Minus one star for the wait.  Service wasn't great, but remember the saying...the worse the service, the better the food.  That always applies to Chinese food, so if you know this, you get it.
5	Come for the Dim Sum.  Arrived 11am and it was fairly busy.  Full of Asian families taking their time and enjoying themselves.Ambience - Clean, well lit and noisy like most Dim Sum places.  Open kitchen which is somewhat unusual and a good thing.Price - Ordered 1 A item and 4 B items plus 2 Tsin Dao beers ($7) for a total lunch of $22.38.Service - Funny start when they tried to make me take a menu (I'm only part asian so I guess they wanted to make me order ala carte food).  After that it was good.  The hostess seated me right away and the food carts rotate quickly and consistently.  I hardly finished each plate and it was whisked away.  Busboy offered me a second beverage before I had to ask anyone for another.Food - Excellent selection sorted by food types: baked and fried goods, steamed goods, large sides (like fried rice), dessert and fresh beverage.Pork Shui Mai - Good flavor but slightly chewy (like a typical chicken texture).BBQ Pork Bun Baked (Char Sui Bao) - Perfect bun texture and flavor with a tasty glaze coating (your hands will get sticky).  Stuffing of bbq pork was tasty.Pork Dumpling (gau style not pot sticker) - Must have! great crispy dough contrasts with lightly chewy stuffing.  Lightly sweet flavor is delicate and delicious.Char Sui Bao steamed - Great flavor but dough wasn't my favorite (stick to the baked ones).Shrimp dumpling (Har Gau) - Good sized value with sticky wrapper and delicately spiced shrimp filling.  Each one must have at least two 10-12 shrimps in it.Didn't try the fried rice, dessert cart or the fresh juice cart (soup or beverage?).  They also paraded around an asparagus plate that looked and smelled wonderful but I was too full.I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and value of this place and would recommend it.  I'm picky about Dim Sum and this place does a decent job on everything I tried and better than average with the Baked BBQ Pork Bun and Ha Gau.
4	Staying at the Gold Coast I tried this place the first day I arrived. The prices were reasonable and the good yelp reviews I researched turned me on to eating here.I ordered this white rice mixed in with pieces of of sausage and eggs. It was sweet, oily and a bit salty BUT delicious! I never have had a rice mix like this in my life. I took my leftovers to go even though I had no refrigerator in my room. Whateva! I ate it cold after a night of partying in vegas and it was still soooo delich!
5	Let's go to PING PANG PONG! Who would have thought this place is so good! This is seriously one of the hidden gems in vegas.  It's tucked in Gold Coast and it has really good dim sum.  They have the dessert - mango + pomelo which is so hard to find.  This is pure comfort food in vegas.  I love it!!!! It's clean and the decor is really nice.
3	The best thing about this place is the name: PING PANG PONG! One more time: PING PANG PONG! I was told by the owner that it means "hockey puck" in English, which makes zero sense for a Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. That said, the service was fast and friendly and the food was better than expected: a tad on the greasy side, but it's in the Gold Coast Casino so I was just happy there weren't cigarette butts in it.
4	-Shrimp Fried Rice-Gobo Beef-Shrimp Lai Fen-Kung Pao Chicken-King Du Pork ChopGreat food.  Now I know why it's on the 'Best of LV' lists often.  Famiy style servings.  In the Gold Coast Casino.  Fast service...
3	The restaurant is inside the Gold Coast Hotel/Casino.I've only been for lunch so far.The food and prices are decent.It's pretty good for reasonable chinese food.They have the standard dim sum items for lunch.The place gets pretty hectic for lunch, but it's the standard for any dim sum place that is busy. If you go for lunch and only have an hour, I suggest you definitely get there before 11:30am.
4	Just got home from dim sum with the family here. I come here for dim sum about once a month. It's one of the better dim sum places in vegas. The line can get pretty long, so we try to come around 11am. Today the line started getting long just after 11:15am. The food off the dinner menu is good too, but the portions are small. Salt & Pepper Frog Legs is one of my favorite dishes here. Yup. I said FROG LEGS!! Soft like fish and sorta tastes like chicken.
3	Rated as the best Chinese Restaurant in Vegas according to numerous billboards around Vegas. This means squat here on yelp. I just laugh when I hear stuff like this. I bet these come from the same people who says Olive Garden is the best Italian food in Vegas, Starbucks having the best coffee, or voting Taco Bell as having the best Mexican food. Just remember all the awards Sam Woo got, and we all know how good that place is. Anyways on with the review!@ Shrimp Dumplings (Har gau) - Good shrimp taste. Disappointing texture on the skin. Changs has PPP beat on this one.@ Pork Dumplings (Siu Mai) - This was okay. But much fresher than Changs.@ Egg Custard Bun - This is just okay. But after having the gooey and hot filling back in SoCal, this just doesn't seem that good anymore. Filing was lukewarm, almost cold here.@ Congee (jook) - Much better than Changs by far. Flavorful and hearty. If I didn't have to share with the other people around the table, this would be all mine!@ Shrimp Rolled in Rice Noodles w/ Soy Sauce - Tastey shrimp taste, PPP has Changs beat on this one by a narrow margin with a better rice noodle wrap and soy sauce.@ Oysters - Good oysters, but they need to clean it more thoroughly. Almost every bite, I got grit in my mouth. Couldn't really enjoy the oysters because of this@ Almond Covered Shrimp Balls - Yummy shrimps, but found the almonds unnecessary since you couldn't really taste it. But if you like almonds, you'll enjoy this item. Toasting the almonds a little bit would really bring out the flavor of the dish.@ Fried Shrimp + Crab Claw - Its shrimp stuffed into a crab leg and deep fried. Yum and definitely a good item to get. @ Fried Tofu - Crispy, but found it a little too salty for me. HK Star got this dish down.@ Red Bean Sesame Balls - Red bean was good, but the sesame balls is disappointing. Its the soggy and oily appetizer that reminds me what sesame balls are. Properly prepare this, and I'll enjoy this dish.@ Tea - Usually I don't comment on the tea, but tea is traditionally part of dim sum. This tea was weak. Of course, it naturally got more weaker as the teapots got refilled. So towards the end of the meal, you're literally just drinking water. Even Pho Village gives me better tea with my meal than this place. Really really REALLY disappointing. "Ping Pang Pong", the place with the name that sounds racist and probably won't eat there because of it (Lily D). I'm not sure whats up with Chinese restaurants in Vegas and crappy names (see Food Express Chinese Restaurants), but it just makes my head explodes. I swear they do the opposite of picking the best names, and pick the most stereotypical Chinese restaurant name they can think of. /endrantThis is more pricier than Changs, but this place is a little more consistent than Changs. Some stuff Changs is better and some stuff, PPP is better. This is probably as good as it gets for dim sum in Vegas. This will be satisfactory for most. But for those raised in CA dim sum, you will be disappointed.
4	Located inside the Gold Coast Casino, I did not expect to be pleased with the dinner here.  In fact, when I first heard the name, I laughed.  I laugh no more.  We went in a group of 5 people on a Saturday evening.  It was only lightly crowded and we were seated relatively quickly.  The plates have generous proportions, so a plate per person in the group is just enough to get you full.  We ordered: Wrinkled Green Beans, Chow Fun (or Beef Flat Noodle as they called it), Rosted Duck, Pineapple beef with Mushrooms and Lamb.Everything we ordered was what you would expect from a "legit" Chinese restaurant.  I would go into detail about each of them, but quite honestly, it was a flurry of amazing flavor that I cannot do justice to describe, but I can definitely say, you HAVE to go try it.The only reason they lost a star was the customer service.  It's not that the customer service was bad, but it wasn't very good.  It took two or three times to get water and rice, our last two plates were brought our after we were almost done with the first three, and they were not very attentive.Overall, a MUST TRY.  :D The food makes up for the eh customer service.
3	This place is pretty busy during lunch hours. We had to wait in line for like 20-30 mins. So many Chinese and Asians here. The only place you see Asians is at this restaurant haha.Food: not that many variety. Looks the same as other dim sum places I've ate at. There was nothing special. The food didn't taste better quality or anything.Potstickers- didn't taste fresh. Dry.Glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf- steaming hot, fresh, soft, flavorful.fried shrimp stuffed crab claw- this was goodCheong fun with shrimp- this was soggy and drench in sauce, but still good.Not really worth the wait. Price was ok. Bill was $20
4	When my relative told me they had good dim sum I was surprised. I normally go to Chang's on Decatur. This place is packed during lunch and have varieties of dim sum I have only seen in places like Hong Kong and Toronto! It's definitely the best in Las Vegas, a little pricier than Chang's but not by much and the quality is much better (less MSG too). Love the Chinese sausage buns and the puff pastries filled with BBQ pork. You only see Asians eating here, it's always a sign of good things to come, and here they do!
4	Service is hit and miss, but food is great, prices are somewhat reasonable. Plenty of Chinese people here, so it must be authentic for las vegas. I will definitely be back, roast duck was crispy, clams with ginger & scallions very fresh, love the fried rice with dried scallops. Honey walnut shrimp was a bit salty, but the nuts were very fresh, had great texture. Less then fifty bucks for all of this.
5	You know, considering the casino, this place is pretty good. I cam here for both dinner and lunch. Surprisingly enough, they had dim sum on a Monday during lunch (?), which I thought was normally a weekend thing. I suppose that they get so many people (being in Vegas and all) plus all the Chinese tourists that they can afford to do so.Their Chow Fun is exceptionally good (I always order it and use it as a judge for Chinese restaurants). They translated it into "Rice noodle." This was not as... err... random as their "Wrinkled Beans..." It doesn't sound appetizing, but it's name in other restaurants is "Dry Braised String Beans," or something similar. Both of these dishes are good. I also tried their lamb and duck, both were good (if somewhat overpriced).Their service is pretty good too, considering it could be a lot worse. They serve hot tea automatically like a Chinese restaurant should. Dim sum was kind of slow when I went with only 3 carts and a few waiters with trays (but again, since it was a weekday, that's to be expected).The super high rating is due to the fact that it is literally in the middle of the casino. It's not some fusion crap that other casinos on the strip sell. Nor is it some Panda Express imitation. Nope. No longer must I take a trip to Chinatown to get my fix. I can play my Monopoly slots, place my sports bets, grab some Chow Fun with my winnings, and then lose it all on craps... all on the same floor. Now that's Vegas....
4	It's always been a habit of mine to compare Asian food in Sin City with the City of Angels.  There's little to say about the Asian restaurants in Vegas (compared to the San Gabriel Valley), but this place hit the spot, especially since I was bored of having French/Italian food.I've visited this place for dim sum about 3 - 4 times now and the food has ALWAYS been consistent.  You get the typical har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, and steamed buns.  What you DON'T get is stuff like shark fin soup or the more "expensive" type dim sum.  The only item I did not enjoy very much is the shen zen bao (pan-friend pork buns)...no juicy orgasmic flavors there.  The bills usually averaged about $50 - $60 for 2-3 ppl consisting of approximately 12 - 14 dishes.  A little more expensive than the Cali dim sum places, but it is Vegas, ya know.Sure, the name of the restaurant sounds racist, but if you owned a jam-packed restaurant like that, so what?  And...the fact this small joint is in a casino...even betta!!  Try out PPP and try it for yourself!
1	Wow, this place sucks! My group and I were quite disappointed with our experience here. We were in the mood for some dim sum, and since I heard this place was comparable to Orchids Garden, we decided to try this place out.The restaurant wasn't even half full when we got our table, and yet this place still lacked service. The carts came by slowly and there was barely a selection of dim sum. We ordered a few items and the dim sum was cold. It must have been sitting out for awhile, and there wasn't any new dim sum coming out. Also, it took them FOREVER to bring us the water and tea. Since we weren't getting full off of dim sum, we decided to order some food off the menu (fried rice, noodles, and string beans), though it did take us a long time to order since nobody came by our table. When we got our noodles, they were very oily. The rice and string beans was mediocre, nothing to rave about. When we got our bill, we were surprised at the total. We weren't even full and yet we ended up paying a lot. Plus, they charge for tea. WTF! I have been eating dim sum all my life, and all of the places (Portland, Seattle, Vanc BC) I have been do not charge for tea. That is BS. Overall, I will NOT come back here again. What a horrible experience. The food lacked variety. The dim sum was cold. And the service was super slow. I tried Orchids Garden a few days before, and they were 10x better than this place. More dim sum selection, service was great, and reasonable price. When we left Orchids, we were stuffed and yet we paid less there than Pings.
4	Went there on Fourth of July weekend and saw this place during my last visit in December but didn't try it then.  This time there was five of us and it was kinda late so was really glad to hear this place is open till 3am on weekends.We were sat within five minutes of arriving and waiter took our drink orders.  She was really quiet at times but really quick.  The menu has a good amount of choices.  My recommendations is get a bowl of soup as an appetizer.  A friend who like asian spots told me once to try start off with one of the soups on the menu.   If the soup is good, then the rest of the food will be good.  We decided to try a soup that had big chunks of pork and asian veggies with had an amazing broth.When it came time to order, we decided to get a bunch off dishes and try a little of each item.  Out of each item, I recommend trying the walnut prawns.  They are amazing!!! My brother enjoyed the roasted duck.The place has a nice appearance and its full of Asians coming with large groups.  The table next to us was complaining about something on the order so there was a lot of arguing in Chinese, I think.  I can't wait to come back and get those walnut prawns!!  Heard they have dim sum during the lunch hours so gonna have to try that some time as well.
4	I was pleasantly surprised wth the food and service at this place. It was definitely a place fill up and get your dim sum fix. Good price and fairly great selection of dim sum. Stop by here if you don't want to  dig deep in your wallet...especially if you've already lost most of it on the Strip.
4	Our second day of $25 food credit, we decided to try the Dim Sum again here.  Our visit this time seemed better.  I liked the food and the service.  You can't compare this with all the Dim Sum restaurants in So Cal, but Ping Pang Pong gets the job done with some of the classic dishes; Ha Gaw (Shrimp Dumpling), BBQ Pork Buns (both baked and steamed), Sticky Rice Wrap, Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Porridge, Egg Tarts, Chiese Broccoli, Fried Shrimp Balls, and so on and so on.  It seemed like they had more varieties this time than I remembered.  It could be because we were there earlier than last time, too.  Do get there earlier than later or there will be a wait (and also they don't run out of your favorites)  since the place isn't very big.  The prices are fairly reasonable.  Most dishes are around $2.88 (for B dishes).   We tried to order enough to use up our $25 food credit and ended up packing some left over to go (ate it for breakfast the next day). I've tried going to Dim Sum at the restaurants on Spring Mountain Road and it was almost impossible due to the wait time.  I'd much rather come here.  If you're in the mood for Dim Sum, give this place a try.
3	I had dimsum at Ping Pang Pong in Gold Coast Casino on Sunday 12/28/08. I was with a party of five adults and one child. We arrived at 11am and was seated at 11:40am even with our Emerald card, which gives us priority seating. Many people were in line and some just went to the front of the line to talk to the hostess. Most were confused as to which line to get in. Make sure you give your name and the number in your party to the hostess; she will then give you a piece of paper with a number that she will eventually call out. Most of the people were inpatient and kept going to the hostess and asking her questions. There were several who looked through the reservation book when the hostess stepped away. It was definitely crowded and as soon as we sat down, we started eating.The food was great! We had the seaweed salad, BBQ pork noodles, shrimp noodles, pork dumpling, shrimp dumpling, spring rolls, crab balls, spare ribs, BBQ pork buns, BBQ pork pastries, Chinese broccoli, chicken wings, sausage in a bun, potstickers, sesame balls - the usual dishes that we order when we have dimsum. What we couldn't believe was the bill! It was $110 for five adults and one child! Then, I looked over the bill and noticed that they charged us twice for the Chinese broccoli ($8.95 twice!). They did correct the bill, but then we started to question whether the rest of the bill was correct. They charged us for 23 dimsum plates, but we didn't keep track and count our plates! They could have easily charged us an extra 2-3 plates and we wouldn't have known it. As regular dimsum customers, with a party of five to ten people that we usually have, we would pay any where from $10 to $15 per person at the most, including tip! But at Ping Pang Pong, we had to pay about $20 per person! Even though the dimsum was good, the higher price is not worth the wait! Next time, we'll go to Chang's or Orchid's.
2	My friends been telling this place has the best dim sum so I always wanted to try out so I did it's not that good at all.
3	We came by for dinner in this restaurant that was advertised at some point as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  It's located in the older Gold Coast Casino, is a bit rundown but with authentic and low priced servings.  We had a nice beef satay with pineapples and enoki mushrooms (more Hawaiian than traditional Cantonese).  We also had a disappointing clay pot with ginger mushroom chicken.  The rice was flavorful, but there was no ginger, barely any mushrooms, and a lot of bony chicken scraps.  You can also have a Heineken here for $3.50.  Overall, ok for the price, but I suspect it can probably be a better place than what we experienced.   Service was also a bit poor, with no water refills, and it took a while for the rice pot to appear.
4	One of the most authentic Chinese establishments in Las Vegas. Take a sharp turn off of Spring Valley Rd. and head here instead, you will not be disappointed.
2	Dinner for two, 7:30 Tuesday evening:  horrendous service.  Period.The dining area was frigid.  Icicles were forming on every word spoken at the table.  I thought I saw a yeti leave the kitchen area with his hands in his armpits, trying to stay warm on his way to the restroom.On second thought, that might've been our server because the "service" we were afforded was GROSS.  We were scolded for standing in the empty take-out line instead of the empty dine-in line (we'd changed our minds),  the servers (we had a couple on this slow night) were hard pressed to make any eye contact - we actually had a server deliver food to the table with her back to us?  How'd she do that??  I was looking for skates at that point.In one moment I made accidental eye contact with the server and grinned as my mouth was full of mediocre Seafood Noodles.  I could almost hear her straining as she squeezed out a smirk.A smirk.  And I'm not even kidding.  I was kidding about the yeti but the smirk was SO real.We recognized one of the bus boys by his warm smile and friendly service.  I'm so annoyed with myself for not getting his name this time so I could give him propers.  He was a tropical island floating in a sea of ice.In any event, the food.  The first time I came here I had Seafood Noodles and they rocked harder than Meatloaf.  Memory is a funny thing.  This time, there was little seafood and the bit present wasn't really a great mix.  I had one or two shrimp and a fistful of squid.  Had it been called Squid Noodles I'd have been happy.  The noodles were oily and the overall flavor wasn't anything to write home about.  We also had Salt and Pepper Calamari - which was more squ-  I mean, nice.  The calamari was tenderIn the end, the check came to about $20 for both of us and still, I felt bad tipping because the service was Bizarro World grade.I've never had dim sum here but if this is how they do business on a slow night I'll pass on dim sum.
4	Best dim sum in town!!! Get there early, lines get long.Service remains awful :(
5	Freshest dim sum in Vegas.  Best quality, best taste, best texture, and best flavors.  Nothing beats Ping Pang Pong so far in my dim sum book.  Except the egg custard buns from Orchids Garden.  This place is by far my favorite place to eat dim sum.
3	Food was very good. Much more traditional than typical chinese take out places. Some very interesting menu options.  Big portions.
5	Hands down the best dim sum in LV.  We used to go to what is now Orchid's Garden when it was still named Chau's then moved on to Chang's, and dabbled with Cathay House.  All of these restaurants would hover around 3 stars and dipped as low as being inedible depending on change of chefs and perhaps even ownership.  Then along came the idea of trying Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast casino.The litmus test for dim sum for me are the cheong fun, the har gow, the oven baked char siu bao, chicken feet, and anything with shrimp.  While the sauce of the cheong fun was very light, the noodles were soft and the shrimp were fresh. The har gow skin was soft and the shrimp again fresh.  The char siu bao was the right combination of sweet and salty.  Chicken feet were not too soft and not too hard.  Did I mention the shrimp were fresh?!Yes, it's considerably pricier than all the other dim sum restaurants I mentioned but it's worth it.  And yes, it's also frigid cold like another reviewer said because that's how casinos keep you awake but it's nothing hot tea and a sweater can't fix.  And yes, it can get very crowded since it's actually a fairly small dining room for a dim sum restaurant, not to mention a dim sum restaurant in a casino known for its Asian clientel, but go before 11:30 am and you'll be fine since most are either at the gambling tables or are sleeping in from being at the gambling tables all night.
2	Went here for dinner on a Tuesday night.soooooo disappointing. We asked the waiter our normal question of " this is our first time to your restaurant, what are the best items on your menu that we would want to write home about". Actually it wasn't the waiter that told us this, it was the manager... we had ordered some pot stickers...(which were the only thing that was ok).The food was bland, boring, the meat was chewy and meh. I really will not go back here for dinner or lunch ever again. It reminded me of the food on the train in China- slop, sorta bland, sorta bad quality.Now I have heard great things about this place- the bill boards, the reviews on the walls, etc. but maybe they are just talking about the dim sum, which i guess I will try this place again for...but never a dinner ...uggh.
5	I've eaten dim sum around the world and Ping Pang Pong is right up there with the best of them.  The service was perfect and the food was delicious! We shall return!
2	Dude, wtf.  Came here for dim sum.  Horrible.  Nothing compared to even the subpar dim sum in OC.  Idon't get how anyone can say that this dim sum is amazing, unless they've only had Vegas dim sum.  I'm sorry if I sound elitest... but take my word.  If you read my review you will know not to come here.  Chicken feet had an off taste as well as being kinda cold.  I guess most Vegas dim sumers are not fans of chicken feet.  The shui mai was just bad.  The tripe was overly braised and the texture (one of my favorite parts of tripe) was just bad.  It felt like I was eating fat, not tripe.Nothing good here.  The only reason i gave it two stars was because it really is one  of the few dim sum places in Vegas.  The other one that got the better Yelp reviews was temporarily closed I guess the kitchen burned down or something.
1	no, no, no, no, no....Despite the abundance of restaurants in Las Vegas, my family and I somehow ended up here for dinner because of its proximity to the bowling tournament that my mother was going to be participating in. I yelped it, saw 3 1/2 stars and thought to myself, "ok shouldn't be too bad". Well, it was REALLY BAD. Horrendous service - our waiters seemed to have completely vanished upon taking our orders. Food didn't come until about 30-45 minutes later, and when they did, it was cold. What the f***?!Entrees we ordered:Seafood porridge - I asked them to add the preserved egg, which I had been craving. Well, the porridge was bland and I had to keep adding soy sauce to make it better. The preserved egg tasted funky, not at all like what I was used to in LA's Chinatown.Gobo beef - EW. They were basically big cubes of beef (bigger than bite size, so it was a little hard chewing on them)  that seemed to have been boiled in soy sauce. They also seemed a little bloody.Salt and pepper pork chops - They were pretty standard. A little bit dry.Hot braised chicken - This was the only semi-decent dish. But it was basically sweet and sour chicken. Shrimp fried rice - This one arrived to the table first, a good 20 minutes before the actual entrees arrived. So it was cold by the time we started eating. Not good.I didn't try their dimsum; if that's what I wanted, I could've just gone to Chinatown. But this is definitely not a good dinner spot.
3	Sad to say, this is the best dim sum in Vegas.  I miss Seattle!  I have to tell ya -- the service (or lack of service) is why I gave this a "3 star".  The hostess is cute but she is completely an idiot!  Every 5 minutes while my mom and I waited in line, she would ask, "How many?"  I'm not kidding you -- There were only 4 of us in line (a couple ahead of us) -- and you'd think she would recognize four people, right?!  NOT!  Every 5 minutes, she'd ask, "How many?"   (Am I on "Seinfeld" or a candid camera?)  There were only 4 of us in line, and the hostess asked the couple ahead of us, "How many?"  They replied, "2" ... and then she turned to us and asked, "How many? 4?"  -- um,  helllooooooooooooooooo!!!!  My 3 year old niece can add better than her!  Anyway -- long story short, after 3 more times of "how many?" -- I finally lost my temper.  It's truly sad because the food is quite yummy -- it's just that the idiot hostess needs to get fired!  The funniest thing is, while I was enjoying my siew mai and har gow with mom, the idiot hostess sat a couple next to us.  Sure enough, the couple yelled at the hostess for her stupidity.  Wow!  I hope when I return, I don't have to answer to "How Many?"  10 times again.  LOL...
5	best dim sums...delicious
3	Have read so many mixed reviews about PPP from my fellow Yelpers in Las Vegas, and I finally went to try it with some schoolmates and guests.  The line wasn't too bad for us, and we were seated shortly, even though it was on a Sunday at ~11:30am.The restaurant itself seems small, especially compared to the other dim sum options i Vegas.  The price overall is more expensive, and is to be expected for a restaurant located inside a casino (Gold Coast).  The per person charge for tea is only $0.50!  That is the lowest I have ever seen, even compared to off-strip dim sum joints.  But then they do make it up on everything else you can order.The wait staff is friendly, but I think they are assigned way too many tables to watch over, especially the busperson, since our emptied plates rarely gets picked up after we finished whatever dim sum we had ordered, and the table looks like it is in a constant state of disarray. Not exactly adding to the mood of the meal. But our water glass was refilled on a regular basis, which is good. That applies to the tea pots as well.Food-wise, I think it is just okay.  There were some highlights but also many that was not worth ever trying again.  The Panfried Shrimp and Chive Dumpling was excellent. The "fat noodles" stirred fried with XO Sauce (my pinyin sucks but I will try to type it... Stir Fried ChanFun with XO Sauce) is good and we ended up ordering two plates. HarGow (Steamed Shrimp Dumpling), was made with great fillings, but the skin was way too thick and you can tell that the cooks or prep cooks that make them lack the skills normally developed over many years of making dim sum.  But what do you expect from a casino restaurant that might have a really good chef, but the rest of the kitchen are cooks, prep cooks, etc that are just happy to still have a job in a state that has stupidly high unemployment rate.Anyway, back to the food. They seem to have trouble keeping up with the demand for the essential dim sums (steamed shrimp and steamed pork dumplings), since we didn't see the Hargow until we were almost ready to get them to tally up our bill. And the Shuimai never made it to the area we were seated until we were collecting money from everyone at the table.I did kind of enjoyed their Green Tea Mochi Cake, although the mochi was on the thick side. But I have never had this at any other dim sum restaurants in the US. The Mango Coconut Tapioca was good, according to my friend (I didn't try it).And even though we have a party of 8, they did NOT automatically add in the "mandatory" service charge/tips.  I think that was cool, but we paid over the 15% anyways.Overall, just a 3 stars dim sum experience for me, and I will likely not returned for just dim sum. But it is nice to eat at a dim sum place that at least have above average customer service.
4	This restaurant is located in The Gold Coast Hotel Casino and turned out to be our favorite.  With the sad (but finally improving) state of Chinese food in SW Florida we needed to get our fill and ate here three times.Things got off to a shaky start.  Four of us ordered; Seafood Crispy Noodles ($10.95), Tea Duck, (half $12.95) Beef Lo Mein ($9.95) and Ma Po Tofu ($7.95).  It was a Saturday night and the place was busy but our order was taken promptly.  Interestingly after a reasonable wait we inquired about our food and it miraculously started to arrive, albeit one dish at a time making it seem like the order was never entered.  The duck was cooked to a crispy goodness but was served without any dipping sauces - Hoisin was brought on request.   The two noodle dishes were large portions with the seafood noodle including ample pieces of fish, Scallops, Squid.  The fourth dish Tofu was a complete no-show with a different server offering to get it but advising the "kitchen is slammed", we declined and the check was adjusted accordingly.Lunch here is Dim Sum served from a parade of steaming carts.  We tried some old favorites and few new things.  All was fresh and presented with care.  We tried a favorite of many Asians; Chicken Feet and now realize this is an acquired taste, however the fried rice served with it was the absolute best we ever had.  So that's how fried rice should taste!  We ate our fill and had many items with the bill for two at just $30.00.  If you've never had a traditional Dim Sum meal this is definitely the place.One more dinner visit included our all time favorite Beef Rice Flat Noodles ($9.95) also known as Chow Fun served "wet".  The beef was tender and the noodles just delicious coated in the light flavorful gravy.  This dish included a few large pieces of perfectly cooked Gai Lan.  With this we had Orange Beef ($9.95) cooked just slightly crisp with an outstanding flavor.  We stuffed ourselves to help prolong the memory.They claim to be Las Vegas' "best" Chinese restaurant and the fact that on each visit we were just about the only non-Asians there would seem to prove them right.
1	The dim sum is mediocre but the prices were moderate.. We were seated right away but after that there was no customer service whatsoever.. We had to ask multiple times for someone to bring us water and tea, something that is usually done right away without being requested.. The ladies that walk around with push carts kept asking if we wanted anything but how are we supposed to eat when the basics haven't been covered yet? I have never received such lack luster service from a dim sum restaurant.. I would probably return again if they improved their waitstaff but the likelihood of that is not likely.. Sorry but you'll just have to try again, because for now you fail..
3	Oh Dim Sum...How I missed you so. After living in Albuquerque and leaving California I felt that like I was going through my Dim Sum withdrawals. It was nice to be reacquainted with the hustle and bustle of the ladies pushing the carts with nice steamed dumplings, baked pork buns, and deep fried desserts.  To be honest with you, the dim sum here is good, but I wouldn't say its show stopping. Their Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, or lack there of, was over cooked at the time we were serviced. We did stumble upon one of the dim sum plates that I've never had before, it was a shrimp ball rolled in stick rice, and a broth like sauce much like egg drop soup was poured on top.... very delicious, flavorful, and filling. As with the other reviewers, they do charge $0.50 for a pot of tea, not so bad.Would I come here again for Dim Sum? ... Well if I had a hankering for dim sum and was in Vegas, probably yes; otherwise, I would wait to go back to California for Dim Sum.
5	It's hard to believe, but the best dim sum in Las Vegas is NOT found in our burgeoning (and otherwise excellent) Chinatown district stretching along Spring Mountain Road. Instead, truly "world-class" dim sum is to be found in the Ping Pang Pong Restaurant in the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino.Honest.From your basic steamed buns & fried rice to more esoteric fare like chicken feet & jellyfish, Ping Pang Pong serves it all.Situated in the back of the western half of the Gold Coast, it nevertheless has built a reputation for authentic, tasty dim sum, so the lunch crowd is uniformly large. I recommend coming here when you have at least an hour to spend on your midday meal. Dim Sum may be Chinese fast food, but the price of Ping Pang Pong's excellence is crowds.A note on the authenticity of Ping Pang Pong's cuisine: On several visits, I have been the most caucasian customer seated, and I'm half-filipino. Which brings me to another point: none of the waitstaff here seems to have a firm handle on English, so, although the service has always been excellent, ordering always seems to involve lots of gestures and nodding.I have a kind of method to my own dim sum madness: I sit down, order some tea (or a beer), and wait for the carts to roll by. And, even if the dessert cart comes first, I start pointing to things that look good. One of my favorite desserts-as-appetizers are sesame balls filled with red bean paste. Another favorite appetizer: a steamed bun filled with a single, spicy Cantonese sausage. But I'm not finicky about what comes first. The point of a dim sum lunch is to enjoy as many different tastes as you can before you're completely topped off. Before long, I typically have as many as a dozen different dishes crowded onto my table.As the helpful cart-pushers place each dish on your table, they mark your check with a stamp or a pen, indicating how many dishes you ordered & what "class" those dishes belong to. As far as I've been able to determine, the least expensive dishes run about 2 dollars while the most expensive run about 5 dollars. Because I am such a pig (ordering not only my favorites, but also anything I've never seen before), my bill is usually about 30 bucks, but you can have a nice, filling lunch for half of that.The aforementioned jellyfish is light & vinegary, a little crunchy & slightly fishy, perfectly complemented with a splash of chili sauce, and I use it as a palette cleanser between courses. They also do a wonderful little bowl of sausage & egg fried rice. (One of the few dishes -- like the perfectly-fried chicken wings -- that my diehard midwestern Princess feels brave enough to eat.) Unlike most westerners, I am comfortable with the texture of gelatinous food, and Ping Pang Pong offers an incredible serving of spicy beef tendon, slow-cooked with onions and sprinkled with chili flakes.Other highlights include:* The rice-noodle rolls, where the gooey white noodles are wrapped around a filling like beef or a crunchy pastry and the whole thing gets bathed in a brothy sauce. The overall texture of the dish is a flavorful jelly filled with bits of chewiness -- again, not a combination one finds in the average American eatery.* The steamed-chicken & glutinous rice wrapped in a leaf, where the wrap (a lotus leaf? a banana leaf?) effectively stews the mixture of chicken & rice into soupy goodness that's best addressed with a spoon.* Char-siu ribs, the red spare-ribs that are sweet & chewy awesomeness. I go at these with my bare hands and generally leave the restaurant with a fair amount of the meat still stuck between my teeth.* Steamed meatballs, either ground beef or pork, mixed with some bits of veggie and wrapped with a thin skin of egg, these are stick-to-your-ribs meaty & delicately spongy, and they absolutely scream for generous dollops of chili sauce.I could go on, but you get the point. In a city that built the lowbrow end of its culinary reputation on the all-you-can-eat buffet, the dim sum lunch at Ping Pang Pong Restaurant offers a sublime alternative: a cornucopia of flavors at a very reasonable price. And the buffet rolls past your table, instead of you having to get up and walk to it. Talk about convenience.Anytime you feel like braving the wilds of the Gold Coast to get to dim sum heaven, I'd be happy to meet you there.
4	I usually hit up Ping Pang Pong a couple of times a month. It is always packed with degenerate Asian gamblers and their families. It is located inside the Gold Coast which is notorious for having this type of clientele. I am always the only caucasian person here but I don't care. I love ethnic food especially dim sum which I was not able to get back east unless I traveled to Boston's Chinatown. I did not do this at all. I always opt to sit at their dining island which over looks the action in the kitchen. It's like watching a show. Very entertaining. Always 3 cooks manning the hot woks and 2 guys pumping out different types of dim sum. I flag down the cart pushers and they stop. I have never tried any of the crazy stuff like chicken feet or squid. I know what I like and i go for it hard. I usually end up getting lo mai gai, sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf. This is simple and good. Little bits of chinese sausage in the rice. I order the pan fried pot stickers which are juicy and hot. Shu mai are made with pork and shrimp. Har gow are shrimp dumplings. Shrimp and scallion cakes are pan fried. Bbq pork buns are fluffy.Everything is served small plate style perfect for sharing. And everything is very inexpensive. I think like $2.35 per dish. I have not tried anything off their full menu but i'm sure it delicious. Dim Sum is daily till 3:00pm I believe. But the rest of the menu is served after that and the restaurant is open till 3:00am.I think the dim sum is better quality and fresher here than at Orchid Gardens.
1	This place is a disaster!We went on a Sunday Night for dinner. They have a big dim sum service on Sunday morning/afternoon which basically leaves them with no food on Sunday night. We tried to order appetizers, but they literally did not have any left. NONE! No spring rolls, no potstickers, nothing! Seriously people, if you are out of food close the restaurant, don't stay open and disappoint your customers because they can't order what they want.As for the foods that they did have, my sister ordered the duck, I ordered the orange chicken, my brother-in-law ordered a brisket thing and our friend ordered the chicken chow mein. The cooks all make different foods and don't sync up the food to come out at the same time. So when an entree is done they bring it out to your table, even if the other entrees aren't ready yet. The duck came first, it was a few minutes before the orange chicken came out, and then another 5 minutes at least before the chow mein came out. This would be fine it you are eating family style and everyone is sharing everything, but if you are ordering and eating your own entree like we were it creates a big problem. You can either be rude and eat your food while it's hot, or be polite and wait for everyone to get their food while yours gets cold.You will notice that I said my brother-in-law ordered a brisket something but I didn't mention when it got delivered. That's because we never got it! Another problem with the way they bring the food out is if they forget something, you just kind of assume it's still coming, and you don't think to ask about it. Our waitress never ordered the brisket, and we didn't discover this until it was too late.As for the food itself, my sister was happy with the duck, but I didn't try it as duck is not my thing. The orange chicken was okay, but I've had much better.Obviously being as our server forgot to order one of our entrees I'm not going to give the service a very high mark. Additionally, the atmosphere of the restaurant was really bad. It's located in the casino, very close to all the slot machines and casino action and as a result is very loud. It's a small space and they try to cram as many people in as possible so its very cramped and uncomfortable.So to review, the food is bland but okay, the service and atmosphere sucks and if you go on Sunday night (and I would assume Saturday too) expect them to be out of everything.
4	This place is great. When we got there 1pm on a Saturday afternoon during a holiday long weekend it was busy. I am not sure if this was usual, but we waited for about 15 min which was fine. Its located inside the casino so there is plenty of scenery to look at while you wait. Doesn't matter if your really hungry, because the moment you hit your table hundreds of Delicious hot dim sum dishes are coming around your table to choose and ask what is what. All of the food looks so different and tasty so be careful when picking because its easy to overload your table with these dishes. lol All the food was incredible. The service was quick and efficient. We will definalty be back! Oh and if you want to work some calories off after lunch or dinner, there is a bowling ally just upstairs from the restaurant! it was only 12 bucks for my hubby and I to play a game with show rentals! Thanks Ping Pang Pong
4	Having given up on Dim Sum upon my move to Las Vegas six years ago, I had done all my mourning of not being able to drive to Monterey Park from West LA for a Sunday post-clubbing ritual.  I was not expecting much when I arrived at Ping Pang Pong this past weekend, but began to fan little fires of hopes when I saw a restaurant filled with Chinese people and outfitted with a long line also filled with Chinese people.When they served us a steaming pot of Chinese red tea (forget the stereotypical Jasmine green), my hopes went from little flames to a pretty sizable campfire.  When the cart arrived and I had to explain to the Chinese cart-tender lady what I was looking for since she only spoke marginal English, I felt like I traveled through space and was suddenly in Arcadia.  My favorites, Siu Mai and Har Gow, more than passed the test.  Siu Mai was surprisingly topped with fish eggs, which added a much-welcomed dynamic in texture.  Har Gow was delicious due to fresh shrimp fillings and a properly-made dough that didn't dry up after five minutes on the cart like the other Vegas Dim Sum joints.  My new adventure, Rice Paper-Wrapped Youtiao (Chinese fried bread stick) filled with Pork, was a perfect combination of tastes, textures, and ingredients. Our late arrival cost me my Dim Sum must-have: egg tarts; which provides me with a good reason to come back and visit this Sunday.  In the future, I will no longer avoid restaurants that are in funky casinos like the Gold Coast.  I could be missing out on a lot of yummy egg tarts.
4	Best chinese food in las vegas for sure. I eat here on a regular basis!!! Best shrimp fried rice :) Only thing is that service is not always the best- so four stars!
3	Some Yelpers recommended me to this place for good Dim Sum. It was decent, but very much lacking in variety. We were also almost as far from the kitchen as you can get (the left side), and on our way out we saw that the other side of the restaurant got way many more dishes than we were offered.My favorites were the Chow Mein, BBQ Pork puffs and sesame balls with Red Bean paste in them. Other than those things, I could have gone without. The cart ladies don't speak much English, so you might end up with an accidental (or intentional) order of Chicken Feet as well.I usually love the boneless ribs (those red ones or the honey glazed ones) at Dim Sum places, but they didn't have them here. I though I might have missed them on the cart, but the waitress confirmed.Due to the variety of food, the temperature of the food by the time it reached us, and just how it tasted in general, I wouldn't come back here. The prices were good though and unlike many other Dim Sum places, our waitress was very attentive to our drink refill needs.
4	It's more like 3.5 stars.The food and service were both good.  The selection of food was limited but the available items we thought were interesting.
2	I was majorly disappointed at this DIMSUM place.  To read the reviews about this place and  my gf telling me it is good there...I was willing to go through the smoky smell of the casino just to have a taste of my favorite type of Chinese Meal.The place was rather small.  I was expecting bigger.  So with a smaller place...there were less carts to go around and less choices.  It took a while before the chow mein came to the table and was not one of the choices on the cart.  The custard bun was not filled with custard which disappointed my son. The othere dishes was ok and not even worth talking about much.  They did not come around to see if we needed refills on our drinks.  My son actually had to go to the ladies in the front (cashier) to ask for refills. Overall our experience in PING PANG PONG was not good and so far my recommendations still to go to ORCHIDS GARDEN.The price- outrageous!!!!  For what we were charged....I have paid for 3 people at Orchids. Atmosphere- mediocre.Food-blah,dry, not much choicesPrice-OutrageousReviews-overratedlocation-sucky smelly casino to go throughservice-sucky.not attentiveed.
4	Best dim sum I've ever had in Vegas! I will have to make a point to come here on each Vegas trip! There is a line, but we got there just in time we didn't have to wait too long. They have all my favorite dim sum carts so I'm not complaining there. All so tasty. Didn't try anything off the menu but the dim sum won my heart so... can't wait til next time, Ping Pang Pong! Such a cute name. :)Oh, service was okay. It's Chinese (I'm Chinese) so you know how it goes.
3	Not bad for the Gold Coast and I would come again.  Below average if comparing to So Cal.  Limited variety.  Decent taste, nothing offending.  Average prices.  Less quantity per order on some items - check the uploaded images.
4	I've never had dim sum before so I really don't have anything to compare it to. It was about 1pm when we went there and this place was so crowded that there was a line to get in. Luckily it was only a party of 2 for us so we got in quick. I love the carts. I kept grabbing so many different things and realized that it might be too much. Next time I'll know to limit my selections.When I go back to vegas, I'll stop by this place again.
5	Ping Pang Pong = Dim Sum FUN!!!  So we've been talking about going to get Dim Sum for probably over a year now, honestly!  We finally got around to it this weekend and I can't believe what I've been missing!  Turns out it's like a backwards buffet, except the food is way fresh and instead of going to get it yourself, there are these lovely ladies that bring around an assortment of tasty Chinese treats on carts. The food is hot, fresh and oh soooo savory!  My favorite was the devilishly, delicious fried crab claw and the seaweed salad was scrumptious on the side.  Make sure to ask for some of the chili sauce for dipping those claws though, and it goes well with pretty much everything else too ;) I'm Very much looking forward to a return visit to try some new and exciting culinary delights.
1	PUKE!!!!!!! Go hit Chia Town aka Spring Mountain Rd from "The Strip up to Decatur" and you are garunteed to have better food. Not to mention the waiter charged me twice for my melee which I discovered two days later looking at a bank statement. Went in to talk to the manager, he was nice. but was unable to help me. DONT EAT HERE
4	Went to Ping Pang Pong for lunch and had dim sum.  The food tasted fine, but the selection was not that great.  It is a small place, so the carts come around ofter.  The prices seemed pretty good.  Seems a bit cheap to charge for tea, but at least they have loose leaf tea.  Places that use tea bags and claim to be Chinese restaurants piss me off.  :)
5	man! this place smokes about 1/2 the chinese restaurants on spring mountain!! the food is DELICIOUS here! very authentic!! chinese cooks, chinese waiters, and a bunch of chinese people inside the restaurant! you know it's good chinese food when you see a whole gang of chinese people in there chowing down!! besides the full menu, during the day, they serve dim sum! i've been here a few times and have always ordered the chinese sausage fried rice (which is made with egg whites and thinly sliced chinese broccoli steams) and salt & pepper pork chops! my boyfriend and i went on valentine's day this past monday and i decided to venture out and order the wonton noodle soup!! that was not a disappointment... the broth was delicious and the wontons were very plump with pork & shrimp. kind of reminded me of the wonton noodle soup in hong kong!! i can bet that 1/2 of the cooks came straight from hong kong! the style of cooking there is very very very cantonese! definitely will bring family there when they come into town next time.... sorry sam woo... i found a new joint!! PING PANG PONG! i love saying that name!! LOL hahahahhaha! OH! 1 more thing... they are open until 3am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	It's good, esp considering since there's really no other place I know of to get good dim sum around the Vegas area.We ordered the shrimp har gow, the siu mai, some chive thing that is first steamed, then fried on both sides.  BF got his steamed pork buns and ate every last one.  I got some porridge since I had been sick, and it was helped me feel better, love the crispy wontons.I was pretty stuffed.  Dimsum for two.. about $30, pretty reasonable, or average, depends on how you look at it, and how much you eat.It was nice to have dimsum in LV, but it was just okay.  Nothing to rave about.  Maybe I'm just jaded by the plethora of dim sum restaurants I live by.
5	Not sure what these people are nagging aboutThey must not like you or something haha, went there two days in a row for my stay in Vegas and had nothing to complain about this restaurantYeah the price is a little high but you are in a casino not in Chinatown, that's like saying the prices of food inside a theater is pricey, hello look where you're atIts refreshing to finally find an actual Chinese restaurant after eating 3 days of burgers and well...white food
3	Came here by the recommendation of a friend, who along with others, classified this as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. It was a bit tough to find, but that's expected with most restaurants in Vegas hotels. Let's skip the details and just go straight to the food:- King Du Pork Chops: Very tender for pork, but tasted a lot like orange chicken, minus the chicken part. Pretty good dish overall if you like that Panda Express takeout taste.- Walnut Prawns: Somehow every place I go to has their own spin on walnut prawns which makes them unique. Here, the batter was very thin, which is always good. Who wants to be eating more dough than shrimp? The shrimp themselves were quite large and the sauce not too sweet. One of the best walnut shrimps I've had.- Lamb Stew: Definitely not what I expected, especially for the price. This basically consisted of broth with vegetables and pieces of stewed lamb, for about $20. The lamb itself was nothing too special, and neither was the entire dish. If I took some time, I could easily make this at home.-  Tofu: I forgot which dish this was, but look at the pictures if you want a better idea. This was a pretty typical tofu dish that our veggie friend typically orders. It was full of flavour from the sauce, not too spicy, and done just right.- Hot and Sour Soup: Also pretty typical, although I feel like they made it too sour. I love the consistency of this soup, which they got just right, but everything else was just so-so.-  Veggie Noodles: I hate noodles that are way too fat, which is what you get typical takeout places. This, however, was the complete opposite. Nicely sized noodles, lots of veggies, and cooked well. Not much else to comment on.- Gobo Beef: This was definitely the highlight of the night. The dish contained probably the softest beef I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. It pretty much melted in my mouth, and the sauce just made it that much better. This is a must have if you come here.Overall, all of the dishes were pretty typical of a Chinese restaurant, with the exception of Gobo Beef. I'm sure there are better and more authentic Chinese places in Vegas, but this place was a pretty pleasant surprise in the overcrowded Vegas restaurant scene.
3	Food was o.k.  We went here at 130pm so food wasn't as fresh as we wanted ( as they serve dim sum up until 3pm.)  Temperture of food could have been hotter, but the flavor was there.  Not the best ,but not the worst, just ok.
4	after being away from decent chinese food for a week, this place hit the spot. I'm from boston, so I wont say this was the best dim sum ever, but it was good enough. unfortunately, its located off the strip inside the gold coast...and a little maze to find it.
5	I love this place! The dim sum is amazing!! I love the food from the carts...no need to order off the menu! Your imagination is the limit the carts offer everything from chicken feet to seaweed salad!!The staff is friendly and helpful!
5	Best dim sum in Vegas!
3	We first visited this place in August 2009.  We had seen the billboards around town, but thought the name couldn't reflect an authentic chinese restaurant - but gave it a shot anyway.  We were pleasantly surprised that it was an authentic dim sum restaruant - and inside a casino no less!  The dim sum was not the best we've ever had, but it was above average; certainly better than other places we had tried in Vegas up to that point.  Price was reasonable, and we knew we would be back.  Gave it 4 stars.UPDATE: We returned on 2011-04-16 for dim sum lunch.  Food was still reasonably good, but it seems to have lost a bit in the quality.  They were out of some items we wanted such as har gow (we got there a bit late), and the food overall seemed to lack some seasoning; some of the sauces seemed watered down.  We'll keep coming back to this place for dim sum until we find something better in Vegas, but have lowered the rating to 3 stars.  See my other reviews of other places in Vegas.
3	My parents love this place for dim sum so we were all dragged here.  At first, we were dim sum in a casino?  Really?  You know what, they serve authentic chinese dim sum.  Actually, I was surprised that the dim sum was pretty good.  I agree with Ed C. some of the sauces seems a little watered down.  Highlights that I can remember:The BBQ buns (steamed and baked) were good!Steamed spareribs were good, a tab bit too spicy for me.Steamed rice wrapped in green leaves - YUM!Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - YUM YUM!Almond tofu dessert - 1 Yum and a Yeah!
3	There isn't really any place for dimsum right on Las Vegas Blvd, so if you're craving some dimsum, this place isn't too bad of a choice.  PPP goes oldschool with their dimsum carts, featuring congee or bean curd dishes.  I really enjoyed their char siu rice rolls, which had large pieces of bbq pork in them.  I thought their Siu Mai was just average, they were pretty small actually.  But overall, the dimsum was good.We didn't receive great service here, the dimsum carts came but the rest of the employees ignored us when we needed some plum sauce or water.  But I wasn't too surprised, if you want the authentic Chinese restaurant experience, you have to expect the not-so stellar service.I prefer to hit the Chinatown area for dimsum but if you are staying at a hotel on the strip, PPP isn't too far out the way to get yourself a dimsum fix with some authentic dishes.
5	Would normally say this is a 4 star as I have had better but this is 5 stars for Vegas Chinese.  I have tried a bunch of places but cant remember the names to give the reviews.I need to get more active on here.  Its such a useful site maybe even become an ELITE however you do that  (many yelpers are as questionable as many of the restaurants but hours and location & entertainment of reading the reviews as I dine is much fun)Every dish was a pleasure.  The tea, the Hot & Sour, the service, the 4 dishes we shared at the table all were very very good.Packed with Asian patrons for what thats worth?!?!  I felt like it meant a lot since its in the middle of a Casino and not in Chinatown.Will make the trip back until soon.
4	The BF had a craving for late night dim sum and so I went on a search to find who serves even a small selection throughout the day. It's not on the dinner menu, but I was told you can order dimsum from the kitchen late night for $2.88 each. The selection is limited and depends on what didn't sell that morning. Hey, it's better than nothing....the only late night dimsum (Kan's) closed. We ended up getting:Shrimp Har Gao- the shrimp and wrapper was fine, but I think the wrapper is slightly too thick.Shumai- I did not like their version. Something about the taste just doesn't work for me and was just OK. Shrimp cake- these were tasty. They were panfried so it was crisp and inside was dense cake, shrimp and green onion. We also got off the menu:Mapo Tofu ($7.95)- pretty good. The meat had a sausage like flavor to it which was interesting since most just throw plain ground meat. Tofu is always noms to me.Salt&Pepper Pork Chop ($9.95)- the fry was light so the texture was nice. Funny that "salt" is part of the name, but it needed a tad more of that. I was surprised by the prices. I honestly thought it would be more at a casino, but it's about the same pricing as some of the nicer Chinese restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd. I think it was very fair priced and the quality was good. The service was friendly and pretty on it with drinks and checking up on us. Will be coming back for daytime dimsum....one of these days we'll actually wake up early enough for it.
4	VERY authentic. Makes sense as the head chef dim sum was kidnapped by Mafiosos right out of Hong Kong. Every item you try, will either be a 3/5 star experience, or 4/5 star experience, but you'll have mostly 4/5 star experiences.I dine fully comped, so I don't know if it's expensive or not, but dim sum here is one of the few reasons why I might want to wake up early-ish in Vegas.
5	I usually don't go to restaurants in casinos for authentic Chinese food, but I read the reviews on Yelp and wanted to give it a try.  We went to PPP on Friday evening for dinner.  We were seated right away and I like the modern decor of the restaurant. It is clean and neat. We ordered some spring rolls, HK style wonton noodles ,and shanhainese pan fried noodles.  They are all so delicious. I like them being not too salty.  I will definitely come back again and try out their dim sum as I read that they are pretty awesome too.
3	Dim sum was good and fresh. Service was good. I thought it was on the pricey side 21 dollars for one person just seemed high.
3	It's an interesting setting for me. Dim sum inside a casino. I like how the waitress are all dressed in oriental outfit, matching the theme very well.The food is just okay, I thought the chicken feet is too oily. Really had to keep drinking hot tea to wash it all away. New item that I try was the fish ball, which is not bad.Very good customer services.
5	I've had dim sum in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Hawaii.  This is the best.  Huge selection on carts.  I love the honey glaze on the various baked cho so Bao. Hard to believe that you'd find such good dim sum in a casino.  Priced right too. 2.98 for most of the plates
3	The place was crowded and the service was so-so. They need more carts but no much room. However, the dim sum was actually good. Prices is more than other places off the strip but it's cheaper than dim sum on the strip. Free refills on soda, I haven't been to any places that serves dim sum where you can get free refills on soda.I would only came here if I lived here, but a few places to visit before coming back.
4	Food is great.  Definitely must get the black pepper beef medallions.  Service is hit or miss.  Ironically enough, their actual servers, and especially bussers, give great service.  When they are busy or understaffed, and the managers step in to help, it goes down the drain.  They are slow, unattentive, and rude.  Eating by myself at Ping Pang Pong, a male manager waited on me one night.  After finishing my meal, I sat for 27 minutes (yes, I kept track) without receiving the check.  When I went to the front, where he was laughing with an employee, and asked for my check, he just rolled his eyes at me, and did not even apologize for the wait.
3	Black bean chicken - SuckedShrimp fried rice - SaltySesame Shrimp Rolls - ExcellentWe tried this place because they advertised on their billboards how their restaurant won all these awards and they were right across the street from our hotel (the palms). The food is definitely authentic tasting, but it was very salty for my liking.The black bean chicken was recommended by the manager waiting on us, and it was a bad a call. Sounded good, but it turned out not to be so great. Nonetheless when we ate all three items together the food didn't taste so bad.Still, its definitely not AWARD winning like they paint themselves to be. I wouldn't mind eating here again: as long as I order something different.I think our biggest mistake was ordering the fried rice. If we had white rice instead, and ordered two other meat dishes other than the black bean chicken it would have been fine.Maybe i'll do that next time.This restaurant definitely has potential, we just made poor choices in ordering our food.Our fault. Service was good. A-Ok.
4	My dad will sometimes take us to eat here and I must say that it does it's magic on my Chinese-American taste buds. When we're here for dim sum, I will get anything shrimpy and fried with the sweet mayonnaise. How can you go wrong with the combination of those 3? My favorite of which are the sesame shrimp rolls. When we're here for dinner, we always get the Peking duck, walnut shrimp, and garlic snow pea chutes. At the sound of duck, my 4 year old will pounce for the legs and happily sit there for the next 10 minutes nibbling at them. The skin is crunchy and the duck is meaty compared to other restaurants that serve some starving ducks. Walnut shrimp are crispy fried shrimp with glazed walnuts covered in more of my favorite sweet mayonnaise. Snow pea chutes are ordered to get our vegetable intake for the evening and taste like almost any Chinese vegetable because it's always covered in a garlic, sesame oil stir fry. The snow pea chutes are just nice, tender. and really good at sopping up the garlicky goodness.Overall, 4 stars because they have great food. I think it's a bit pricey because it's in a casino, but since I never have to pay for it (thanks dad!), the price is just right.
5	This is my favorite authentic Chinese restaurant.  It's located in the Gold Coast Casino and every time I've eaten here, I'm the only customer ordering in English.  This is authentic!  You can order off the menu or eat Dim Sum off the various food carts being rolled around the restaurant.  Personally, I think it's better to skip the menu and order whatever looks good on the carts.  We ordered all kinds of items off the carts with beer and our bill was only $50.  Everything was delicious, except the fried chicken feet, which even our waitress said she did not eat.  You don't want the chicken feet, but everything else we had off the carts was delicious.  Be prepared to be a little overwhelmed when you first sit down by the various food cart servers pitching you with all kinds of different food choices.  Just choose whatever looks good and pass on anything that doesn't, and stop ordering when your table looks like it has enough food on it.  Authentic Chinese restaurant ambiance-5 stars, Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-5 stars.
5	Five stars for Ping Pang Pong. Price, late-night hours, and excellent authentic Chinese food overcome the flaws with the rude, slow and often non-existent service. I recommend sitting at the counter where you can watch the cooks turn out the dishes and easily get the attention of one of the servers. I've eaten here three times now and have yet to walk away disappointed with the food. Highly recommended.
4	I've eaten at Ping Pang Pong twice now and had two very different meals with two very different outcomes. My first experience with PPP was for Dim Sum. It was absolutely delicious and very authentic. I've been eating at some of the great Dim Sum houses in Alhambra (East of Downtown LA) and surrounds for years and years and was quite surprised and pleased that PPP was able to serve up Dim Sum that was on par with some of the greats like Ocean Star and NBC (Both on Atlantic Blvd. Alhambra...Don't miss 'em). Ping Pang Pong serves a wide variety of Dim Sum and the carts filled with the steaming treats are plentiful. The prices are similar to places in Alhambra & Los Angeles, however, instead of placing four of something on a plate, they put three. Nonetheless, the food is terrific. Lunch for three very satisfied people was about $10-$12 per person...and we were stuffed. Bravo on Dim Sum PPP.Now the downside to the story...My second trip to the restaurant was for dinner. We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Pineapple Beef, Seafood Noodles, and Squab in Lettuce Cups. Overall a great disappointment. The Hot & Sour soup was the best dish we ordered, so we started off the meal well. The Squab in Lettuce Cups were good, but not great...and a bit on the chintzy side. Because there were four of us, we were required to order two additional pieces of lettuce at $1 apiece. Come on...two extra dollars for two tiny pieces of lettuce? The Pineapple Beef had absolutely NO FLAVOR. It was terrible actually. I don't even think they put salt in it it was that tasteless. The pineapple chunks were straight out of a can...and the can was probably from the 99 Cent store. Just plain bad. The Noodles were about average from any Chinese restaurant. Towards the end of the meal I felt like I would only come back to this place for Dim Sum but some of my dinner companions disagreed. We did see dishes that looked really savory and tempting being served to other tables. The Walnut Glazed Shrimp looked amazing!  The overall consensus was that we may have just ordered a couple of dishes that were lackluster and that Ping Pang Pong is worthy of another dinner experience. Their Dim Sum is first rate so I know they know how to cook.
4	Great Dim Sum!
4	Excellent food, not great service...
2	Overrated. Rated the best chinese restaurant in las vegas 2011? Are you kidding me?? Slow service, lazy server, absolutely outrageous price and very very slow dim sum cart. Who wanna wait half an hour outside and another half an hour to get a chicken feet??I am sorry ping pang pong, you just feel like a ping pong then a true pang for my buck!
4	best dim sum spot in vegas!  the wait can be long during weekends lunch or dinner and you have to walk through the cloud of smoke to get to the restaurant.  but their food is excellent.  my fav. is their bbq pork bun (served only after 5pm) and they ALWAYS sell out of it fast!  i call in the order a day ahead to ensure i get my fix for those buns =)
3	It's convenient if you're staying at Gold Coast Hotel....they have cheap & good dimsum in there!  The only downside...service is slow if you're gonna order from the menu or waiting for your check...server takes a while before you can get there attention.
3	Ping pang pong.  Well lets get some facts straight.  It's in Gold Coast.  No one expects a 5 star steak from a place like that,  It's chinese and it's better than panda express.  I had some Orange beef and man that stuff was good.  It was like a glaze rather than a sauce on it.  Made it pretty delicious.  Am i gonna go out of my way for it ? no. but if i go bowling there sometime then sure why not.
2	OMG WORST SERVICE EVER.took a cab out from the strip bc of the great reviews.. should have just ate the noodle bar in caesars.  ordered a tremendous amount from the menu...i expected more dim sum for dinner but they only had a few selections and the ones we chose were out... had chicken feet... i didnt eat but heard it was amazing.fried rice was dry.the dimsum we did have was good though..chinese broccoli..i personally dont like so i cant really review it..IMO, dont waste your time unless youre already tehre
4	Dim sum close to the strip!  Prices are reasonable and it's open late.
4	The only dim sum I've had in Vegas, but it's done well at Ping Pang Pong! Okay yes, the name is pretty ridiculous and stereotypical to Chinese people, but don't let that turn you off! This place is pretty legit.A lot of reviewers mention that the wait is pretty crazy, but I've came here on weekdays only and never had to wait for a table, so maybe it's only crazy on weekends?All the dishes we've had were good, but we've only came here for dim sum, so I'm not sure (but curious) how their other food is.Service is decent, which I'm used to at Chinese restaurants, so it's good enough for me!Kind of shocked that this place was noted as the 'Best Chinese Restaurant of 2011'. Is nothing good in Chinatown then? Haha.
1	Do I even have to give a star? In Australia we call this style of dining yum cha.  Firstly, They say the kitchen closes at 3pm, and we arrived at 2pm. The dim sum cart came around once, then we were told to order from the menu if we wanted more food. The service was SHOCKINGLY BAD, they would ask you a question, and then ignore the answer, only to ask the question again, only to get caught up in a conversation with another server, only to ask the question again.I can't even be bothered telling you all the other issues here, because I want to clear my head space from people/businesses like this.NEXT!
3	*Looks into restaurant and sees a butt load of Chinese people* Aw hell yeah, this place CAN'T be bad!!A butt load of Chinese people in an Asian restaurant + a wait line = this can't be too bad!!Okay so this place wasn't bad at all, even with the ridiculous name BUT it just doesn't compare to what I get in SF. =X BUT the food here was still fairly decent for a dim sum place in a funny smelling casino! DIM SUM IS WHAT'S FOR LUNCHLike most dim sum places you have women pushing around carts full of food asking if you want any of this or any of that, what they serve here is exactly what any other dim sum restaurant in SF would have. The food was okay and for sure did not and could not compare to the dim sum I get in SF but the BBQ pork fried rice was the best thing we had that afternoon. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say it was better than most BBQ pork fried rice dishes I've tried in SF. =XSERVICEOur waiter was quick, he took drink orders down (he memorized the drink orders) and a couple minutes later he was back with all the drinks! DAMN! Then we asked for BBQ pork fried rice, a couple minutes if not a minute later he comes back with it! CONCLUSIONI definitely wouldn't mind coming back here and who knows, maybe during my next Vegas trip I'll make a return. =)
4	I like the fact they have a legit dim sum place in Sin City. Variety is the spice of life.Service- Chinese place so you know the drill. Hehateyou youhatehim.Food Highlights:Tripe white/yellow very tastyChinese broccoliSalt pepper shrimp- ordered off menu- Yummy best dish of the meal.Everything else is decent.Issue with being double charged for salt pepper shrimp. unk if resolved or not.Will be back.Whatever you do do not order the Creamofsumyunguy.
4	Saw the signs that said they were voted the #1 best Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas & they were right!  We all really enjoyed our meal.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
4	I've never been a fan of eating dim sum but I was quite impressed with the dim sum here.  If you need a dim sum fix in Vegas, this is the place to go.  My favorites are the white tripe dish and the fried chicken wings.  I also really liked the bbq pork fried rice and shrimp dumplings.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
4	Good chinese food in the middle of the dessert. Didn't see the dim sum.
3	Not a band place to try, been here several times.....1.  Parking - A bit of a hike as you have to go to the Gold Coast Casino parking and then walk to the restaurant. So it is what it is. Not to bad, not too close.2.  Ambiance - I knock off a star for it being or having a very odd feeling. It is kinda open to the casino floor, and it seems to be that the restaurant was stuck here, rather than designed to be here.  You have to walk through the smokey casino to get to the restaurant and then there is always a lingering amount of smoke from the people smoking outside the restaurant.3.  Note - You have to go to use the casino bathrooms, which while they are not far at all, you still have to go through the casino. Not an issue if you are a casino lover.4.  Food - Not bad.  The carts of dim sum did not seem to weave an order that I could detect.  You have to flag them down. The food itself is good, yet when you have to search out the cart , wait and wait it dampers the experience a bit.  For this I knock off 1/2 a star.5.  Service - Not bad, but kinda like "we are busy" and "you should be happy to wait for a table" type attitude.  This type of attitude does not bother me greatly, however, it also does not endear loyalty and a pleasant experience. With so many great restaurants opening up that serve dim sum, they need to up their game.What happened?  They used to be highly rated and I find them to be pretty good, yet not highly rated.Worth a try for sure.
4	cheap and good...
2	Disappointed that they do not have Xiao Long Bao... though it was mentioned on yelp that they do.
3	Like many others, we opted for PPP on a random late Vegas night.  The food was alright (went for the veggie noodles) and although better than some other places I've tried, it really didn't hit the spot for me.  Plus, we came on a kind of busy night...? It took quite a while to get seated even though it wasn't too busy looking and a bunch of empty tables available.  Rough night for them?  Maybe.  Food was enticing enough to maybe return for a 2nd round.. hopefully my experience is better next time.
2	This place has been voted as the best Dim Sum place in Vegas. Hard to believe the selection of dim sum restaurants have to hold up their standards to this location, especially in Vegas, when the Chinese demographic is booming. Not a lot of choices here, seating is small, therefore, their is a long line before coming in, and some of the dishes are seriously over priced. A dish of Chinese broccoli is $9! That's like buying 8 bundles of fresh Chinese broccoli.
2	Dim Sum in Vegas is a great thing.Problem is these idiots don't know how to sit people in order. Stood in line for 30 mins while people behind was seated first because they had bigger parties. First come first serve numb nutts.Food was decent, but shu mai never came our way wtf?They should call this place Ping Pang Pow, because I was about to slap the dam mgr upside his fat head.I gave a 20% tip anyways, our server was ok and I am not a monster.
4	Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of my top choices for dim sum here in Vegas.  First, the restaurant is small so it doesn't take too terribly long for the carts to circulate and deliver piping hot dim sum foods to you!  I am not a fan of luke warm dim sum.  This is often a problem when a place isn't busy and things circulate for too long or when a place is too big and the carts have travel vast distances from kitchen to patron.  They offer all of my faves like chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, baked char shiu bau (sp?), shrimp and chive nuggets, crab balls, chow fun, shiu mai (sp?).  OK, OK I admit I have absolutely no idea how to name or spell most of the hot tiny treasures but I love to eat them!  One complaint here at ping pang pong, is that they serve the oyster sauce on the side of the chinese broccoli....I must prefer a heart drizzle evenly over the top.  They are friendlier than most but still the service is abrupt, semi-angry, and without any normal pleasantries.  This is to be expected from most Chinese establishments, especially dim sum.  But the attitude adds to the experience if you ask me!  If it is your first crack at dim sum, this may be the best place to try it.  The ladies pushing the carts even explained what was in some of the items!  Revolutionary.  Dim sum at ping pang pong is better than most here in town but not the best ever, but definitely worth a try!!!
4	Great authentic food, always comes fast and fresh. If you are only accustomed to americanised Asian food then this is not your place.  I love coming here.
4	One of the better Chinese restaurants in Vegas. Ordered roasted lamb, duck, and noodles. Pretty authentic flavor, but nothing terribly spectacular.
5	Very good food. Nice waitress. Reasonable price.
1	People in Las Vegas are usually too drunk or just not smart enough to realize what bad service looks like. I have been coming here for 3 years because the Gold Coast comps me all the time. The Food has always been 5-stars, but the service is so bad that in the last 2 years, I have NEVER left a tip. And everyone around this town knows I am a big tipper. I mean, my local sushi spot is a place in NW Las Vegas called "Sushi Bomb". The chefs and servers are so friendly and nice to me that even though my bill comes out to $32.00, I will pay with a $100 and tell them to keep the change. So Yes, I am not afraid to tip if the service is that good. What is wrong with Ping Pang Pong? At 1st I thought it was a cultural misunderstanding. I noticed that most the workers speak barely any English and most are from Mainland China and not Taiwan(Taiwanese restaurants are always much more friendly). But, even other Chinese people who come here get into big fights with the servers and complain all the time about how bad the service is. Common problems here: -You go up to the counter and wait for the host to seat you or put you on the list. 15 minutes later, the host will not come over. She won't even give you eye contact or say: "I will be right with you". When the host finally comes she doesn't even know how to seat you. You would think that since this has been her job for the last 2-3 years she would have finally figured out how to do it right, but somehow she still hasn't got it down. Common sense says that the person at the front of the line should be the person you should service, but she will just pick a random person at times. -Many times(and this happens a lot) a drunk from the casino who doesn't have the coherency to stand in line will attempt to cut infront of you. The server WILL seat him instead even though you shout at her that the drunk cut in line. -After waiting about 40minutes, you will get seated. After that you will have to wait another 15-20 minutes for your server to come take you order. -Another 35-40minutes later your food will finally arrive. Sometimes(and this happens a lot also) your food will NEVER arrive, and you will have to complain to the servers. They somehow lose your orders a lot here. If your order does come, many times the order will be WRONG. This is a headache because now you will have to wait another 30 minutes for the right one to come out.-Once the server takes your order, you will NEVER see another server come around ever again. If you want srirachi or water...tough luck because no ones is gonna get it for you! No one will ever even come around 1 time to check up on you or ask you if there is anything you need. Yet, these people still expect a tip?-If there is a mistake with the bill(example-they charged you for something you didn't order-And this happens here a lot too), the staff speaks such limited English that is will take forever for you to get them to understand  what your problems is.Now the thing I see a lot is that many people will complain about all of the things I listed above. They will complain about how bad the service is, yet they will still leave a tip! By leaving a tip you are just encouraging them to keep up their rude, lazy and incompetent service.  Okay I will admit that The food here at Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese Food in the world....So it is only justified that the service should meet up to the standards of how good the food is. So my solution to end the bad service here for good is to STOP TIPPING until they learn. I know the management reads these things. They know who I am. I am the guy who wears the Burberry Coats and I usually show up with  2 extremely tall Japanese and Korean-Americans. We come almost every week......btw, the service is so slow that expect to be here for 2-3 hours.
2	An overrated stinkhole that failed to deliver good service and food. I wanted to leave this place as soon as we got the check. I looked on at gamblers with envy, at least they had the potential to get their money back. The glitzy massive billboards and numerous reviews that laud this place as one of the best Chinese food restaurants are misleading. Maybe that distinction was right in the past but I couldn't find anything that would qualify as "best".  I should've known with a name like Ping Pang Pong. The problems began in the beginning. Once seated we were ignored for a good time and my sister had to get up and ask for drinks. The food that came was unmemorable and smelled odd, even for a Chinese restaurant. The Cantonese Princess Chicken was cold, bony, and slathered in oil. Our noodle dish was over seasoned with curry powder and had a pungent odor. It left my stomache feeling uneasy as I was driving home. The only food I liked was the sauteed Chinese brocolli and soup, unfortunately that's not enough to warrant a visit. Overall, I wouldn't recommend coming here especially when there are plenty of better options in the valley.
3	The food & dim sum was just ok, nothing special sigh. Got there around 2pm so most the dessert stuff was all gone. So if your a dessert person go early. Was waiting for the tea person and they came towards almost the end of our meal. I was a bit upset about that. We didn't even get any water or anything.Also I love rice noodle shrimp but their rice noodle skin is thick which I don't like and they don't have the sweet soy sauce sauce its a sesame oil with sugar water. Doesn't taste good but the shrimps are big and de-veined so that's good somewhat hehee. Some dim sum things they changed to make a little twist or something but I think I'm kind of old fashion when it comes to Dim Sum unless it's new desserts hehee. Order a lot of dim sum stuff and nothing was like wow.Order some fried rice and it was so oily and almost no favor =T I wouldn't go back to eat unless it was comp.
4	When it comes to the dim sum: Har gow, shiu mai, sesame balls, chicken feet, pai guat, mango puddng, and all that other stuff of deliciousness, this is probably one of the cleaner, more efficient places I've been to. It's small so it's not chaotic. Plenty of food to go around and order. For a chinese restaurant, the service is pretty decent. People are attentive enough to notice that a cart moving around isn't enough to meet all your needs... If you want to order off the menu, they got some pretty decent choices too.For food, convenience, service, cleanliness, 4-stars.
5	Not a food snob when it comes to trying Asian, but I will not eat at PF Changs.  There is something to be said about Asian restaurants- they aren't corporate American. They don't care to know who you are, they just want to serve good food at a good price and get you the hell out.  I love it!Walk in and find the cashier. She will show you to a clean table without even saying anything. The server assistant will come around and ask if you want a beverage. Tip: don't order the wine. It's served from a twist cap single serving 6 pack. My friend almost threw up. HAHA. The server comes by and asks if we're ready to order. We were. The food came out about 10 minutes later, if that.The food is shareable so be careful how much you order. One plate of rice is good for 4 people and two entrees is good for 4 people. I looked at the cooks to notice none of them talking, they were just busting out the food. The server checked on us once and then asked if we wanted to go boxes. They brought them over, boxed up the food and we paid.If you go to an Asian restaurant and it's full of Asians then they must be doing something right. This place is full of them.
5	Everytime I go to Las Vegas, I would find a morning to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Even I live in LA, a place have tons of dim sum restaurant.  For my taste preference, Ping Pang Pong offers much better taste than any other dim sum place in LA.You should go early unless you want to wait for at least an hour.
4	Wandered around this place half a year ago. Took a look at the menu near the entrance and thought this is probably a very Americanized Chinese restaurant. Half a year later, I was driving around town and noticed a billboard saying they're voted the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. So I gave them a try. The first thing came to my mind - Gold Coast is better than I thought. After minutes of walking through the casino, I finally made it to the restaurant. It's an open space meaning people outside can see inside. The tables are placed in an traditional way and may seem to be too closed to each other if you expect more privacy. I had no idea they had a long line waiting outside. I was there for at least half an hour. By the time I left there was no line. They did have a waitress come out and ask for party size but I don't think it helped at all.It was lunch time, so beside regular menu, they have lots of dim-sum served as well. Actually people go there just for the dim-sum for lunch. I had 9 dishes plus one dessert. (yes I ate it all by myself) Not very good, but not bad either. Also had a mushroom tofu which I couldn't finish there, it was pretty yummy. I expected the bill to be around 70, but surprisingly it was 47 after tax. Some of the dim-sum I ordered were only 2.88 and some are 3.88, not even close to the price I thought it would be. (Dim-sums are divided into two categories. Every time you get something, they stamp on your paper accordingly) I laughed when I got the bill.The pronunciation of 8 in Chinese is similar to "get rich". The pricing is pretty authentic to Chinese culture.
4	Ping Pang Pong is best dim sum place in Vegas except Jasmine in Bellagio. I've lived in Los Angeles for 15 years and I am telling you this is a really good dim sum place but you have to come here early. You have to come here before noon time (they open at 10am) to have most fresh and tasty dim sum. My fav dishes are sausage bao, custard tarts, porridge, pearl rice balls,har gow,scallions and chicken feet.The only reason can bring me to gold coast hotel is having dim sum at Ping Pang Pong and hot pot at Noodle Exchange. Otherwise I would never step into this hotel because the environment. However I keep coming back here for food twice a month. Now you can figure out how much I enjoy their food :)
4	My comments are pretty much the same as everyone elses - excellent food... slow, methodical service. Take a patience pill and you will have an excellent meal
5	This is my absolute favourite Chinese restaurant EVER!  I like it so much I used the British way of spelling favorite. Imagine that! A 'u' right in the centre of the word!I always get the Singapore noodles whilst restraunting (it's a verb, too) this place. My flavourite (coined a new word) dish is the walnut prawns.
4	Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas. It's actually affordable here considering its in a casino.I love the name...everything this is made pretty fresh and Sunday's it gets busy so be prepared to wait...
5	I did not expect much when going into the Gold Coast. This was definitely an experience I would recommend to everyone.For starters we had siopao and also ordered West Lake Beef Soup. Wow that a very tasty beef soup loaded with various vegetables. I ordered the Cantonese duck. Must say that was the best duck dish I ever had set my mouth into. For $12.95 it was a steal!My wife had the lamb tenderloin. I've never had lamb tenderloin before this, and was very impressed with the taste & texture of the lamb. Was cooked perfectly. The vegetables mixed in with this dish could not have been a better choice.For 2 people at dinner, we paid just over $50. Not terrible considering the quality we received.
4	Just came back from Vegas.  Got to try this dim sum place second time around and decided to write a review.  The dim sum tastes freshly made.  Flavor is good.  Price is reasonable.  Its located inside Gold Coast casino Las Vegas.  Get there for dim sum early, like around 10:30 -11:30.  It gets busy around noon and usually there is a line.  Cann't recommand anything specific.  Overall the food was good.  Will go there again next time in Vegas.
1	Service was HORRIBLE!!!  How the hell do you serve the entrees WITHOUT the rice?  Or serve the adults drinks, and NOT the kids??  The food wasn't GREAT..but I'm from Cali, and know what GREAT Chinese food tastes like.  I'm NEVER going back there.
3	It's your average Chinese restaurant. The dishes aren't extraordinary as it's the same as anywhere else in Chinatown. (Maybe it's because I'm from San Francisco, and our Chinese food here is BOMB.) The location is just much nicer, since it's located inside a casino. The utensils and the restaurant is really clean.
1	I have been to Ping Pang Pong for Dim Sum and it was ok.  I do not remember it being great as I love dim sum and will drive almost an hour to China Town in Los Angeles to have it.  And I have never gone out of my way to drive a few minutes to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Tonight my husband and I had dinner at Ping Pang Pong.  It was awful.  Not bad awful, terrible awful.  I had the Chilean sea bass which was deep fried in greasy oil.  Seems they deep fried it to avoid the fishiness.  But it did not take away the fishy taste.  My husband had the duck and it was not great.  He was hungry after the duck and we ordered the Gobo Beef dish.  it was so awful we both took a bite and that was it.  Left the entire dish.  We have eaten lots of meals and I have never seen my husband leave a full plate of food.  Service was not great but that never is an issue if the food is good.  The quality of the fish and duck and meat was crap.  The reviews for the dim sum were all pretty good, but having tried the food over dinner, there's no way we will ever go back there.  Still burping from that meal and I think I may be seeing it come back up very soon.
1	Shrimp ball,shrimp buns,fried shrimp,steamed shrimp...Shrimp Buffet n Noodles!!haha A whole bunch of small dishes with a BIG price tag!Its VEGAS and if yor craving the far east jump in the cab and say "olympic garden!"oh youre Hungry??!! i thought u said something else!haha Go to panda express and use the rest of yo loot on some designer socks.
3	Definitely good but not great.  If your looking for a safe bet at the Gold Coast this is definitely a good choice.
4	This place has hands down the best pork buns in the universe. If you had a spaceship named the Millenium Falcon, you still could not travel far enough in this universe to find better pork buns. I could have eaten 100 of them. Everything else was very good too. I had never tried that rice porridge stuff before, but my girl got some from the dim sum cart and that stuff is way better than it looks lol. Everything we got was really very good, but the pork buns just blew me away. Every time I go to Vegas for the rest of my life, I will eat at this restaurant and probably pig out on the pork buns in the most disgustingly gluttonous way possible lol. I can't stop thinking about them. sooooo good. Ambiance is very nice too, and the service was very friendly and attentive.
3	we ordered there orange chicken, kong pao chicken, and there beef medallions the orange chicken was down right nasty. i wouldnt recc it to anyone. the kong pao chicken was decent but not good.and the beef medallions were oki wouldnt go back unless it was really late at night and there was little to no options but its def not something that youd be running back to.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Great authentic Chinese food tucked away in a casino off the strip (Gold Coast). If you find yourself staying at the Rio or Palms, it is a worthwhile walk. It's worth a drive from anywhere else.I went there twice on my last trip to Vegas. The first time I got jellyfish and calamari with veggies in a hot sauce (a chef's special). I admit I was drawn to it for its "weirdness," but also to prove to myself that it doesn't matter what you order. If you have an open mind, this place is a foodie adventure. Anyway, this dish was great. I started with the squab and pork lettuce cups, which were a little heavy on the lettuce, but they really didn't skimp on the meat either. Perfect amount of salt and tangy. Again, really good.My second night there I had the Cantonese sausage fried rice and lamb tenderloin (more along the lines of what I would usually order) and it was very flavorful. Across the board, they do a great job with balancing flavors - hot and sweet, and a little hint of ginger when you are not expecting it. Also, you gotta love $3.50 Tsing Tao beer...Service is a little spotty, but I was dining alone and checking email/Facebook in the gaps, so I got by alright.I highly recommend this place. Especially if your idea of Chinese food is that it should come out of a cardboard box. This is the kind of place that proves this cuisine can be as good as any other in a sit down restaurant setting.
2	I love dim sum and tried this place to be different than visiting my usual haunts.  It was not anything special and is at the bottom of ratings to the other places in Las Vegas for dim sum.  The restaurant is small and carts are packed with varieties but too easy to overlook favorites.  Also, the carts may not be able to hold everything so a server comes around separately to offer a dish and they often pass over a table.The deal breaker?  They charge for tea.  Are you serious?!!Won't be back, I'll return to my favorite dim sum places where I know they will not be trying to gouge us thinking we are tourists.
3	This place came highly recommended from our taxi cab driver and we were a bit skeptical.  He reassured us that the place had the best dim sum in town and everyone who ate there were Asian and he's pretty much the only white guy.  Not being racist, but that's a good sign!  Food wise: The ladies come around in their carts and it's typical dim sum.  Some were good and some were re-steamed.  You can always tell because the shell at this point is a bit too mushy or it has a texture that you know it wasn't so fresh.  Nonetheless there was a good selection.Atmosphere:  Yes, it can get packed and yes, there were a lot of Asians that dined here.  I almost felt like I was back in Hong Kong with people just talking super loud and being kinda rude.  Haha...Bottom line: If dim sum is what you're looking for and you want something a little more authentic, this is an option.  I know the casinos on the strip has plenty of Asian restaurants, but it's more catered to the "tourists" crowd.  This feels a little more homey.
1	This restaurant is the worst place to eat in Las Vegas!!!!  Everything you don't want in a restaurant is here.  Bad food, Bad service, Bad management, and expensive!!!!!!!!If you're not chinese or white, forget getting a decent treatment from this people.
5	Hungover from a crazy night in the Heffner Suite? Walk over to ping pang pong for some awesome congee to take the sting off.My girlfriend and I went twice over the weekend and both times they completely hit the spot with har gow, congee, and hot mustard.
5	ching chong ling long ting tong.english translation: soh gud!!
4	Ping Pang Pong.We used to make so much fun of this place, because let's face facts... the name sounds very racist. Does anyone know what it means, because I'd like to know.I had a comp room at Gold Coast, and my usual eateries there are the Buffet (which is alright) or TGI Fridays, or I walk across the street to the Rio Buffet. This trip I decided I had a hankering for Chinese food, but I wasn't brave enough to go down a few blocks to Spring Mountain for the real authentic stuff, so I decided to go to the place we all joked about, Ping Pang Pong.I was pleasantly surprised.The service was great! Everyone was smiling with quick, prompt service. They were knowledgeable about their food too. I had the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, which had shrimp, scallops, and calamari in it. It was so tasty, and I filled up quite quickly.I'm not quite sure on the authenticity of the food, I am certainly not the judge on that. But the food was good. Price was a tad high but certainly the food delivered.
4	This 4 star is only for being the best dim sum place in Vegas, but if you compare to the ones in Cali or Hong Kong, this place is just... ok. It's really hard to find a good place to eat dim sum in Vegas.But whenever I want dim sum, this is the go-to place, don't even risk trying the other ones, cuz you might want your money back :pThis review is only for the dim sum dishes, cuz I don't eat noodles or other entrees when I go for dim sum :) The dim sums are pretty good, but they only have a limited selection, I like it more when there is more varieties. The other thing is that this place is inside a casino, and the only thing that goes between you and the casino floor is a fence, so you always smell people smoking or people looking, kind of awkward... Also, I hate that this place only sells Portuguese egg tart on weekends, where the hell is my Hong Kong style egg tart?!?!?!
3	This restaurant is known for their dim sum, but we came here and ordered individual dinner plates.  This restaurant was very packed and on top of that, it's located inside a casino.  Overall, the food was okay and just like any other Chinese restaurant out there.  I will definitely come back for dim sum the next time I'm in town.
1	Came here because I was told this is one of the good dim sum places in Vegas.  I'll be honest, I had better.  The wait time to get dim sum such as the chicken feet, tripe, spare ribs, etc took about :30mins since we were seated.  The tripe and spare ribs were bland.  Only good thing was the fried rice and noodles.
3	We came on a friday night and got a couple individual dinner plates. I ordered the Gabo beef and beef chow fun for ~27.- Gabo beef was very delicious Although the portion seemed small, it was very fulfilling. the meat even appeared dry, but turned out to be juicy. It was tender and quite flavorful. - Beef chow fun was pretty good and the portion was generous. Kind of unremarkable. Not too oily. No real unique taste.- Free hot tea :)- Fast service. Quick with refills.- If you see a lot of old asian grand ma's and pop's, then you know its legit! lol- It's pleasant enough for me to come back and try their dim sum. - For dinner, I'd opt for wendy's noodle cafe.:)!
3	Not bad at all.  The standard dishes - chinese broccoli, xiu mai, ha cao, chicken feet, black bean pork ribs, steamed bbq pork bun, shrimp wrapped in thick rice noodle, chinese donut wrapped in rice noodle - were all a-ok.  The rice and chicken served in a vertical bamboo cup was tasty; flavors were similar to Vietnamese 'com ga', with ginger, light soy, and chicken.  The xiu mai had orange/yellow 'eggs' on it which tasted like crab innards/tomal/mustard; rich and super flavorful.  All the dumplings were packed with meat and/or seafood and not a lot of fillers (yay!).  The only downside is that the offerings are limited/uninspired; just the basics.  I'd come back if I were in LV and craving dim sum.Other important info: small establishment, push cart servers, prices are higher than CA but definitely reasonable, located inside Gold Coast Hotel off the Strip next to RIo and across from the Palms.
2	Ping Pang Pong? Pong Pong Pong? Pang Ping Pong? Pong Ping Pang?Yum dom cha, sik goh bao! If you don't know this reference, its from Jin.Anyways, Ping Pang Pong was the very first restaurant I dined at in Sin City. They had a massive dining area with dim sum cart ladies running around like mad. My friend's mom had ordered chicken feet at least 10 times and none of which were fulfilled. Might I add that I also like chicken feet? So I was also disappointed when we came up empty handed.The dim sum here was okay, nothing special.
4	My family doesn't really like to go out to Chinese restaurants very often since my dad was once a Chinese chef and knows how to cook dishes very well himself. When we do go out or get take-out however, it's always from 'Ping Pang Pong' (still don't understand the logic of this name choice..). He always raves how this is a really good Chinese restaurant and they cook their dishes with all the right ingredients and proportions. The pricing is very suitable too. You would assume being inside a casino, they would charge more than the actual dish is worth, but the price range is about $6-8 for a good portion of food per dish. My dad would be the one to know all the technical stuff with what is a good quality Chinese dish and bad quality. The reason why I know this restaurant really lives up to the 'Best Chinese Restaurant' awards plastered around the entrance is because the traffic that I have seen come in and out of this restaurant, and the number of to-go orders that are bunched up on their large counter space everytime I am here. It's ridiculous! We've had to wait a good 45 minutes for our to-go order (3 dishes) to come out, so my advice is if you're looking for some take-out.. make sure you order way ahead of time of when you expect to actually eat.Had dimsum the other day and they don't have a wide variety of options but for what they do have, it's superb quality in my opinion! Really loved their turnip cake. Best I've ever had! 4 instead of 5 stars is just because I wish their floor space was a little larger and had more selection of dimsum items, but as for their quality of food.. 5 stars for sure.
1	Food is pretty good but service is horrible. Got sat quickly and it took them about 15 minutes to ask what we wanted to drink, at the same we said we were ready to order and the person just walks away and another 15 - 20 minute wait on just order. So the order is put in for roast duck, fried rice and walnut shrimp. We start eating and drinking our sodas and no one comes by with refills so at this point I just want to eat and leave but nope. They just walk by and don't acknowledge us at all. So I had to get up and pay for the meal at the front desk and tell them straight up I'm not tipping them. The girl at the counter just looks and me and doesn't say anything at all. I will not be dining there at all in the future until they know how to treat their customers. I wasn't the only unhappy person either another table was pissed they couldn't order either. I hope they don't expect people to go back just because of the food. Order to go or something if you really want to eat there.
3	Everyone was raving about Ping Pang Pong, and after a having a good meal at the Noodle Exchange the night before I was looking forward to trying them out. During lunch hours they have Dim Sum, if you love mostly shrimp dishes, then it's for you. I wasn't that thrilled with it, I did check out the lunch menu, but there wasn't anything that jumped out at me, I think I missed the boat on Ping Pang Pong, should have gone during dinner time.
1	Not sure if I ever reviewed this place yet or not.  If it weren't for the shrimp cakes dim sum then this place would have no stars.  I have to say I will never come back to this place again for the horrible customer service.  I went there to try to place a to go order and the person at the cash register said they were still closed but it was just another 10 mins so we waited patiently outside the entrance.  A heard of people came out of nowhere and after we were already standing behind a person, which I was there before they got there.  I still waited behind.  After the person had his order taken the cashier rudely had said she would not take our order that we had to wait behind the long line of people.  And I told her you seen me I was here before all these people even showed up.  Wow I bet if I was an older couple I bet she would have took our order anyway.   That is just poor customer service and lacking hospitality.  I will make sure I let everyone and anyone know that these people or at least the cashier who opened up the shift today on a Sunday evening is more of a reason for a food aficionado like me be pissed enough to bring my business and loyalty else where.  Yep unprofessional and never will go there again...  I'm hoping they are not  directly connected to the gold coast since one of my best friends was previously an hr director there... its a shame!
4	I love their dim sum! So far it's my favorite place in town for it. I'm a shrimp fan and they have so many options for me. The coconut buns and sesame balls are delicious. This is a place that any dim sum fan should try at least once.I haven't tried their regular menu items, but I've heard great things. I intend on checking this place out for dinner so I can see for myself.
3	This restaurant is small, clean and is conveniently located inside the Gold Coast casino. It's average, I've had better service and quality food elsewhere.
4	I met a friend from Canada for dinner at Ping Pang Pong tonight.  My only other dining experience here was with the same friend about 4 years ago.We ordered three dishes to share:  The Singapore rice noodles were excellent.  There was a fair number of shrimp and some small slices of pork along with onions.  The curry flavor was good.  For my taste, I could have used a bit more.  We got an order of wrinkled green beans.  I don't think they were seared as much as they should have been to make them wrinkled.  They were crisp.  Their flavor was very good.  Finally, we got the half roasted Cantonese duck.  The flavor of the duck was a winner, too!  I'm not a big fan of duck when it's on the bone, but this was cooked well.  Service was good.  My iced tea refilled often without asking.  We did have to ask a server to bring us some clean plates so we could get rid of some of the duck bones.  The one drawback of Ping Pang Pong was the loudness of the place for the first 1/3 of the hour and a half we were there.  It was so noisy from people talking loudly and the kitchen staff, filling orders for take out and yelling the orders to each other.I do like the place and I will be back if only for the Singapore noodles.  That was my highlight of the meal!PS:  I love the name.  I can't help think of Puccini and Turandot!  Addio amore, addio razza....
4	I freaking love this place! This restaurant is located inside the Gold Coast Casino.. My auntie and I would always come here for lunch time. They have a descent lunch menu. All entrees for around 6-7$ and it includes the soup and rice and the entree itself. We usually order: the black bean chicken. Which is to die for. Really good seasoning and sauceChinese broccoli, really crunchy and steamed to perfecftionsalt and pepper pork chops, so damn good!PIang Pang Pong also offers Dim Sum we tried a couple entrees it was ok they had some stuff that werent on your typical dim sum menu i guess they added a few things since there are so many Chinese customers they had to be competitive.I would highly recommend coming during lunch time the menu is cheap and you get your money's worth and it is pretty good overall.Just expect it to be crowded and packed with a bunch of Asians.If you are expecting to have a business meeting i would not recommend it this place is LOUD and I literally was screaming at my aunt in all our conversations.
1	Tourist trap. Food is bland. Customer service is awful. Selection is poor. Prices are EXTREMELY HIGH for dim sum.
4	I got to eat free dim sum two times while staying at the Gold Coast so I figured I would write a review of this place.  The food here is good.  I especially liked the shrimp balls on the bamboo sticks.  Choy sum with garlic was also good but the plate of choy sum was huge and I couldn't eat all of it. ( Good problem)  I thought it was funny they charge 50 cents for hot tea but I wasn't paying so i didn't care.  I had a soup with beef and mushrooms I think it was ok but the mushrooms tasted weird.  Egg rolls and charsui ba was good.  Service was soso, normal Chinese restaurant where they are pushy and can't understand how much your bill is until the end of the meal.  Overall good and I would go again if I have a comp again at the gold coast.
2	I have been harboring some nasty suspicions for some time, and last night, I think my worst fears were confirmed. I am just a regular, non-ethnic white girl. I cannot eat the food that they actually eat in Japan and China. When I am served chicken at a restaurant that is cold (on purpose), yellow, still has the skin on, and has chopped up bones in it, I don't even want to take a bite.Fried pieces of pork that still have the fat on them do not appeal to me. A soup that is served with a huge bone in it with tiny scraps of meat and fat clinging to it does not look appetizing. In the spirit of adventure, I ate a few bites of everything, and it wasn't disgusting or anything, just meh.In fairness, Ping Pang Pong also has some of the traditional American-y dishes you can get at your local Chinese takeout, but we were looking to branch out and try some new things. I'm not upset with the restaurant - I'm sure this is excellent preparation of Princess Chicken or Salt & Pepper Porkchops - they just aren't for me.We also tried the singapore noodles, which were kinda like your standard Lo Mein, and some fried rice, which I thought was really good. Our final order was the wrinkled green beans, and they were also good. Overall, we mostly stuck to the noodles and the rice. Our 6 dishes and 2 drinks ran about $80, so it's higher than your average takeout place, but still reasonable. We had enough food to easily feed 4 people.The atmosphere inside is nice - kind of like any casino restaurant between casual and fine dining. The drawback there is that it's open to the extremely smoky Gold Coast casino floor.
4	Ping Pang Pong was way more authentic than I had expected for an off-the-strip casino restaurant. The Boyd casino group (Orleans, Gold Coast, California, etc) tends to have pretty weak restaurants on its properties. This was the exception. The menu was very broad and reminded me a lot more of Chinatown than Panda Express. If I find myself on the Boyd shuttle route again, I will definitely consider PPP.
5	WOW. Amazing asian food! We are all vegetarians, (dairy and egg are OK) and looked at the menu, almost left. We asked the very nice waitress and she said they can make anything vegetarian.. We ordered hot and sour soup (EXCELLENT), Veggie fried rice and Veggie lomein noodles and veggie egg rolls... everything tasted perfect and was served on time, hot. Great waitress service also.
5	Do not let the location fool you! Ping Pang Pong is a hidden gem. The dim sum was some of the best I have had outside of HK. The service was friendly and everything was very fresh and expertly cooked. Be sure to try the lor bak go and the beef cheung fun. Outstanding!
4	I've eaten here a few times. First time I went it was horrible. We ended up walking out. But I gave it another try. The food is really good and the prices are very reasonable. Dim sum here is as good as it gets in Vegas. One of the few Chinese restaurants I'll go to in Vegas.
4	Brought the parents here at opening time, and it was good that we made it almost on time, as a line quickly formed outside.Very decent dim sum service, with the carts and everything.  Quality of the food was good, though the selection could have been a little better.  We are always on the lookout for slightly non-standard dim sum, and though there were rumors of some interesting things, what we saw was the basics.  Price to quality ratio was really good compared to anywhere on the strip.It's not quite high end.  Service and food are on par with places in other cities with a big Chinese population.  I have no problem with the idea that this is the best dim sum in Las Vegas.
4	Orchid Garden is a thing of the past. Ping Pang Pong's dim sum is far superior!I would much prefer coming here because of the nicer ambiance and better quality food. Seems like Orchid is going downhill for my taste. They serve everything here for what is seemingly cheaper and better tasting. Word to the wise though, as with all dim sum places, come well before 1:30pm or else they'll be fresh out of everything. They refused to make any more dim sum items after that point.
4	Dim Sum restaurant hidden @ Gold Coast.  If you are craving good dim sum Pin Pang Pong is the place to go.  They have a mediorcre selection of dim sum, probably more on the weekends.  The wait isn't too bad, but if they can have a greater selection of dim sum it would be better.
5	I wondered about a casino Dimsum, but look no further.  Gold Coast is an older hotel, but clean and plenty of parking. I hate the name but this place is one of the top DimSum in Vegas.  Inexpensive and quick service.
5	SOOOO DELISH! I know, I am white so I am obviously not a Dim Sum afficianado however, my aunt (who is Chinese) is and this is where she takes us for dim sum in Vegas. Thank goodness because sometimes it is hard to understand the servers and vice versa. It has to be good if Chinese people eat there in my humble opinion! And there is almost always a line. The food is AMAZING, very fresh and plenty of it, in fact, you will probably overeat. My favorite are the Cha Siu Baos (there are 2 similar versions, one in a sweet white bun and the other in a darker, flakier, triangle shaped bun with sesame seeds) Both are outta this world! Highly reccomend!
4	Currently this is my favourite Dim Sum in the US. The prices are dirt cheap in comparison to LA/SF/NYC, and the quality is top notch. The servers with the carts are quite pushy, and you'll need to learn to say no and keep looking for what you want, but it's worth it. Also, there can be some serious language barriers at times, but if it looks good it probably is good and eventually you'll learn what everything is. I never miss this place when in Vegas and I suggest you don't either. Even if you don't have a car with you, it's worth the cab ride.
2	Went there on a Monday morning for Dim Sum because of the reviews I heard on the web.  Was a little disappointed cause I felt that I've been to better Dim Sum places in Los Angeles.  There was nothing special about the dim sum selection, quality and price.  Maybe going there on a weekday is a miss and weekend is better.  But I've eaten and experienced dim sum better.
5	I have never visited here but does everyone know that this restaurant is considered one of the best in the nation!!!!!
2	Finally tried this place because my friends rave about it...and the results are Mehhhhhhhhhhhh... too greasy..I know dim sum can be greasy on its own but wow this stuff was really greasy.. we ordered the typical dishes - shumai, hargow, chicken feet, spareribs, shrimp, rice noodles, and many more but nothing really stood out as outstanding or spectacular.  rather than wait long for this place and prob spend more money - just drive down the street to Chinatown... it'll probably be better..but hey I can say I tried this place now...
3	It's very decent.  I wanted to check out dim sum in Las Vegas.  We came on a Saturday morning, and at the stroke of 10, when they open, a number of tables were already filled.  They have the standard dishes, including two types of jook.  We left probably an hour or so later, and the same carts had rotated around several times.  There were a couple of dishes brought around on trays.  The variety isn't very large, but I liked it better than Five Star Seafood (fka New Capital) in Monterey Park.It's a good dim sum fix when in Vegas.
5	Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!
2	After much ado about the best Chinese restaurant in town, we ventured over to Ping Pang Pong for dinner last night. The food was okay, but the service was absolutely terrible. It took the waiter 20 minutes to take our drink order and the food came out dish by dish (only 4 dishes including fried rice) in a one hour time span.  Then it took another 20 minutes to order an additional drink.  Our dinner ended up lasting over 2 hours because the service was incredibly slow. I will not be returning.
3	The food was really nothing special. The staff were very nice. The place was super noisy. Really to Lou to talk without yelling.
5	Since my previous review, I've had several great experiences at PPP. The food is very good and cheap. One of the best off-the-strip restaurants in Vegas.
4	Great dim sum place inside the gold coast casino. If you are brave enough to take in second hand smoke then go for this Chinese restaurant. Service is fast. Once you are seated the dim sum carts would come to you like flies. They are great tasting esp the congee and shrimp dumplings.Cheap  and affordable.
4	This place has grown into one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Vegas, for a couple dishes, entrees, and appetizers its a good $100 plate, the prices are reasonable and the food is mouth-watering. I enjoy the shrimp chow mein & the chicken fried rice has the perfect amount of salt & seasoning. The sauces with the Kung pao & honey walnut shrimp are out of this world! On weekends the kitchen closes at 3.
4	I am giving this place a bit more credit, being in Vegas and all (which is usually a downer for me because I'm from the NYC area, food capital of the world!).  DIM SUM: Let me just say, the dim sum here surpasses any in the area.  I've been to KJ in the Rio, Chang's, and Cathay House.  Ping Pang Pong has the best variety, quickest service, and the food is actually served HOT, which is important to me.  Some of the other dim sum places will throw plates of cold food at you, which is unacceptable!  I am a huge fan of dim sum so we will be frequenting this place for just that.  DINNER: MUST TRY THE LOBSTER OVER NOODLES. Honestly, I don't know if I ever need to order anything else here. Their lobster is fan-TAS-tic. Best way to eat here is order "family-style"... just order a good variety of fish (the sea bass is great), vegetables, and meat.... and SHARE!Overall, I enjoyed all of their food and their "standard Chinese service", meaning the service isn't usually top-notch at an Asian joint.  The pricing is higher than most places in Chinatown because it is located inside a casino (even though the casino is just Gold Coast). Hey, if they can get away with it, more power to them.
4	Apparently this place has been rated Vegas' #1 Chinese restaurant a number of times and I know why! Despite being tucked away in the Gold Coast casino this place was packed with Chinese & English speakers alike. My boyfriend and I got the pot stickers which were incredible. The filling was way more flavorful and, well, filling, than other pot stickers I've had. Every bite had a nice amount of it.We then shared the Night Market Fried Rice. Holy macaroni! A substantial plate of rice with a good amount of beef in it for $10?! The ingredients were fresh, providing a taste that was less heavy-laden than most fried rice. The beef was fresh as well - beef can sometime make my stomach go topsy-turvy, but it didn't this time - indicating quality beef cooked properly. I wish this place was in my hometown. I'd like to visit them regularly.
2	Not great.  Not terrible.  We all presumed that a Chinese restaurant catering to what appeared on this night to be 95% Asian community would have hit all the right notes.San Pan Tiger Prawns were very good.  Head, legs, and tail on.  Spiced just right.  Fried enough that legs crunched to powder and head held together and juicy.Ma Po Tofu with Pork was edible.  Not good.  There were flavors missing.  The heat was right with Szechuan pepper.  Its just that no other flavors seemed present.  Lots of tofu not enough pork. Bland.Noodles were completely tasteless.Mo Shoo Pork was excellent.  No question.  It came as an appetizer.  Two large pre-filled rices pancakes.  At first bite i realized it needed Hoisin sauce. The next bite made me realize I needn't ask for it as it was already in there.  Wood ear mushrooms even.  Plenty of pork and veggies.The price for all this was under $60.  Myself and two Partners-in-Dine would have been happier if the food tasted as good as those few dishes did.When we were ready to pay our check there were no servers on the floor. We realized an entire table of six or seven eating dinner one table over from ours were the entirety of floor STAFF having dinner together.We had to get up and pay at the register waiting in line behind several other diners waiting to pay their bills.  I think under normal circumstances we would have paid our server.  What happened tonight I am not sure.I don't believe any of us were so in love or even like with our food that we would go out of our way to return.
3	The food was a bit Americanize to my liking, i had better authentic Chinese food at KJ's kitchen
4	not bad at all as the dim sum was great and awesome.  We had a great time eating it which is great.  We enjoyed it a lot.  unfortunately they kept on forgetting our table which was bad that was the only bad part.  the food was not bad at all would actually come here again
4	My family tried this place since my sister was raving about ping pang pong that it is one of the best Dimsum in Vegas. As per the quality of the food its great. I think this is the only Dimsum place in Las Vegas that has an open kitchen. Definitely will come back to try other delicacies so we can make comparisons with other dimsum places that we like in this  town.
4	Pretty decent dim sum and the Chinese broccoli is just what the doctor ordered after the strip's deep fried, broiled meat culture! The casino itself is a little ragged, but the samplings were varied and the next cart was never too far away! Now, if we could have just chopsticked the kid's lurking from the casino side all would have been well with the world and our dim sum!
4	PINGing with excitement, we were thrilled to try out some dim sum while in Vegas. We ate here with some friends that had lived in Vegas and said this was one of the best places for dim sum. We arrived here around noon, and there was a bit of a wait, since there is limited space in the restaurant, especially for large parties of more than 4. Ignoring our PANGs of hunger, we waited patiently. It probably took us about 20-30 minutes to get seated. While the selection is more limited than other dim sum restaurants, they have some items with a unique twist (Such as shu mai with fish roe topping), as well as your standard dim sum items like sticky rice in lotus leaf, fried taro cake, chicken feet, spare ribs, congee, and bao. The items were hot, and fresh tasting. The carts went by at a decent rate, but we were warned that you should get any items you wanted while the cart was there, since you might not see that cart again. Prices were a bit high compared to other restaurants I've eaten at (3-4 dollars per item average), but that was to be expected for dim sum in a Vegas casino.Service was a bit spotty, but to be expected since the restaurant was filled to capacity with hungry diners. Waiters were buzzing back and forth, like a ball in a PONG game, filling water, getting more tea, and getting people's checks.So if you're hungry for dim sum, this restaurant is a good choice. If you are with a larger party though, it helps to come here before noon when it's less crowded.
5	Say what? 3.5 stars at 279 reviews? I think not! This place deserves a 10 if it was possible! The vibe is as follows: downtown, somewhere in the middle of a Chinatown - not in Vegas but more of some big port city (like NYC or SF) - duck-in-amidst bustling streets filled with shrimp merchants and trinket salespeople. Yeah- but it IS in Vegas! It's amazing how one can be transported someplace completely different just by a meal. That, of course, occurs when the meal is done right. We enjoyed the dim sum, and thank goodness we started going back to the gym. I say this because we had a bit more of a guilt-free attitude as we looked over a packed table filled with our favorite dim sum dishes-all cooked to perfection with rustic Chinese authenticity in mind. We started with tofu and shrimp balls, covered in hot peppers. Now, I hate tofu. My wife is very good at encouraging me to try new things, so with a little hesitation, I took a bite. Awesome! I had more, and my wife and I faced off for the last one. She won, however I had some shrimp balls hanging around waiting to be devoured, so all was not lost. We had the skinny noodle chow mein (huge portion....finished it). Amazing! For one thing, it was brought to our table steaming hot. The flavors consisted of aromatic young onion, assorted Chinese vegetables, covered in tasty fried bean sprouts. I could write paragraph on top of paragraph in order to describe the amazing tastes of each item we had, but don't have all day. I HAVE to mention those sesame balls! DAYUMMM! Not only were they the best ever, but my wife and I went into some sort of weird blissful state as we polished off both plates and washed them down with the yummy Chinese tea. We had to sit there and take it all in before composing ourselves and finally getting the courage to face rows of slots as we made our way back to the car. I also must mention the service. The staff was outstanding and kept our water and tea filled. They took the time to explain each dish in detail. Oh, and the prices! Cheap! We were probably about $20 in when we were full, but continued into the $45 range for both of us because the food was that good. Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese I ever had - period, and I really hope people will take notice and place it into 5-star land where it belongs. Thanks Ping Pang Pong!!!!
4	I've never been to Dim Sum in Vegas, but we tried this place based on online reviews.  It's hidden in the back area of the Gold Coast casino and when we walked up to it, there was a line of about 20 people in line which was a good sign.  We were a large party (12 people) and it took about 30 minutes to get seated.  There were lots of chinese people here which again was a good sign.  Once we sat down, it was on.The quality of the dim sum was pretty high.  The dim sum dishes were all fresh.  I would consider them to be in the upper echelon if we moved this place to the Bay Area.  Would I go back?  Probably.  Prices were reasonable, food was good and it was authentic.
4	We came here about 3 weeks ago and had Dim Sum.  My family recommended this place to have lunch.  Being chinese and a frequent explorer, I have had my fair share of dim sum.  This place was actually pretty decent.  I enjoyed some of the items here. Some more than others.  I wasn't expecting much since we were in Vegas, but this place did a great job.  Service was great as well.  I must say they make an awesome gai mei bao. The only thing is this place was pretty pricy.  In Los Angeles, you can get some great dim sum for $1 an item!
5	Went there for a company dinner and was able to sample an array of food. Everything I tasted was excellent!
4	Overall, this is a decent dim sum.  From a lot of the rave reviews, I expected it to be great, but overall, it was good...a few better spots I've personally tried in town.We ordered a little bit of everything here, and mostly everything was good and fresh. I always like the pork buns best...and the shrimp balls were all great!  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ#efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXw#5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXwA few items, like the salt and pepper shrimp, felt like they were sitting for a little while, and not as hot as they should be.  Noodles felt a little undercooked or old. But overall, it is a good dim sum here...just not the best I've ran into.  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ#2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rw#w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rwDessert was great...tofu pudding!  One of my favs!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMw#Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMwI took many more photos...just click the picture link on the top of the review if you would like to check them out.They are located inside Gold Coast Casino! Check it out for late afternoon dim sum!
1	I can't believe all the other reviews raving about this place.  I got sucked in by the reviews!!  It was the WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten and the service was not too flash either.  They appeared out of nowhere with our plates of food and just shoved them down on the table without saying anything.  One server almost hit my husband in the side of the face with a plate of food.  A spring roll dropped on the table and the server just picked it up with her fingers, put it back on the plate and walked off.  We had waited almost half an hour for those spring rolls!! I'm never trusting reviews again and I'm NEVER going back to this restaurant again.  Just awful!
4	Maybe more like 4.25.It did win some kind of top 10 award for Chinese Restaurants in T + L magazine but other than dim sum, I haven't been to PPP for their regular menu for quite some time.   About 4 or 5 years ago, my sister swore by this place for decent Chinese food. Now it has a lot of competition. So basically, I'm just reviewing their dim sum service.I had to explain to my husband the difference between AUTHENTIC Chinese food and Chinese food. I've learned that some (not all) that call Panda Express and PF Changs Chinese food may not like AUTHENTIC Chinese food. They are not one and the same.There is a definite difference in quality compared to other favorite dim sum joints I've been too. PPP is hot & fresh and definitely tasty. I must emphasize HOT because that's the biggest blow for dim sum lovers - cold food! I wouldn't recommend it for 1st time dim summers though unless you speak fluent Chinese. I'm half Asian and can decipher a lot of broken English, but I've had a very difficult time figuring out what the cart ladies say is on their cart. My husband and I are not as adventurous, so we are the types that want to know what we are eating before we eat it....But once you can identify a food by looking at it, PPP is definitely on the higher end of the spectrum for taste and quality. Their shrimp dumplings for example - are probably the best I've had and when you think about a simple dumpling is made - you have to admire that somewhere in the process, PPP does something spectacular.The shrimp balls, shumai, pork buns, sticky pork buns - all have a little extra something that sets them above the rest.The restaurant itself is quaint. You can see the kitchen from your table, and the a lot of what, in most places, is normally behind closed doors. Goldcoast is not the most glamorous of casinos... and the restaurant itself is still a good ways from the parking garage. But if you don't mind walking through the casino and the smoke that comes with it, the location may work for you. Plus, if you are a dim sum for breakfast person like me, they do open a bit earlier than a lot places around town 10:00am.So if you enjoy dim sum, PPP is definitely a must-have on you're list. You just have to, even if it's once.
2	I have been coming here on and off for a few months. The service at this place gets worse every time we come.  We had to wait over 5 minutes to be seated several servers and the manager just walked by without saying anything.  I then asked the manager should we seat ourselves she said no and then a couple mins later someone came to seat us.  Once seated the busboy brought our beverages quickly but then had to wait for the server to come over took 10 minutes. The appetizer we ordered came out quick, but the rest of our food took over 25 minutes to come out.. server had to many tables in her section.  yes this is a high volume restaurant but staff for it. stop cutting corners to make more money. more staff = better service The food is awesome just bad service.
2	Another disappointing meal in Vegas :(.We ordered a variety of dishes: har cherng, sui mai, har gow, cha siu bao, etc.Yuck. Not good at all.. (I forgot to take pictures because we were so hungry that we just dug into the food right away.) It didn't taste fresh, and the dumpling skin wasn't very soft. The sui mai looked OLD. I eat dim sum quite frequently and this was nowhere near the standards for dim sum in LA! The best thing was probably the boiled Chinese broccoli dish (which tastes the same everywhere) and cha siu bao (but I've still had better). Gr.. Eating such horrible dim sum just made me crave better Chinese food in LA. Service: It was difficult to find a server to refill our drinks and give us our check. However, the workers are friendly and Note: It's located inside Gold Coast Casino. Some advice? Come early! This place isn't too big and there was a line when we arrived around 12:30pm until we left the restaurant a little before 2.
4	I went here because i was craving dim sum and this one is still reachable with public transportation . The price is a little bit high for typical dim sum place but understandable since they are inside a hotel/casino. The only thing i didn't like it was the location was way back inside the casino and it was a bit hard to find.I would give the food 4.5 because we really enjoyed the dim sum and the Gobo beef is very very good. It's one of the best beef dishes i've ever had. Luckily, we went in after rush hour so no waiting time and the foods came out pretty quickly. I would definitely try this place again when i visit Vegas.
4	You know when most everyone in the restaurant is speaking Chinese, something authentic is happening! Came for Dim Sum and felt like I was in Beijing again. Located in the Gold Coast, the restaurant is open-aired... with no windows and a view of the casino. We waited for about 10 minutes to be seated and then the fun began! Loaded carts of Dim Sum treats continually circle the restaurant awaiting your waive to procure more. The dumplings were outstanding with a selection of several meats and styles from rice flour to a flaky pastry crust. The cucumber salad was very good and spiced well. Our favorite was the delicate noodle dumpling filled with spiced pork. Best to brush up on your dim sum knowledge as many of the servers do not speak alot of English... just enough to let you know the main ingredient! And... each selection is about $2.50 to $5, leaving us with a very reasonable check!
5	Love coming here with my family, they discovered this Chinese spot!!! This is prob one of the best Chinese places in Vegas. It's always busy! Though the service should be a lot better but I guess that's typical at any Chinese/Asian restaurant you go to. You can never go wrong with your order everything is made to please.
2	no where near any dim sum place i ever ate at. This place had very little selections and everything seem a bit to salty for me but compare to other vegas food i guess its the same (which mean it was a huge disappointment).
4	Vacation bias alert!So I was in Vegas with some friends, and we were craving Dim Sum.  We hopped in a taxi to the Gold Coast. (Not the Golden Nugget - thank you to my fellow Yelpers for the correction!)Quality seemed good to me.  Maybe I was being biased because I was on vacation?  But I've eaten enough Dim Sum over the years to be happy with this place.
1	The food was terrible, not just bad but terrible. Ordered hot and sour soup, which was so bland it tasted like nothing, despite looking amazing. The BBQ pork buns were edible, but not dim sum as advertised but rather a dry baked pastry type dough. My husband ordered some spicy noodle soup that was also flavorless and not event a hint of spice. I'm really surprised the place was busy and the other reviews were good, I would never recommend this place. I left the place grumpy, hunger and out of pocket $25.
4	To some, the service would be considered rude or apathetic, or people can simply look at it as a cultural difference. However, in a city where the life line of the place is based on serving others, this place might reconsider the way they serve people because it comes off as aloofness and can discourage potential customers to come back. The food, specially, dim sum, is really good. That is  what this place is known for. At $3.00 dollars an order, it is really affordable. There are also very good appetizers like sesame seed covered roll.  The rest of the venue is quite expansive, I will come back, making sure that I come back with the notion that the food is good enough that I am willing to ignore the service.
2	So highly rated yet really disappointing.Named one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in America by Travel + Leisure magazine and  "Best Asian Restaurant in Las Vegas" six times by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal? Really? They sure did not sparkle on 8/13/13. My date said "They must be resting on their laurels".The food was just ok. Nothing special there. The floor was sticky. Gnats buzzed around our table all visit. Uniformed employees ate at the table next to us.The thing that stuck in my mind is the terrible service. The (Spanish?) server who took our drink order did not know the name of the only chardonnay on the menu. Our meal server never returned to ask us if everything was ok. In fact she disappeared for good after our order was placed. Eventually we had to flag down some one who was serving other tables in our section to help us. It is not like they were over busy at 8pm on a Tuesday night.I even passed on dessert, completely un-heard of for me, due to the lack of attention we received.
4	Want good food BUT bad service? Yes?! Well this is the place for you then lol. I have been coming here for years and I have to say I am pretty crazy for doing so. When visiting you have to expect to be ignored. I mean once you order and get your food all is good. If you'd like to order more or get a refill expect to wait. Why do I keep coming back?! Well I am completely in love with their Hong Kong style crispy noodles. & just as of yesterday I have fallen for their dim sum! I mean I ordered about 6-7 dishes during dim sum and it was only 10 bucks! If that was harbor palace at Chinatown that would have been a quick $20-30. Like I said though DO NOT have high expectations on service when coming in!!!
1	Wrapping up dinner now. Basically a repeat of others. Food is solid, not exceptional. However service is pretty abysmal. The only people that are hustling are the bus boys. The servers are aloof and disinterested. I think they've grown way past complacent. The place is dirty - the side plate had old rice stuck to it still. Server could have cared less when we pointed it out to him.I won't be coming back here.
5	Wow wow wow was sNot sure about going in to one of Vegas casinos for dim sum but we tried it we had eaten many time at harbor place for dim sum but there's no comparison Ping Pang Pong by far the best ever thing we got was steaming hot fresh absolutely the best yum I can't wait till next month to go there again I hope that the chef will keep up the good fWork and the wait staff was very good place is clean also this place had all Asian people eating there if you into real Authentic and I mean real Authentic Chinese cuisine Not American Chinese cuisine this is the place and don't believe the ons that write a bad review you be the judge try it
5	Get the pork chop!  We went there about a month ago and saw a fried pork chop on the menu (no offense V's but I'm all carnivore!) and could't wait to try.  I asked how many do I get and the lady looked a bit puzzled and soon I understood why.  The chops were cut up into heaping strips and season unlike any I've ever had.  I took the rest home and ate them for breakfast, lunch and dinner.   I've been dreaming about them ever since.  This will be our go to place for Asian cuisine when friends come and visit.  Yeah, the service wasn't that friendly but who cares.  They weren't rude, just doing their job cooking and serving excellent food.
4	Excellent food overall. Not nearly as good as Chinese places in LA. But more than enough to beat the smattering of places in Vegas Chinatown. We came here twice in our weeklong Vegas trip and nearly skipped Chinatown altogether. Dimsum is v good, but dinner dishes are ok, not great.
5	Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.
4	I had dim sum very much every where. By far this place was the best.  Although don't expect the best service.  It seems like most Chinese restaurant service is not that great.  I would visit again but I will only tip them based on service!
3	This is where I go for dim sum when I'm in vegas.   I would give them four stars if they had more variety.
5	Can't believe I only discovered this place on my most recent visit in July.  Dim sum was great and the orange beef was off the hook.
4	OK, I'm going to give up one of my favorite haunts in Vegas.  I was hesitant to tell people about this place.  LOVE their dim sum, it's all I've ever had there so I can not comment on their Chinese Food.  I can tell you though that 98% of their customers are Asian and so that is a huge indicator of the level of authenticity.  In the past we had trouble communicating with the staff because they usually speak in their own language, this last time though it seems they have hired more English speaking staff and it was considerably easier to order.Everyone is smiley and happy, the worst part is getting seated.  There is ALWAYS  a wait, I don't care what time or day you go, but once you get seated being it's dim sum there is no wait for food and it just keeps rolling past you for your pleasure.  I love everything we have ever had there and they are reasonable with their cost.The worst part of this place is that it is located in the Gold Coast and you have to wade through the heavily smoked environment to get to the restaurant, but even going through that is worth it for this place.
2	Yes, they have unique dim sum that you don't find in a usual dim sum restaurant, but the quality of the food is not the greatest.  Here, what you pay is what you get. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so we were lucky to get the big round table. Tea is good (we got chrysanthemum ). The staff was nice and they weren't mean like typical Hong Kong staff. However, the Chinese restaurant in Rio has way better dim sum, and the quality is a lot better. Here's a summary of what we ordered & what I can recall : Chicken wrapped in Lotus Leaf - Only get 1, and it didn't taste fresh/moist. Rice was a little hard.Sausage Bun - Bun wasn't soft and sausage was not the greatest. Chicken Feet - Probably the best thing we ordered - Came with 5 Ha Gow (wrapped shrimp) - Small - We ordered 2, and 1 came with 4 pcs, and another came with 2 pcs. Inconsistent.Turnip Cake - OK. Same as everywhere else - A little dry.Beef rice rolls - OK. Same as everywhere elseBaked Pork Buns - OK.
5	First off this is authentic Chinese food and not your basic Panda Express. As there was just the two of us dining the dim sum wasn't something we wanted. $9 for steamed broccoli...We chose to order off the menu and my wife ordered the steamed fish at mkt price. It was a flounder that flopped over an 18" platter. She was well pleased with it ($25) and I ordered the lamb tenderloin with scallions. Fantastic. Busy place with some spotty service but worth a visit if you like authentic Chinese.
4	My wife and I stayed at Gold Coast and after a strong Vegas first night, found ourselves looking for breakfast/lunch around noon. After some deliberation, we decided to check this place out. A number of Chinese employees and clientele encouraged us, so we got a table and waited for the carts. Surprisingly, for dim sum in a Vegas casino, pretty good! We have done NBC in Monterey Park and hold that as the standard. If NBC is a 10, this is an 8.5. Char Siu Bao were tasty but small, the dumplings were very good, as were the shu mai. If you need a dim sum fix near the strip, check it out. Oh and the price is very fair, $23 for two of us and we were stuffed.
5	So 3am comes along, you're hungry, tired, and thirsty after a long day of Vegas adventuring....and you see Ping Pang Pong!!  It was sooooo delicious!  Our waitress was very nice, she even explained items on the menu patiently so our inebriated brains could understand.  Their was a man who always came by to make sure our empty plates were taken and water was filled.  The price was reasonable...$25 (including tax and 22% tip) for a beer, spring rolls, and Kung Pao chicken with rice.  HIT THE SPOT!  Big portions.  We were going to do the Applebees 2 for $22 on the other side of the floor, but so happy we found here instead.  So much flavor.  Keep up the good work Ping Pang Pong!
4	This is the best dim sum in Las Vegas. 1. Open kitchen. I like to watch people cook and check if they are sanitary. They're doing it right back there. Clean for a Chinese restaurant. 2. The cart ladies can speak English. They don't just dump the dishes in my table when I point and ask, "what is it?"3. Food is fresh. They don't give me old food that's been around and rejected by other people. If I want the new batch, they'll give me just that. 4. Rice is not free. Blahhh. I love rice. They come in a little portion bowl thingy. Their prices are typical for dim sum though. 5. Food is not as great as LA dim sum, but it still has all of the items I want from a dim sum. I recommend you try.
5	Great dim sum, shady service. what do you really expect, come on.
4	We were there for lunch on 10-31-13 and tried some dim sum and some dishes off the menu. Dim sum - don't remember everything but the shrimp balls and the shrimp donut with noodle were great as was the pot stickers and coconut buns.Menu - salt and pepper pork chops, salt and pepper shrimp, beef rice noodles and Kung pow chicken were are excellent. Our favorite were the pork chops.This was our first attempt at ordering dim sum so we were a bit lost however they tried their best to explain.
3	1st off the decor of the restaurant was nice and the staff was friendly. The restaurant itself was smaller than I thought it would be and had 2 main dining areas. It was pretty busy when we went but didn't seem overcrowded like in most Dim Sum restaurants.The food at PPP is decent. We had the dim sum staples like Har Gow, Shaomai, Beef Balls and fried shrimp balls. Nothing really stood out from the dishes we had. In addition there didn't seem to be too much variety in the dishes. We had asked the servers if the Chinese Broccoli and Sesame Balls were coming out and they said soon. 3 passes later with the carts and those 2 dishes were MIA. And this is at 12 during the middle of lunch? I didn't get it. One other thing that was a turn off is the fact that it is located in the casino and is open where you are exposed to the smoke lingering from the casino.I have to say that I was a little disappointed after eating here. I had heard such good reviews on it but in the end I would have rather have eaten at Orchids Garden. It was a nice change but I would have to say that I will not be back.
3	Besides the name being cute and funny there wasn't much else. There was like only one waitress that was working the table and the carts coming aroubd were pretty slow. Dim sum variety were pretty typical and looked liked it was frozen, defrosted and put in the steamer for display. The tastes of the dishes were mediocre. The unexpected delicious treat was the coconut bread which was sweet and filled with coconut gooeyness. Other than that, I have had better dim sum in la that were bigger in size and fresher in taste.
5	We loved this place! Dim sum dishes are fresh & original yet truly authentic. Ranks up there with the best dim dum houses we've been to in San Francisco, Seattle and NYC. Price for 4 big eaters was $78 including tip. Awesome!
1	Such a wasted  time !!! Me and my bf we drove here late at night like 11pm - midnight i was so excited to try dim sum and it's nothing like just a couple dishes on the menu then they serve with no sauce anything on the side I mean shumai should dip with soy sauce chili sauce thing like that ? And they just give me hot sauce when I ask ,they forget to bring a glass of water to my bf  the service so bad the server not pay attention to you and he just told us order something that fast I mean I'm a server too and I understand that server should tell customer if some dishes will take time to cook but not like DON'T ORDER THIS with the face that it too long to wait and tell us to pick something else I mean if it that long and you don't want to make it why put it on the menu !!!!!    ???Btw my friend told me dim sum here you have to go on lunch time theres a variety of dim sum and it's pretty good she agreed that service was suck anyway
5	This is the place to go for authentic chinese food in Vegas. I dine here every time I visit Vegas, because the price is good and quality is good. Open late night, perfect for a night after clubbing. MAKE SURE you order the lamb stew pot, comes with vegetable to add on after tasting the savory soup. The thing I like the most is the open kitchen configuration, you can hear the sound of wok, the breath of dragon chinese called. "rawrrrrr" that my friend  is fire stream out at a high temperature would sound. Like a big torch would sound. Mix with the ping ping sound of wok, the food come alive. Just something excites me. Authentic Cantonese cuisine demand good "wok haye" and able to hear it, it is just awesome. Don't order the clam, menu said "Big", but it is really small clams. not worth 20 bucks. The rest can't go wrong.
3	Crab claw was not  like this picture today... it was not claw sticking out, but something fake one...
3	not the best Dim Sum i ever had, if you have enough points at Gold Coast it might be worth it.
4	I feel like dim sum is easy to do well. I have only had it a handful of times, and all of them seemed to have been equally as tasty and enjoyable. But I do not think that means it should be marked down. PPP has a pleasant enough atmosphere (especially for being tucked away in the Gold Coast), the service is spot on (by nature this almost has to be true with dim sum), and the food is tasty. Plus, there is just a fun element to the way dim sum is presented. There are no big surprises here, just dim sum done right.
3	I must admit, I had high expectations of this restaurant, as I had read it had one some awards. It wasn't bad, but it was nothing I would ever go out of my way for again. The hot and sour soup was extremely bland.  My Thai iced tea was ok, but just average.My entree of Dragon Well Shrimp, was very good, and the overall service was very attentive.  By comparison, Joyful House, which is nearby, is far superior to Ping Pang Pong.  I'd give it 3.25 stars, if there was such a rating.
4	Best kept secret in Las Vegas! I'm a total fan. Left completely satisfied.At first, I didn't want to patronize this place because of the silly name! It's almost offensive! I mean, Ping Pang Pong? Come on, are you freakin serious? But after reading other yelp reviews,  I had to give it a try and sure enough, my fellow yelpers did not lead me astray. Thx! I'll definitely be back and this will be on my to do list in Vegas!The food was surprisingly good. Don't expect the best service because it's not the freakin Wynn Hotel, it's inside Gold Coast, off da strip.
4	Me & some buds tried the dim sum buffet for lunch on the advice of a cabbie. Glad we did. You know you are getting quality, reasonably priced Asian food when you are surrounded by almost total Asian diners & wait staff. Service was steady; there were some minimal communication issues. Dim sum was better than most i've tried. Cheap too. I'm ready to go back.
4	My family always comes here for dinner, so unfortunately we haven't tried the dim sum. Here are my reviews for the entrees we order every time we go there:Seabass hotpot: this is a hit or miss. Sometimes the seabass is awesomely delicious and sometimes I wonder if it is the same dish I ordered the last time. Overall, it's our favorite thing to order on the menu.Shrimp fried rice: it's nearly impossible to mess up fried rice unless you tried really hard. In this case, you would dishona our famiry!!! The shrimp is big and not the small wimpy dried ones a lot of the other places give. Can't go wrong if you want a rice dish.Roasted duck: the skin is gooey, not crispy as I want it. There is very little meat on it. I was a bit disappointed in this one..Chow fun (dry): this dish is like Asian spaghetti. I like the fresh sprouts that they use and the noodles are always delicious.Tomato onion scallops: yuck! I love scallops and decided to order this for the first time. There was so much sweet and sour dressing on it, it was like drinking that thing. Ugh... I expected it to be fried scallops with fresh tomatoes and onions, but i guess I was wrong on this dish. Just thinking about this dish gives me horrible flashbacks and makes me want to gag. No beuno!!!!Service: usually really quick, but a few times we waited forever or they forgot our order.. The price is fairly cheap for the amount of food you get. I noticed that you get so much more food if you take it to go than eating there. :)
1	I LEFT THE RESTAURANT STILL HUNGRY AND VERY DISAPPOINTED!!First,. they sat us in the back corner.we waited about 15 min until the first cart finally arrived.(and the place wasnt even busy) apparently if you sit in the far corner of the restaurant, the carts dont come your way. they pushed the carts around to everyone around us but then they wouldnt complete their rounds to our table and just back their carts out and leave. when we went to tell the manager carts werent coming our way, they just rolled their eyes and said 'what you want"wtf? bad service,and food was so not worth it.. definetly will not be coming back!
3	Dim sum are good and lots of choices. But they sat us on the corner, some dim sum were gone before got to us, and told us even no more on the kitchen , and it was only 12:30 pm , food was gone , really?!
1	Had to wait half an hour before we got a table, the waitress didn't seem to be enjoying her work at all. The restaurant was so busy which made the service extremely bad. I can understand it is frustrating when it is so busy, but they really need better management. Also, no child chair, no more of food we wanted and the time of delivery of dishes were late.
5	I've been to a few dim sum places in Vegas but this one is by far the best. Been coming here every time I visit now and have not been disappointed. Hard to imagine authentic dim sum in a casino but I found it better than some places in china town.Price is reasonable and never had to wait more than two minutes to be seated. Good to take friends, dates (who like dim sum), coworkers and customers.Make sure to try the congee (rice porridge with pork)
4	A yumcha gem inside the Gold Coast casino! the place itself is quite small which equals a long wait but the food more than makes up for It. From the hagow to the shumai , everything was tasty and fresh, my only qualms is that the Lo-Mai-Kai only came with one! there's usually 2-3 :( Lo-Mai-Kai is the stuffed rice wrapped inside the leaf and my favorite thing to get! other than that it was great, price is a little on the expensive side since it is in a hotel 2.88 for (A) and 3.88 for (B)would come again
5	The best Chinese Food in Las Vegas, no other restaurant comes remotely close.  The chicken fried rice, beef broccoli with Chinese broccoli, chicken kung pao, orange chicken, and lemon chicken are all excellent. The lamb chops are an excellent appetizer, full of flavor and unlike any others I've ever had.
4	This is definitely a hidden gem hidden in a corner of the Gold Coast casino. But once we were there, man was the line long! This must mean that the food is good. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated which is why I give it 4 stars. The food was all really delicious! I love their chicken feet, they were surprisingly really huge and juicy. We ordered the classic hagow/shumai which was also fresh and delicious. I was waiting for their shrimp rolls, but unfortunately, it took awhile for that to come, and when I asked one of the lady's who was pushing the cart, she seemed very irritated and started yelling back at me, which caught me off guard. But other than that, the food is great, and the price is decent. I know where to go now to get my dim sum fix when I'm back in Vegas!
4	Very tasty food. Good soups. Fair prices
4	It's always a good sign when you go to a Chinese restaurant and the place is packed with Chinese people and the servers are Chinese and speaking the language.  And wouldn't you know it, Ping Pang Pong has some great dim sum!  So many options, and it's so tasty.  I can't review every single one we tried as there were so many. But they were all good!!  But go early, there is a long line at lunch time.  The line moves, but I wouldn't say it moves fast.   The dim sum place in Rio (KJ's) is a little more on the nicer side, but personally, having been to both I prefer Ping Pang Pong.
3	This review is coming from someone who was born and raised in HK. We have different standard on Chinese food than people from other culture. If you happened to be from an area outside of Canton/HK this review will not help you. This used to be my most favorite restaurant in Vegas for its high quality authentic cantonese cuisine...yet the most recent visit proved to a a disaster...this place had lost its authentic cantonese taste, the pan fried noodle was saturated with gravy, my pan fried shrimp was over filled with sweet and sour sauce (it was supposed to be dry), and the beef rib tasted just gross. Service is ok; but I would say that food had downgraded to American Chinese food style...I will not come back.
2	Overall a little underwhelming. After the Travel and Leisure review we were expecting more. To be fair, we did not get to try the dim sum which is what they are known for. The Scallop Hot Pot had very tender scallop meat and a generous amount of garlic, but was surprisingly bland, especially for the number of garlic cloves. It was almost as if it was watered down. The server talked us out of the Tea Smoked Duck and into the the Crisp Roasted Chicken with Scallions, which turned out to be simply a fairly standard dish, nothing to get excited about. It tasted predominantly of soy sauce and was fairly tender. The Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice was the better of the three dishes. It had a nice lingering flavor, and came in a very generous portion. Still not terribly exciting.On a more minor note, the Thai iced tea was wanting. It simply did not have the full flavor I have found at most other restaurants.
3	Truly authentic Chinese food. You can tell by the fact that 99% of the patrons were Chinese.  One big negative was that we ordered water and it tasted like nasty city water. A place getting sulch good reviews should have filtered water. Large portions. Ordered the pork belly stew. While tasty it was extremely fatty. The meat would have been better if cooked more.
5	I come here every time I'm in Vegas and its always a treat. I've never actually ordered off the menu and just stick to the dim sum. The wait is usually pretty long and it's hard to flag down a waiter (for those who want to order off the menu), but the steamed pork buns and the chow mein are amazing! Great food for a fair price. Can't wait to go back in April!
4	I'm not a fan of Chinese food because it can be a little bland sometimes, but the Chinese food here is pretty good and authentic. From the appetizers like dim sum and pot stickers to the entrees like noodles and stir fry, it is all satisfying!
1	Didn't like this place at all! Kept seeing the TV ad about this place in the station casinos and decide to give it a try! Spring rolls and shrimp and BBQ short ribs! Didn't enjoy none of it and it showed so much that the manager came over and ask if there was something else i would like to try! I refused and thanked her for offering. After a couple of bites i had staff pack up order. I ended up giving left overs to homeless people on the street! I wonder if they were happy?
3	How the hell are Asians supposed to convince everyone else how offensive the term "Ching Chang Chong" is when we go off and name one of our own restaurants "PING PANG PONG"? My Hong Kong-hailing real estate agent was visibly horrified when he found out in casual conversation that my parents and I had not yet been privy to the local dim sum experience at Ping Pang Pong (how is anyone supposed to take me seriously when I say this aloud?) in the Gold Coast casino. So while showing us detailed French doors, luxurious hardwood flooring, and expansive high ceilings, he kept peppering home features with "shao mai" and "cha shao bao." I was sold - on the food, not the house - so not long after that, it was off to Gold Coast we went. The casino is not the most convenient to navigate, but the restaurant sits pretty much smack dab in the middle of it, and that's where my biggest issue with it lay. The restaurant is open to the casino pits with hip-level pillars that whisper, "Smoky Smokerson! Enter, please." On the flip side, however, the dim sum is solid. Every dish we hailed off the cart was well-prepared and got a stamp of approval. The xia jiao, chicken feet, congee - all good in the hood. It's just that this hood carries a bit of an eau de FUMAR!
4	Worth the trip off the Strip for sure. Friendly staff. Lots of Asians dining is always a good sign. We really enjoyed eating dim sum here. And you get to experience the old school, Gold Coast Casino.
4	Verdict: Awesome food and finally, some decent service!**service is unheard of at most dim sum restaurants. The food is delicious here and definitely one of the best dim sum spots in town! Everything tastes as it should and nothing is overly salty or overpowering in anyway. Shrimp ball, beef ball with and without tofu, shrimp dumpling, shu-mai, tripe and pork ribs... everything was perfect. The amazing thing here is that, not only is there service, but the staff is friendly as well! The carts come around more often than not and if you ask for something in particular, they will either bring it out to you or let you know if and when that cart is going to be making it's way back around to you. Try doing that at any other dim sum place here in Vegas! Not going to happen.
4	Whoa, second day in a row that I picked a place with a huge crowd and a wait.I think I could've legitimately done without the wait. They have a sign pointing to a waiting area just outside of the restaurant, but they didn't seem to have a dedicated host. I stood there for at least 5 minutes before they even so much as said hi to the party in front of us, and another 5 before they seated us. It was very busy, but at least I should've been welcomed, and I'm pretty sure there were at least a couple of open tables.By the way, try to park at the side of Gold Coast farthest from the Rio if you want to have a shorter walk, which is healthier than it sounds due to less secondhand smoke exposure.Anyway, as with any good dim sum place, we were able to dive right in since the carts made their rounds quickly. My friend started off the picks with a har gow (4 pieces), a shu mai (4), and a rather large and unfamiliar bowl of some sort of tripe with ginger and daikon. I later got us a plate of shrimp stuffed eggplant pieces (3), some deep fried shrimp balls with sugar cane (2) and some nice compact egg tarts (2). The last item was the chicken feet that my friend was pining for the whole time.Everything was definitely on the high end of good. All the savory items had sufficient flavor and non-mushiness, and the egg tarts were very flaky and were still noticeably warm at the end of the meal even though I'd ordered them at the start. I didn't fall in love with any one dish, but the quality was solid overall. Prices are probably a bit more than you'd expect since it's a casino restaurant and there's not all that many dim sum shops here. It was most likely $5.88 each for the tripe bowl and chicken feet, per my friend, and we had one $2.18 order, four $2.88 items, and one $3.88 dish. Couldn't tell you which is which since I'm not that much of a dim sum connoisseur, sorry! Overall, I wasn't blown away by any single item, but it was solid dim sum and I definitely prefer this to East Ocean, which has seemed a little lacking for me the past couple of trips for some reason. I also definitely appreciated that we got a tangerine and candy here instead of a fortune cookie (looking at you, East Ocean). I have not been to KJ yet, so stay tuned in case I decide to hit them up.
4	Ja Leung (donuts that aren't) are pretty great here. If it's noon you'll have a short wait, and it could be longer if you have a big group. There were 6-10 groups in front of us on a Saturday and we were seated within 20 minutes. The servers will direct you to the more bland and gringo-safe food if you're not Chinese so make sure you ask them about the things they don't offer that are on their carts and pay attention to the items that the regulars all select and you'll be happy. We got a spicy snail dish only because we saw it and asked about it. It was nice if you're okay with chewy snails, but it being on our table also encouraged some servers to offer us stuff on their second pass that wasn't offered the first time round. It was pretty cheap based on my experiences in LA. We had enough food for three people to stuff themselves silly and paid about $60. We'll be back for at least a few more visits before moving on to the next place for dim sum in town.
4	Ping Pang Pong is a go to place for when some of my friends want to get together for crab. Their style of spicy and salty is probably the best. It is all about getting well rounded flavors and plenty of food. Their razor clams and scallops on the half shell are a steal. At $8 for four and two respectively is a steal. I could eat those all night. Just be warned that your breath will be kicking. So much fried garlic goes on top of both dishes. PPP is a hit or miss. The green tea smoked duck was not something we enjoyed. I ended up just wanting Peking duck and was sad to see that they don't offer it. The sweet and pungent lotus roots are always a must. Add that with the three dishes I list above and you don't really need anything else. The dim sum here is good. It is just pricey compared to other places. Just be prepared. Don't expect great service. Just know something might go wrong during the meal and just move on. The food is good.
5	The Dim Sum is awesome here. I had 6 people in my party and everyone loved the food. The tripe cooked in the red sauce was out of this world. I highly recommend going to this hidden gem tucked away in the Gold Coast Casino.If you want to be adventurous try the Chicken Feet.I tend not to order this stuff at the normal Dim Sum place, I usually get grossed out by claws still being a attached to the feat. But Ping Pang Pong cleans there Chicken Feet really well no toe nails. LoL. The Chicken Feet connoisseurs I was with swear this was the best feat they ever had.
4	We had just had a disappointing Dim Sum experience at another place the night before- the other place had received a very good review too, so this shook our faith in the good ol' yelp system. Fortunately, it was a fluke. Ping Pang Pong was DANG near as good as our usual haunt in Portland. The service was good, the food was great, and specialty items were quickly cooked and served to us if they weren't already on the carts. My favorite little indulgence here was the coconut custard bun. Ambrosia! Another of our favorite dim sum stables is the stuffed eggplant, har gow, and sui mai- Ping Pang Pong delivered on all of them!
1	On our trip to Vegas last week we stayed at The Rio. On Tuesday night they experienced a gas line break which effected all of the restaurants on the property. After a while we decided to walk over to the Gold Coast and try their buffet. While walking over I noticed the sign for Ping Pang Pong's and I remember seeing great reviews for the place. My husband was excited because he had been in the mood for Chinese food. After arriving at the restaurant and being seated the server came and took our order. Mind you there were only 4 of us and we decided on just a few items: The Kung Pao Chicken, Beef and Broccoli and fried rice. After we placed our order we were brought the waters that we requested. An hour later we still did not have our food. We tried a number of times to flag down our server or anyone that could tell us what was up with our food...we were basically ignored. We ended up just getting up and walking out....So I can't really give a review on the food but their service get's an all time low for me.
3	dont even try the thai tea! it was super nasty! tasted like watered down thai tea... however some dishes were excellent, but most were decent. must try the egg custard dessert thing, soo good!!
4	I've had the chance to be in this side of town more and wanted to check out the restaurants. One of my coworkers recommended this place and I thank her all of the time for showing me Ping Pang Pong. The service was fast and the portions are great for groups. It is fairly priced and I'm glad I had people with me that knew what to order because Chinese food isn't my expertise. I got a Thai style fried rice and I loved it. The plum wine was also fantastic. Need to come back.
4	I'll be honest, I only came for the dim sum! Me and a friend ordered one of everything on their $3 menu. And some of it, like the pork bun&shumai& shrimp ball, were good. Others, I have to say, were just delightfully adequate! That golden sand bun, I just had no taste for, but I have been here before for various chicken dishes which were really good! So I have to recommend!However, the service we received was really slow. it must have taken nearly 30 minutes to get dessert and the check after being done with our dishes, but that would be the only setback for me not visiting again!
3	It was more than an hour wait. The food was good but the service was just off. We had the same 3 carts the whole hour we were there. We asked for certain dishes multiple times but it never came.
4	Yay for DIM SUM after 3pm!!!I came here a couple times, but the first time my cousin took me here. We were both craving dim sum at midnight, so what better place to be, since it closed at 3am?!I honestly didn't know how legit the dim sum would be so I ordered Mongolian Beef and a cup of rice. I didn't think the portions would be that big, but when I got my beef and looked around the room, I noticed plenty of families eating together... hmm.. FAMILY SIZED PORTIONS! Even better!I wanted to try a couple of the Dim Sum items, so I ordered the Baked Pork Bun, and HALLELUJAH! This right here, BAKED PORK BUN, is the BIDNIZZZ (business). If you want to try one thing, please let this be it! A couple weeks later, I told my friend about my dim sum craving and recommended this place. This time we were actually here for the dim sum. We ordered every single thing off the dim sum menu. Don't worry, there were about 10 or less items all $3 each.  After getting to taste them all, MY TUMMY WAS HAPPY. It was then time for dessert, but the server did not notice... We waited and waited, and stared into the sky, hoping they would acknowledge us. & they finally did! 30 minutes later... Thank goodness the egg custard dessert was BOMB.ORG, because it slightly made up for the time lost!PINGPANGPONG!TRY THE BAKED PORK BUN!
4	Despite the over-the-top cheesy name, the food is delicious! We ordered the shiimai dumpling, chicken feet, clams, and salt and pepper pork. Everything was GREAT and we cleared every plate! It's off of the strip and you have to take a cab to get to the dingy casino it's in, but it's well worth it. The service sucks but the food was so good that  I couldn't even be mad. Best part is that it's open till 3am so you can get your drunk-Chinese-food on!
4	Came here for dinner and the wait was about 20-30 minutes since it was extremely packed. Our server was quick to get our drinks and very helpful with picking out what to order. However, it took them awhile to refill our waters. And whenever they did refill our waters, the server would always reach over someone, so it was kind of uncomfortable.Food was really good! Really enjoyed the fresh veggies and the salted pepper pork chops were really tender but so flavorful. The noodles, roasted duck, and honey walnut shrimp were average. Everyone got full quick! All in all, it was a good meal!
4	The dim som was really good and the service was great! Can't go wrong the with shrimp balls.
2	It's okay.  Sorry I grew up on San Francisco's Chinese food.  I rather go to Orchid Gardens on Sahara!
3	Maybe it's because I'm from California. Maybe it's because I'm used to Chinatown in San Francisco being a 15 minute bus ride away.But when I'm handed a 16 dollar check for three small pork buns, two teas and two plates of small potstickers I gasp.Because in Chinatown, heck, in any Dim Sum place I've been to in the last five years, that is outlandishly priced.But hey, maybe all Dim Sum makers decided to up the price all at once and no one told me. Maybe it's just Nevada. No? Just triple P?Good to know.The service was good for cart Dim Sum, but again, we didn't revisit during our trip due to the price.If we return we'll most likely skip it. I'd rather head to TGIF and get a huge place of food for less than that.
4	Everything is good, except the price. I feel like these items are as good as the other dim sum places and don't need to be as expensive. Plus, this hotel isn't all that either lol. But on the bright side, I do very much enjoy the sticky rice Green Tea-filled dessert! I also enjoyed the shrimp shumai!
3	I know restaurant critics who have put Ping Pang Pong on their lists of "must eat" in Las Vegas.  After dining here twice, I'm not sure why, but I have a guess.The food is fine.  It's not close to the best Chinese food I've had.  It's a bit greasy, at times overcooked, and occasionally a bit bland.  We sampled some meat dishes, vegetable dishes, and even some dim sum.This left me wondering how this place gets such raves.  One thing, they serve some exotic dishes, dishes I don't see in other places.  I suspect this is one of the attractions.The service is fine.  The place is often busy, and they do their best to hustle people in and out.Overall, the place is a "a-ok", 3 stars.
4	Maybe because I am in Vegas and are fed up with resort-type pseudo Chinese food that cost a fortune so whenever I encounter a dim sum restaurant that's half-way decent, I don't mind giving it a higher rating.Ping Pang Pong - let's just called it PPP - is also located within a Casino, namely the Gold Coast. The one big differentiation about this restaurant as opposed to others is that it's located far off the strip so the patrons are not visitors that just happen to walk by here. Most of the customers appear to be locals who drove here for the food.For the most part the dishes are pretty tasty and fresh with high turnover rate. The roast duck was succulent, the salt and pepper smelt and the baked BBQ pork puff were delicious. We ordered a plate of stir-fried pea sprout greens and it was cooked just right. One of the desserts was recommended by the restaurant and they are these red bean filled circular donut-like pastries dusted with granulated sugar. I find them to be overrated as the crust was dry and the filling was overly sweet.Other than that PPP is a good place to go in Vegas for dim sum.
3	Good authentic Chinese food! Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the service, you'd think that since this restaurant is located inside a hotel in VEGAS they'd handle diversity well! The food is great, best fried rice in Vegas here, and shrimp cakes are perfection.
2	Ok I refused to believe that this is voted the best Chinese food in Vegas!!! Food is mediocre at best. Guaranteed stomache ache after. In an old casino and smelled every bit like one!!  Dont think I will go back....
1	I would give this place 5 FROWNNIE FACES :( . Where should I begin... FIRST OF ALL, they open at 10am, but don't have any food ready. We placed an order for a few dim sums at 10:10 am and got our order at 11am. UNACCEPTABLE, REALLY? 50 mins for dim sum?! Servers could barely speak english, messed up our order and manager was too busy to care. ALSO, the worst part is dim sum cart lady DROPPED food on the wet, dirty ground and procedded to place it back on the plate and back into the cart to be served to unknowing customers. GROSS, LADY..GROSS. I had to ask her to throw it away and she at first said " it's okay." WTH. NO LADY, IT'S NOT OKAY. No worries, I made sure she threw it in the trash..where it belongs. Finally we get our food at 11, after asking multiple times and our consolation prize for their mistakes were some cookies.. WOOHOO. Probably the ones that fell on the floor... Seriously, DO NOT EAT HERE.
5	Awesome.  Seems  mom & pop despite being in a casino.  Shrimp ball was awesome.  Custard tartlets to die for.  Mango tapioca dessert very very good.  We did have to wait in line, but well worth the wait
3	It's located towards the middle of theGold Coast Casino towards the back wall. We came at about 2 pm on a Monday (Memorial Day) and there was still a long line (about 15 minutes). Get here early, they close at 3, but it looks like they stop making fresh dim sum at 2 pm. The carts had slim pickings and a lot of things they didn't have anymore, such as the shrimp noodle rolls. I knocked a star off for the bad service here. The service was extremely slow and rude. After we were seated, no one introduced themselves to us as our server, so we didn't even know who our server was the entire time. Our drink order wasn't taken and tea wasn't brought to us until about 15 minutes after being seated and us having to flag someone down. They don't refill drinks here and they never made eye contact, so I was constantly waving my hand in the air to call someone, anyone over. Surprisingly, most of the dim sum here was great! BBQ pork buns - We loved the bbq pork buns, they make a great one here. The moist fluffy bao buns (the white ones that look like clouds) were stuffed generously with moist and tender bbq pork. 5/5Chicken Feet - whoever butchered the feet, didn't do a good job and there were tiny shards of bone throughout. My boyfriend almost swallowed a couple of small shards. 1/5Shumai (pork dumpling) - small, but they were moist, flavorful and had a nice texture. 5/5Har gow (clear shrimp dumpling) - these were also small, but I loved these! Great flavor on the shrimp filling and the clear wrapping was delicate and had a perfect texture. We ordered 2 rounds of them. 5/5Fried shrimp patty on sugar cane - comes with a sweet mayo sauce. The shrimp ball was very flavorful and went perfect with the mayo sauce. 5/5Shrimp and vegetable meatball coated in sticky rice - I didn't like the doughy sticky rice on the outside. Also the filling's texture was odd with the soft shrimp ball and chewy bits of vegetable. 1/5We also ordered a plate of stir fried beef chow mein noodles because we were all still hungry and they barely had anymore dim sum by 2:30 pm. The chow mein noodles were really bland. The beef was tender, but we all couldn't get past on the taste of the chow mein, it was lacking so much! 1/5Come early, stick with the dim sum and you're golden.
5	I had read the reviews for Ping Pang Pong and although the food was always rated highly, the service was considered poor.The food is excellent; the service was as good as it gets, the employees were friendly and concerned of our satisfaction.Great dinner.
4	We walked over here from Palms at 10:30 Saturday morning. It was hot and we were hungry. Ordered a bunch of dim sum: Har gow, shu mai, shrimp rolled in flat noodles, fried shrimp ball with sugarcane, beef ribs, this vegetarian tofu dish, meatballs, steamed bbq pork buns, baked pork buns, green tea dessert (it had a mochi texture) and jasmine green tea. What a breakfast!
5	In all my years of coming to Las Vegas I never knew really good and authentic Chinese food even existed here. Like others have mentioned, this certainly is a hidden gem.A couple of friends attending the jewelry trade show at the Mandalay had invited me to a nice quiet high end dinner at the Jasmine Restaurant at the Bellagio when , just as we were about to leave for the Bellagio, my friend received a business call saying their business contacts wanted to invite us for dinner instead.....and were too afraid to decline. All I knew was that I was asked to get in the car and just follow the leader.Being the fish out of water, I didn't speak a or understand a word of Chinese and had no idea what the plan was. We eventually ended up off the strip at some big stand alone casino across from the Palms Hotel and Casino. As we walked into the casino from the parking garage, my friend whispered to me that the host was taking us to a Chinese restaurant, and if she eats hear you can bet it's going to be VERY good! The host has been living in Vegas for over 30 years so she should know where all the good eating spots are now.....ok, so in we go. This was a medium end casino, and as we walked through it we finally came upon this Chinese Restaurant called "Ping Pang Pong"..... yes, you got that right....just as I've spelled it. Flashbacks of the movie "16 Candles" flashed through my head, but I'll leave that one alone :)Tucked inside the casino is this very casual, very Chinese looking, restaurant with an open kitchen concept where you can hear the burners blasting away and the woks clanging away. The place was quite crowded, but it appeared our host knew everybody there and I was told she is a VIP guest there. We came to the table and there sat 4 other of her elderly friends already seating and waiting for us. Oh boy.....there goes my hopes for a peaceful and relaxing dinner. Ok, lets cut it short and say that it was a very typical large table seating for a group of elderly folk who enjoyed their meals with loud talk.....the red wine they were gulping down didn't seem to help matters either. Anyway, I did not understand a single word spoken at the table all night, but no worries.....I had food to keep me busy!......good authentic Chinese food at that! And note, when I say this is authentic food, I mean authentic.....PF Chang's and Panda Express are NOT authentic :PI pretty much left the ordering to the host and her friends since they seemed to know what good Chinese food should taste like. Needless to say they ordered all very authentic dishes that westerners likely wouldn't have known how to order. Without going into too much detail about each dish.....because I really can't remember the names of each one......we started off with lotus root soup which was very good....absolutely delicious, and coincidentally is my favorite Chinese soup! There was a roast duck dish, lotus root stir fried with celery and rice wine sauce, egg white fried rice with dried scallops, stir fried cubes of beef with a dark brown sauce, ginger and scallion lobster over noodles, farm raised chicken cooked with chestnuts and rice wine, some green vegetables with baby abalone and sauce, sea bass steamed with black beans, ............and I think that was it. It was ALL yummy, and I was really surprised at finding this quality and standard of Chinese food all the way out here! But yes, it exists. Yay! :)All these delicious dishes for 9 people came to about $295 before tips, which was actually pretty good given the excellent quality of the food. If I should ever find several friends who'll join me for a good Chinese meal during future visits, I will definitely bring them here!
2	Two stars because the service wasnt great. WIthin less than 5 minutes of looking at the menu, the server rushed us to put in our order. Some of the dim sum items were unavailable during dinner time which was disappointing. Ordered shrimp fried rice, har-gow, sui mai, and kung pao chicken. Food was good but nothing to rave about. Ive had better dim sum at Mayflower in the Bay Area. The only thing I really liked about this place was how attentive the busboy was in refilling our drinks. Other than that, we saw our server twice - to take our order and give us our check.
5	Had friends staying at the Gold Coast, we ate at the restaurant, great service, great food.  I'm not much on Asian cuisine, but this was great, lots of food and even my friends commented how great it was, and they found their new favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas..  The waiter was very informative and helpful, took the time to explain things on the menu we didn't know about or understand.
1	The servers were extremely rude and rushy. The man wouldnt allow us to get our table until everyone arrived. Even though 5/7 people were already there. We didnt get our drinks until 25 mins after we were seated. Food wasnt that flavorful. The servers don't make eyecontact with you and The tables are extremely close to each other.
5	Weird atmosphere, delicious food, smoking next to the slot machines, couldn't ask for anything more. I make it a point to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas, whether just passing through or staying a night.
5	I love this place!  They are located inside of a Gold Coast Casino.  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to stop here for their dim sum.  I have been lucky to dine in at times when it wasn't really crowded, but I have seen those long lines.  I love their shumai and hair gow.  Their shrimp noodles are even good.  The skins are not falling off and the fillings are just right.  I like this place better than Chinatown in LA.  The servers didn't seem really friendly, but attended to the table and brought whatever was needed so no complaints.
4	Seating is limited and service is unhurried so expect a long wait at lunch time. Getting in is the hard part-- you stand in line with a crowd of people yelling in various Chinese dialects as they shove, cut, and complain-- all adding authenticity and closely matching my experiences in China.  Another reason for the long wait is, once inside, diners tend to linger. I don't blame them. The food is tasty, hot, and well-varied. All my favorite dim sum dishes were here.  Servers are friendly and I never felt ignored (as I have at other dim sum places).  For about $18 including tip I was able to stuff myself.  The 40 minute wait to get in was painful but I'm glad I stuck around.
5	Second best dim sum I've had in Vegas :) their beef noodle is second to none. And their chicken stir fry as well as won ton soup is da bestest!
1	So I tried this place twice.... the first time I tried the food -  my brother and mom got take out for my dad and I for a late night snack - we had a bowl of Preserved Egg and Pork Porridge and a bowl of Wonton Noodle Soup. The porridge was okay - it was actually kind of bland and I wish I had salt. The Wonton soup was not any better - the noodles were stuck together and the wonton was also very bland. So even after trying the food here and knowing its not that good- why would I come back again? Well my dad didn't think it was so bad so the next day he wanted to order the same thing - I really didn't want to but he insisted he wanted to eat porridge - so this time we went to order it for take out again.This time I experienced the service -- and it was ridiculous - took 45 minutes for two dishes...on top of that the waitress was very unfriendly. The chef didn't even remember to make the porridge until I asked the waitress three times after 30 minutes - and she finally asked the chef - which was just standing around - to make it. It took him less than 5 minutes to make it but I waited 45 minutes for it. Then after that I asked her for an extra spoon and she didn't even want to give it. On topDefinitely not a place I want to go back to. Both the food I tried and the service I experienced was pretty bad. On top of that they were pretty expensive.
4	This is one of the better dum sum restaurants in town as far as quality, freshness and selection goes. The service has a tendency to be slow at times, so be aggressive. Jump in front of those dim sum carts and demand some food. Prices are decent and there's usually a ten to twenty minute wait on the weekends.
2	Wait in line was 15 min, not too bad for 1:30 on Sunday. While waiting in line we noticed over 50% of the people dining were Asian, that was a good thing! And the carts for dim sum were hustling back and forth and all over the restaurant. We sat down right around 1:45... What happened to the carts?? The same 2 carts came round and round. We asked for a few items and the person said "later" and kept on walking. We were so disappointed!! We heard the food was great, "best in LV" and we got a total of 5 dim sum plates of food, nothing we really wanted, but we were so hungry!  One thing this town has no shortage of is good restaurants, so we won't be back and suggest others not waste their time if they are hungry. What we ate was okay, nothing special. And having to walk through the entire casino filled with cigarette smoke and leave so dissatisfied, we won't be back. Ever.
4	We recently dined here for dim sum at 10am so we didn't have to wait for a table.  They serve traditional dim sum on a cart.  The place was quite small, which meant that carts went around to all the tables. Overall, the dim sum was quite tasty.  The dishes we enjoyed the most were the assorted sweet and savory buns as well as the Shrimp Cheong Fun with plump shrimps.  The Sui Miu was tasty with the right amount of meat as was the tofu wrap.There were a few misses.  The shrimp dumpling (har gow) was bland tasting shrimp with mushy, thick wrap. The Rice w/ Lotus Leaf (Lo Mai Gai) was mostly rice with minimal amount of meat and other ingredients.  The fried chicken wings were the worse with an odd mix of spices and too much grease.  We also ordered an item with rice and small spareribs. It was tasty but some of the ribs were fatty.The dim sum dishes were inexpensive with dishes around $3 with generally tasty dishes and generous meat stuffing.
4	Last year I went to Ping Pang Pong with my boss and wasnt that impressed. I remember liking 1 dish and thinking the rest was just ok.Went back a couple of days ago and had a much better  experience. All the dishes we tried were pretty tasty and service was quick. Standout dish was the BBQ pork. Mmmmm.
4	I had the chance to try this place out on one of my first trips to Vegas several years back.  I remember it being my first trip to the Gold Coast casino.It appeared tucked away near a little food court, and the long waiting line made it recognizable.  I went with the standard dim sum fare available, soup was great, chicken wings were a little rubbery and way too greasy.  A few pushy people outside, as some other reviewers have mentioned.I'd definitely go back, just haven't been on that side of town in recent Vegas trips.  I remember regretting not going back the next day, as the little snack bar beside it was terrible.
5	Best dim sum place I've ever had....eat there every time were in Vegas...
4	Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of the better places for dim sum in Vegas. They open at 10 and there's a line before it even opens which I was in since I was a bit early. With 10 of us we were seated right after it opened.We were at the table where all the employees had to open the cabinet to put their personal items so we had to keep moving out of the way. The food carts seemed to have been sparse in our area but we were able to order what we wanted from the server. My favorites were the shrimp churn fun and the gai mei bao. The shrimpwas huge! All of the food was good but I wish we got to have more of a variety like the turnip cake that I love or tripe.  Ping Pang Pong is definitely a little on the pricey side for dim sum but it is worth it. Even though you do have to walk into a smokey casino you will forget that once you are seated surrounded by loud parties.
4	I love the crispy half chicken from Ping Pang Pong.. Only thing is every second time I come here it's been sold out! We've had to eat the half roast duck instead (also tasty), Kung Pao Chicken (yes I'm dating a white guy ;) We've had pretty good service everytime we've been here and also manage to get a table straight away. Most of the time we eat between 12 and 3am so they usually run out of the crispy chicken by then. Once we came at 7pm and the crispy chicken came out 5 minutes after we ordered it but it wasn't even crispy. The other 3 times it's been great. We like it spicy. Dishes we don't like: hot and sour soup. It's not hot or sour... Just big. Wrinkly string beans - sounds exactly like what it is - wrinkly string beans, not the yummiest vege choice! Dishes that are average: won ton noodle soup - it's also massive and has lots of veges, chicken feet - flavour is ok. Dishes that we like - crispy chicken, pepper beef medallions,roast duck, Kung Pao chicken, Singapore noodles, prawn dumplings, Chinese brocolli. Will we be back?  Yes!
2	Food is good but service is awful!!! We went twice and each time it's the same thing, takes forever to get waited on, servers don't check back to see if you need anything and one time they took so long to wait on us that dim sum ended. Don't waste your time go to Changs on Decatur instead! I would not recommend unless you want subpar food at over the top prices.
4	I love Ping Pang Pong. It is the best dim sum in Vegas. Sometimes the service can be a little slow, but the food is delicious and the prices are so reasonable.
5	Very good dim sum & prices are not bad for vegas.  I will come back each time i visit for sure.  I'm still craving this place when i got back to California & i tried a couple of dim sum places & they're not even comparable.  I may have to fly back to get my fix!
1	Never had I have to feel I need to leave a negative review.  Got a comp for this place.  Ordered it at 10:50 for to-go; had to go up and play 11PM bingo.  I knew 10 minutes was short but you figure Chinese food doesn't take long to cook.Lady says "14 minutes"; of course we think  "14 minutes" but I think she meant "40".  That's ok though, but my friend did go downstairs to check on our food twice. We ordered roast duck, fried rice and pork chop.  Unless you're chasing down Donald Duck and Porky Pig, I think 40 minutes it's more than enough for "to-go" food.  My friend who witnessed us ordering saw a family of 5 sit down and leave by the time we came back from bingo an hour later.So we asked to just eat our food right then and there; I mean, bingo ends at 12am and it was 12:05, 15 min after our food was supposed to be done.  Grateful to sit and eat we did. Minus service.  Had to wait super long before we asked for our check (just happened to be a to be a drink balance of $3...)Monday night, slow service.  I really don't understand this; what pisses me off is that my food was a comp:  doesn't that mean VIP?  I didn't get my meal for "free", so don't treat me like I'm nobody.  I gamble a lot.  I can't rely on feeling "VIP" at this place.=\
4	Lots of diff choices and pretty legit.Go to dimsum while in town .. Must gets include: turnip cake , calamari, roast duck, shu Mai and fried steam pork bun.Always a good idea to be early to avoid the lines ..
4	This is my go-to dim sum restaurant. I always go about a half hour before they open. The food is fresh and tasty. It's not as good as what you can find in San Francisco, but it is the best one I've been to in Las Vegas. I've never ordered off their regular menu, so I can't comment on that.
4	Since I'm staying here at the Gold Coast, I decided to make another trip downstairs to Ping Pang Pong. Don't you just love that name? Unfortunately, this was dinner so no dim sum but their regular menu is pretty doggone good too. Ordered the walnut prawns (don't call these puppies shrimp) and they looked like they could have been in the latest Godzilla movie. BIG MOTHERS! Mmmmm. Also had their sausage fried rice which was good but a little bland. Not bad though. When you see actual Chinese customers, you know that's a very good sign. They don't put up with any bootleg crap, especially if they have to wait in line. Tomorrow is another day and I will be able to indulge in the dim sum. Even if I don't win money in the casino, I can't lose with tasty dim sum.  If you don't try this place, Ping Pang Pong on you!
5	Love their dimsum! My fave is siomai, chicken feet, pork buns, and sweet tofu. Good thing we don't have to wait long to be seated.
2	My mom took me here so I can try this place out. She said they have more dim sum selections and what not. I did not like the place at all. Seating sucked (if you're right at the entrance)Not a lot of dim sum selection at all either. All the carts that came around were the same thing that passed us earlier. So a lot of the food I normally eat, they don't have. Their portion is smaller as well. As in, most places give you 3 egg tarts and this place gives you 2. Same for other dishes like the rice wrapped with leaves. Compared to DJ Dim Sum in Rio, this place has a major thumbs down in food and in service for sure. Don't think I'll ever come back.
5	Best dim sum I've ever had. The environment is not upscale. Service is slow especially when it gets busy and that occurs on a regular basis. expect to wait in a line. It's not unusual. Best time to go is right before 3pm when they stop serving dim sum. Again, I go for the food and its worth it.
4	Great dim sum place. Why not for vegas? lol. The only problem is the wait. it is a very long wait for food. be advised.
4	Situated in the heart of the Gold Coast, Ping Pang Pong is a great, basic dim sum restaurant that is frequented by the large asian population that is situated around the Spring Mountain area of Las Vegas -- which obviously means they are doing something right! If you are expecting a noisy, traditional dim sum restaurant full of almost fights over dishes you are going to be disappointed. However, this lack of hostility does not take away from the food being fantastic. All of the servers are very friendly and eager to explain all of the dishes on their carts. Also the servers do speak English very well and also speak at least one dialect of Chinese. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is curious to learn more about Chinese culture, cuisine, and the world of dim sum.
5	The name almost sounds like the punchline for a bad joke you wouldn't dare tell at a Chinese restaurant. Except Ping Pang Pong is not that, nor is it the name of the Azn triplets in your cringeworthy joke.At Ping Pang Pong, they take their dim sum quite seriously. At least I'm pretty sure their dim sum is among the best I've ever had. I love how they add these bits of salted shrimp to their taro cake for flavor. Yum.It seems a bunch of the older casinos in Vegas have a 'hidden gem'; Ping Pang Pong is Gold Coast casino's. We went there for lunch & there was this mega queue of Azn ppl (as myself), a queue that stayed long, long after we were done eating lunch (we stayed to play a bit of Wheel of Fortune). I figured this meant that a continuous stream of people kept coming in - & that that's maybe because the food is good. The things I learn from watching Sherlock.TIP: How do you skip the super long line at Ping Pang Pong? No, this isn't that non-PC jokeIf you spot a big empty table that will seat you/your group & the people in front of/behind you, consider befriending them, at least temporarily, for the purpose of sharing the table. That's what we did. There were 3 of us, 2 of them, & a few empty seats separating us from them. Otherwise, we would've had to wait another 30 minutes to an hour.
2	I might come here just because it's fun to say "Ping Pang Pong." Other than that, the food is ehhhh alright and pretty expensive for dim sum. The char siu bao was fluffy, but that was really the only good thing we had. The chicken feet were more rubbery than I like, and the har gow wrappers were dry and too thick. I just went yesterday and I already can't remember what else we ordered, it was that forgettable. We were two people and were seated at the end of the route, so there was never anything left by the time they got to us. We kept watching as the large groups ahead of us kept taking the last of the items we wanted. We only got some items after the large group was finished eating and left. They should put more of the popular items in the cart so there are enough to go around the restaurant.
2	Overpriced and miniocre. I don't think I'll come back again.  There's just way more dim sum restaurants id pick over this one.
4	Friends invited us here for a Birthday Brunch and I am SO GLAD they did!We had been hesitant to have Dim Sum in LV, because we are used to the Dim Sum in San Francisco, which is really some of the best! But, we found a new spot for sure! The Dim Sum was really excellent! I would go back for anytime!We were there right at opening, being told it gets really crowded on a Sunday.But the good stuff did not start coming around until around 10:30AM. By 11AM it was totally full! So go early and go hungry! There are way to many delicious options.
4	I was a little hesitant to try this place out due to the mixed reviews. I was starving and this place is located inside the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. Parking was not a problem, but that might be because I'm here on a Monday! I was pleasantly surprised by the food and service so I'm glad we ended up giving it a chance. We were seated right away and the carts came by pretty often. The food was hot and fresh. I actually thought the dim sum was decent and they had a great selection to choose from. Our water was refilled frequently and a food server made her round to ask every table if everything was okay. Although I've been spoiled with dim sum in LA county and OC, it certainly satisfied the dim sum craving. The best thing about it next to service is the pricing!
4	This was some great Dim Sum! Everything was fresh, hot and delicious. Service was gracious as well as polite. We didn't have one bad dish.My biggest complaint? Because we arrived so early, they seemed to only have desserts ready & those kept coming around quite readily in the beginning. They didn't seem to start bringing out the savory dishes til about 15-20 minutes after they opened.My recommendations? If you arrive early, be patient & wait about 20 minutes til the dishes really start coming out. If not, then show up about 30 minutes after they open, just be prepared to wait.The challenge? Their Servers are all Chinese, which is great, however with all of the noise, hearing them through the noise & their accents was a challenge.Definitely a go to spot from now on!
5	White guilt told me this was some kind of racial slur against chinese people. Yelp told me it was actually a killer chinese restaurant. Yelp was right! So so so so good!
4	great food!been here for both dim sum & just a dinner.its usually REALLY busy & there's almost always a line out the front door. but honestly, its worth the wait.the prices are very reasonable & you get a lot for your money.definately a place to take company when you want some good food!oh and they do close for an hour or so after lunch.BUT, open until 3am! =)
4	Best Chinese food in Vegas at a very affordable price.  Dim sum is excellent.  Since it's pretty popular, there can be a line but it's worth the wait.  Their menu has more than your typical Cantonese offerings so be adventurous and try something new, it'll be worth it.
4	The food is great! I work late shifts so it's really cool to find fresh Chinese food at 1-2am in the morning.
5	Great service! These waitresses are on it. The food came right away. Such delicious selections:) my fav was crispy garlic shrimp and shrimp cakes on sugar car sticks. I live in LA so must find me a dim sum out here cause P.P.P got me yearning  for more can't wait to visit again.
4	Quick service, big variety reasonable prices.  My favorite dim sum place.  If you are new to dim sum, the big deal is to go between 10 am and 3 and ladies will come up to you with carts and tell you what dishes they have.  You might only take two favorites per cart, because you might want to fill up before you have been offered a big variety.
4	When I'm in Vegas I usually do steaks or buffets. Sometimes BBQ and burgers. Never thought I'd go dim sum in Vegas... and never ever did I think I'd like it. Surprise surprise!!! Did it and it was delightfully good.
1	Worst service I've ever had in Las Vegas, and I've lived here over 25 years. We waited over 30 minutes after our entrees had arrived for our fried rice dish. Repeated questions to the waiter (when we could find him) were met with "it's coming". Meanwhile, patrons who had arrived after us were served their rice dishes well before ours came. Of course, they were Asian and we were white and I can't help but think race played into the poor service as we were almost completely ignored all night.As far as the food, the appetizers were decent, but my braised chicken tasted like candied slop. Zero stars, will never go there again.
4	Good portions, quick staff and clean.  A little smokey from casino!
4	I never would have thought the Gold Coast Casino and Hotel had such a yummy tasting Dim Sum Restaurant. I happened to arrive just at the right time before 12pm because after I got seated there was a line out the door. Eat a lot of different dishes, all for a cheap price.
5	Ended up here on a random night craving authentic Chinese food- not glorified Vegas fancy schmancy Asian- and it exceeded all expectations.  Had the roast crispy skin whole chicken and it was probably the best chicken I've ever had - juicy moist flavorful and crispy skin on the outside.  I could've had the entire chicken!  Also had the pea sprouts, deep fried sea bass and roast pork belly - all amazing.  I'm Chinese and I've had my share of Chinese food ;) and this is someof the best!  PS- this is a real Chinese restaurant so people who are expecting impeccable 5-star service are unrealistic - go to the aforementioned places I talked about instead.  Let's be real- You're never going to get that kind of service here. You will get efficient and courteous service and that's all you could really ask for, people!
4	Everytime we in Vegas we stay at gold coast and eat at Ping Oang Pong every single day while we were there. Good food, good service. Sometime you have to wait on the line. A lot of ppl know about this good dim sum restaurant.Cant wait to go back.
1	Totally disappointed. Portions are very small. Prices high. Not quality looking. If that's not enough, i got a to go order. I looked the girl right in the eye and said i was going to be sitting just outside, in wide open view. I sat and sat and sat and even looked the girl straight in the eye from a distance while i was waiting...finally, i decided to ask her if it was ready...what do you know? It's been sitting for so long it's already cold. I'm so glad i spent $25 for a cold handful of. rubbery chicken....not really. Other people seemed to be enjoying but i guess is personal. I don't know. Orders DO NOT come with rice. That's extra. Just finished and now i have a headache. GarbageWon't be back
4	This place was packed for dim sum on a Friday morning. I thought the price for average for dim sum, nothing too expensive and meets LA price standards. I read someone else's comments about expensive dim sum, it was about 2.50 a bin. They have a good selection and you can order other foods too. I would come back.
3	We like to eat here occasionally when we are here to play bingo. It's good Chinese food, decent sized portions, but terrible terrible service. Open late hours so when I've come here it has usually been on the later end of the evening. They pretty much have a very traditional Chinese dining menu, but a small bowl of white steamed rice is 50cents which I was surprised with all the entrees we were ordering we were not getting a free bowl of white rice. Tonight we had the Kung Pao Chicken, Dry Beef Chow Fun, Salt and Pepper Pork, BBQ Pork Fried Rice, Gobo Beef, and seafood mixed Soft Noodles which probably is their fancy name version of lo mein. All the food actually was pretty good.Kung Pao Chicken - I enjoyed how tender the chicken slices were, and the sauce for this particular dish was just right, right amount of spicy and right amount of sweetness to it. Gobo Beef - probably my new favorite dish to order when coming to this restaurant. Small thick cut cubes of beef sirloin, every flavorful and savory taste of beef cubes. could be more on the tender side, but otherwise very tasty.Beef Chow Fun - average tasting chow fun, a little on the oily side for my liking, but chow fun is my all time favorite chinese food dish, so I normally will order this entree at any chinese restaurant i'm eating at. BBQ Pork fried rice - it was a little on the dry side for me, but I guess it's better to be dry than oily. nothing unique or special, pretty standard dish for fried riceSalt and Pepper pork - a little too much on the salty sideseafood Mixed soft noodles - this name of the entree to me is in no doubt that it's their fancy name for lo mein, very standard display and style of cooking for the seafood lo mein look-alike, their hot tea was very very good, but their service overall sucked and some people (the hostess) really have terrible and rude attitudes and I know the customer can sense and see it. slow service, and just overall even if they are understaffed, they dont have to be sour faced or rude about it. 3/5 for pretty standard okay food and terrible service :/
4	Let's get this one out of the way: the name. The name is terrible and I say this as an Asian. Urgh.My family and I decided to come here for my papa's birthday. It wasn't hard to find on the casino floor and we didn't have to wait long to get a table. It was a little confusing ordering as the wait staff flew here and there. Even as we got our food, it was a little confusing and not personal.I ordered pork belly stew thinking it was going to be an individual size dish. It wasn't. It was on a dish meant for everyone to eat off of. I tried my family's dishes as well as the dim sum they ordered and it was delicious. THe pork belly stew though was out of this world and when I took it home for leftovers because I couldn't finish everything at the restaurant. Even as leftovers, the pork belly stew was phenomenal and I ate that bad boy all up until it was gone.The food was delicious and I'd definitely eat it again. The customer service though wasn't that great and that knocked off a star for me.
2	Chinese broccoli... $12???  The portions here at ping pang pong are very miniscule.  Typical dim sum really.  However, the service is lackluster.  Not the worst, but far from acceptable.  The multiple times I've come here on occasion I've noticed how most of the employees look like they HATE their job and the customers.  I've had the dishes flung upon the table a few times.  Relax lady XD. There are better places to eat, plus I dislike the line here.  They are pretty terrible at seating, many a time was there open tables and no one being seated.  Sigh... 2 stars because a 3 would be somewhere I'd come back to.
4	Orange Chicken - it was okay, pretty soggy, not crunchy. 3/5 Panda Express is better.Orange Beef requested extra crispy, was pretty good! 4/5Chicken Lomi - tasteful 4/5Shrimo Rice Noodle Wrap - pretty good as well! 4.8/5Being one of the best chinese restaurant in the country, I expected it to be excellent but I found it just.. okay. It's not overwhelming goodd. A 7/10 ratingPortion of food isnt par with the price, but they're not bad at all. Service is fairly okay, they greet you in that's it.
2	It's had been some time since my last visit to Ping Pang Pong so I decided to give it a try for our pre-holiday dim sum meal with friends.We arrived around 1pm and the line was pretty long. We were seated by 1:30 at a table that was a little on the tight side for our party. Drinks and refills were plentiful, but the cart service was extremely disappointing. They were slow with the carts and despite us trying to flag them down, they were hard to catch and skipped us a few times which irked me and my friends. We eventually got their attention and got everything we had hoped for, but the bad attitude and service was annoying. The food ranged for just ok to downright flavorless. Service issues aside, I can't think of a single dish that stood out to me as being good and I think I can safely cross Ping Pang Pong off my dim sum list from now on.
1	Like all my reviews, food is 3 and service is 2 to add up to 5 stars. I gave them 2 stars for food and 0 for service. This place has such bad organizations, we ordered our food for to-go and waited over an hr for the food to be ready. The waitresses did not bother to tell us if our food was ready or not or any update on it. It is ridiculous of how long they make us wait. I was so upset, it's not even funny. We asked them to check on our food and the lady in the picture that I took kept ignoring us. I don't know why it takes them this long to cook the food bc it took them OVER AN HOUR to do it. I love this place but they're just so rude to us. We were ignored and they were not friendly about it either. I've worked with customers and you apologize and give them an update. Idk maybe it's just that day, maybe it's just the waitresses that was working at the moment. Hope this helps.
4	The Chinese Dim Sum during lunch is understandably busy. If you are into trying different things and different cuisine, this is a must stop for locals and visitors alike. If you are there for the food, it's great. If you are there to be wowed by Bellagio style service, you're obviously at the wrong place but it will work, no complaints from me.I will definitely return to more during the week to escape the holiday rush. By far the most authentic and tasty place in Las Vegas. The price is on par with those other Dim Sum joints in town but much more tastier and popular. If you're down for a quick lunch, swing right in during non holiday hours! Clean, delicious, and fast: trifecta for great Chinese food!
2	It's had been some time since my last visit to Ping Pang Pong so I decided to give it a try for our pre-holiday dim sum meal with friends.We arrived around 1pm and the line was pretty long. We were seated by 1:30 at a table that was a little on the tight side for our party. Drinks and refills were plentiful, but the cart service was extremely disappointing. They were slow with the carts and despite us trying to flag them down, they were hard to catch and skipped us a few times which irked me and my friends. We eventually got their attention and got everything we had hoped for, but the bad attitude and service was annoying. The food ranged from just ok to downright flavorless. Service issues aside, I can't think of a single dish that stood out to me as being good and I think I can safely cross Ping Pang Pong off my dim sum list from now on.
4	This is the granddaddy of dim sum places in Vegas and the most popular. On a busy day, the wait is easily an hour and 99% Asian which should speak to its authenticity. There's also an ala carte menu to order from but few do. It's hard to describe the variety of dishes that they bring to the table but your standard fare is here like shrimp balls, shu mai, fried shrimp (head/shell on), calamari, etc. as well as some stuff that you pretty much need to be Chinese to want (the servers can't describe it!). If you don't mind the wait and how busy this place is, it's definitely worth a visit to try something not found on the strip.
2	PLEASE PROCEED WITH CAUTION!! The staff here are crazy RUDE and they even lied about what they were still serving. They told us they were out of dishes but then served the same dishes to another table behind us. We had to fight for our food and called the manager since everyone was ignoring us. Manager there is great btw! Only reason this place had 2 stars. Once we called him, we finally had better service. Food here gets a C- as far as quality of Dim Sum. Dumpling and bun exterior a little hard and didn't taste fresh. Listen, bottom line is in Vegas there are a lot better places to spend your money than Ping.
4	There's a line to get into the restaurant. All guests in your party must be present before your party may be seated. It's important to let the hostess know how many people there is in your party. For drinks, they provide complimentary tap water. However, there's a flat fee per person for a pot of Chinese Restaurant Tea. The dim sum was delicious. However, I didn't like how the windows on the dim sum cart weren't very visible. I felt that the dim sum could have been more presentable!We got the following:1. A bowl of steamed rice topped with chinese mushroom, diced chicken in bone, and ginger. It was served in a tall wooden bamboo looking container. It came with soy sauce on the side. I felt that the rice was a bit bland. I didn't like how the chicken had small little bones.2. Eggplant topped with shrimp in black bean sauce. It came in 3. It was tasty but on the oily side.3. Pan Fried Sticky Rice Cake filled with Red Bean Paste on a round banana leaf. It came in 3. It was crispy on the top, sweet and savory.4. Steamed Beancurd Wrapped Tofu Ball topped with English Peas, Corn, and Chinese Mushroom.5. Steamed Crystal Shrimp Dumpling. It came in 4. I liked how there were big pieces of shrimp and no fillers in the dumpling.6. Steamed Fish Paste Ball, which came in 3, consisted of fish paste, coriander, diced Chinese sausage, topped with a gojiberry, and over a bed of enoki mushroom.7. Steamed Roast Pork Buns, which came in 3 and were fresh from the oven.8. Chinese style Crepe filled with crispy dough and shrimp and topped with soy sauce and scallion.9. Steamed Beef Ball, which came in 3, consisted of beef and parsley, served over a bed of beancurd, and drizzled with A1 sauce.10. Steamed Sticky Rice with sausage, scallion, egg, and dried shrimp. I was surprised there wasn't any Chinese mushroom.11. Egg Custard Tart. I liked how the crust was slightly burnt!
5	I had tried Chang before.... but never felt welome or appreciated here. Bygones.I tossed a coin and decided to give Ping Pang Pong a shot!Every ecpectation wa exceeded!First of all.... it is inside the Gold Coast Resort....one of those festive place this the locals frequent. So much more exciting as you face the casino floor. Who wouldn't LOVE that?Dim Sum is just served at lunch and I arrived two hours early. It waa full but not crowded.This was the best part.... limited cart service that day ONLY. Poor pitiful little me had to only order the dim sum favorites I live for!, hicken feet were the largest I had ever enjoyed! I poued the fatty juices over the sticky rice from the THREE huge banana leaf rolls.The braised oxtails were almost bone free and fork tender. Honestly.... each of the 15 or so man hunks waa almost two inches across.I wrapped up this unforgettable feast with the mango puddig. Not overly sweet and mouthfulls of tropical flavour.I can not wait to get back in February!
4	This is an interesting name for a chinese restaurant. We had dim sum here for lunch and simply put : it was good. Better than some food we had at Chinatown in San Francisco. The place is always bustling with activity while waitress with push carts go around to show you what's available. Just order from them directly :)A few items to recommend : the Prawn Chee Cheong Fun , the Bolo Bao, cereal butter prawns, carrot cake, egg tarts.Things to skip : stir fried bee hoon, Siew mai, har gao .Please be aware that the restaurant is near the slots so be prepared to smell cigarette smoke spilling over into the area.I recommend that you order chrysanthemum tea to go with your meal as it really helps to wash down well. Once you're done with 3/4 your pot, get someone to top it up to make sure it doesn't get too "thick".Great place
1	Stay away from this place.  Ordered the Chinese broccoli and there was two caterpillars in the veggie.  Told the manager/owner about it and he asked me, " What do you want me to do about it? Sometimes veggies have caterpillars and it's normal. " I was stunned that he can even say that.  How about wash your veggies properly.  I asked for his name and the staff will not say.  We paid and left.  Called Gold Coast to file a complaint and they can't do anything about it because they are independently owned.  If I could... I would rate Ping Pang Pong a negative 10 stars.
