2	We went this place because it's advertisement for sezchuan dish on the chinese newspaper. However  I have to say it's some of worst food I had, plus the place is really empty even during prime dinner time. I guess that's the first sign of trouble. If you're going please only order sezchuan dish they are edible but by all mean STAY AWAY from SEAFOOD, they're not fresh and stale.
1	We came here for breakfast as hubby wanted salty soy ($1.95). Lil guy wanted cong you bing ($2.95). We also ordered a dish called husband and wife beef slices ($5.95) which is deceiving since it's beef and tendon slices in a spicy sauce and not just beef on its own. Well the flavor of this dish was ok but not spicy enough and not nearly enough of the Sichuan peppercorns. Salty soy wasn't bad but not not as flavorful as it could've been. But the worse part of all was the cong you bing. OMG it was SO greasy and just disgusting. The service was also awful. The servers' lack of enthusiasm just made me want to get out of there ASAP.
4	We went for dinner the first night of CES (probably one of the biggest shows in Vegas).  Every restaurant in the area was packed, including Emperor's Garden.  We had to wait about 15min for our table.  When we got our menu, we were surprised by the care the owner took to explain the background of the cuisine as well as origins of well-known dishes.We were intrigued by the story of the Husband and Wife Beef Lung Slices (lung has been replaced by shank and tendon in modern times) so ordered that.  It came in a deceivingly spicy red chili oil, which was just mildly hot and had a complex fermented flavor which we really liked.  There was great contrast in texture between the tender shank and crunchy tendon.I've been on a hunt for authentic Dan Dan noodles, which I was excited to find here.  This one was perfectly spiced with lots of ground Sichuan red peppercorns that linger on your tongue making it salivate.  This stuff is addictive if you like the sensation - I do.The mini pork dumplings had silky smooth delicate skins which helped take away the spice of the other dishes.The fish filets in Hunan sauce were super tasty with just the right amount of spiciness - enough to not overwhelm the other flavors.  The string beans were fried perfectly without any hint of greasiness and well seasoned, reminding me of good french fries.A native Sichuan customer we met gave it a 7 out of 10, which is pretty good for this side of the Pacific.  I've got to make a trip to Chengdu to find the 10/10 restaurant he's talking about.
1	This restaurant serves Szechwan and Mandarin cuisine.  We each started off with a cup of corn and chicken soup that turned out to be egg drop soup with a few kernels of corn tossed in for good measure.  We shared entrees of shrimp lo mein and spicy chicken with peppers.  Neither dish scaled any culinary heights, but at least I was able to use a 20% off coupon printed off the LVRJ website to ease my disappointmen
3	I think some of the previous reviewers weren't being fair. Husband and Wife Beef Slice is supposed to be beef tendons, plain and simple. The only reason I gave this place only three stars is that the food wasn't as authentic as the one in LA with the same namesake (that's where they started, it turns out). The ground peppercorn spice is tasteless comparing to the real stuff. The "water boiled lamb" is otherwise pretty good, while the aforementioned beef slice is mediocre. The Yan Jian Rou has too much fat and wasn't done properly. Overall it's fairly authentic, but not quite up to LA or SF standard.
1	WORST RESTAURANT EVER. (@#$@#!$ so mad that i even made an acc just to leave this reply)This restaurant does not even deserve 1 star!!!I went there with my family/friends about 2 weeks ago for lunch and decided to go in after looking at the menu posted on the outside. However, when we sat down and looked at the menu on the table, it was a completely different menu. Not only were there less choices but the prices were also ridiculously high (close to doubled the price) compare to the menus posted. After discussing with my family/friends we decided to stay. We thought maybe the price is higher because it is a bigger portion. So we ordered around 4-5 dishes.  When the dishes arrived, i was EXTREMELY shocked to see the small portions on the table. the service was HORRIBLE. it seems like the waitresses/waiters purposely try to avoid direct eye contact with the customers so they dont have to do anything. whenever we raise our hand they look down (right away)After eating the mediocre dishes we got the check which came down to $95. (EXTREMELY overpriced & TOTALLY NOT worth it)After we paid, i went outside to double check the menu and looked for the ones we had ordered to match the prices. I saw that the prices posted on the outside was almost 1/2 the price in the menu we were handed. So i went in and asked one of the waitress why we were not given the menu on the outside and she said, "that menu is for white people for people who know english and have different taste"Her reply just made me so angry. Basically they mean that just because we are asians we have to pay double the price? and its not like we dont know english. and who is she to judge what i like to eat? Overall, i would NEVER go back again. and if anyone still wants to go please ask for the "white people menu" because it is a lot cheaper and surprisingly the same portion with more choices to pick from.
4	Went there on a holiday for brunch and ordered sticky rice roll, red bean buns, soy bean drinks, bean noodle from the bilingual slip of paper.  Decent food, fast free hot tea refills, easy parking, and good price.  I would go back.
2	Meh.  I've experienced better. (haha Yelp took the words right out of my mouth).So I came here over the weekend looking for some Taiwanese breakfast and figured Chinatown must have it.  Got to Chinatown, saw "YongHe" outside which means Taiwanese breakfast so I was pretty excited when I went in.  I'm grateful that they are attempting Taiwanese style breakfast but I feel bad for the people that actually think this is good.  Being a Szechuan restaurant, naturally they would have a lot of spicy food.  I ordered a beef wrap/roll and some Chinese donuts (youtiao).  Pretty much it was different cuts of beef marinated in chili oil that's usually served as a cold appetizer but then they stick it in the middle of a shaobing (Taiwanese-style bread). Kinda of a lazy way of doing things. I guess it is smart, using the same ingredients for 2 different dishes haha. Not really authentic. The youtiao was pretty good.  Kinda hard to mess THAT up since it is just frying dough!Their soymilk tastes like soymilk and the fantuan (rice roll) looked ok but that's hard to mess up too.  Overall for a Taiwanese breakfast place, it's whatevvvss.Service wasn't the greatest either.  We waited over 15 minutes to hand our order slip to the waiter and the tea took forever to arrive.  It seemed like they were understaffed but the restaurant wasn't even half full.. Maybe dinner service would be better but it's not really on my radar anymore.
3	The place was almost empty when we arrived on a Saturday afternoon, only 3 other tables were filled. The service is average and the servers don't seem to speak much English or maybe they are just very quiet. We ordered the seafood chao mian and the general's chicken. It was very good, and greasy like most of the authentic Chinese food I've had. I would go there again. If you're looking for five star butt kissing service you wont find it here, but if you're looking for authentic tasting food its a good pick.
4	Ill agree with the others and say that this place was completely empty when we came in.  but besides that the food here was great!  i got the szechuan beef cause i have a cold and needed something spicy to clear my sinuses.  it came out and it was easily enough for 3 people!!!! my GF got the sweet and sour chicken and it was freaking amazing!  neither one of us could finish our meals.  they only lost a star because of the horrid drink service.  it took them till after we got the check to give us a refill on water  (about an hour).  i understand its because they dont speak english well but cummon!  im coughing my lungs out, give me a drink. that is all
2	On our last visit to Vegas, we craved Chinese food and went to their Chinatown hoping to enjoy some authentic Sino cuisine.  We had eaten here before and didn't have any negative thoughts that prevented us from trying it again.We entered the restaurant at lunch time and the place was mobbed. They had three waiters running to and fro taking orders and delivering food to tables.  It was extended period of time before they came to our table to give us the menus and finally take our order.  We had to ask for water three times.  It seemed like an endless amount of time before our food arrived.  The wine chicken was dry.  The Kung Pao chicken looked and tasted like it was reheated.  I ordered the lunch special and it was supposed to come with soup.  However, it never came and based upon the quality of food here that was just as well.  The special did not include rice so it we had to pay for it. My wife asked several times for the check (in Chinese) and they took their time bringing it.  By the time we finished, I just wanted to leave this place never to return.All-in-all, the Emperors Garden is full of weeds.   As they would say in Chinese, this place is Boo Hao (bad!)
1	We arrived at the restaurant during lunch time (on a weekday).  There were two other customers at the time.  We stood at the entrance for almost ten minutes, none of the waitresses/waiters/manager even bothered to greet us, so we sat ourselves down.  Another ten minutes go by, still, no service.  The waiters are just sitting at the bar chatting.  So I had to walk over and get a set of menus from the manager's table.  After we were done looking through the menu, I had to walk over and get someone to come and take our order.  The food came out pretty fast, considering there's almost zero customers.   I had read through yelp, customers complained about the restaurant over charging, so I checked my bill, and... of course, we had been over charged as well.  When the waiter came back to get the bill, I showed him the mistake, he didn't even let me finish and just grabbed the check out of my hand and walked away with a HORRIBLE attitude.  When he came back, he just threw the bill and walked away.  Horrible service!!!!!!  I was shocked.
4	Today, I was lucky because I went with co-workers who one of them is from the Sichuan Province. He ordered for all of us and got 4 dishes which were all Szecuan Cuisine. He ordered in Chinese and he did not know how to translate in English to us. Please check out the photos that I took for the delicious dishes that we ate.Emperor's Garden is definitely not for the American Chinese Cuisine, which I can see why this restaurant has mostly bad reviews. You will not find Chinese Broccoli with Beef if so, it may not be good. However, the authentic Szecuan Cuisine was really really good and very spicy which I love. I will definitely come back here as long as my co-worker is with me.
2	I luckily was introduced to Emperor's Garden the right way, which apparently is ordering off the Szechuan menu. I have tried and gone back for one dish from here which is the spicy beef in hot broth. I don't know the name of the dish but I ordered asking for the spicy beef in broth in a bowl and luckily our server knew what I meant. It is something only on the Szechuan menu, because when I asked if it was the same as the Szechuan beef listed on the English menu our waiter said no.The beef is sliced thin and put in a bowl along with baby bok choy and some other leafy stuff. That big bowl is filled with broth, lots of pepper flakes, and hot oil; everything is red from the pepper flakes. The spice makes you sweat and want to keep eating more and more, and I made it through half the bowl before feeling stuffed. Very nice heat, with ok flavor underneath it. It seems like the focus is all about the heat, so it's difficult to determine of the food actually tastes good. The bok choy was fresh tasting and a nice complement to the dripping in sweat heat of the bowl. We ordered the spicy beef as a lunch special for $6.50 which included hot and sour soup and a spring roll. The hot and sour soup was ok, as was the spring roll, but they both seemed very generic and plain to me. The steamed rice we asked for on the side was $1, and we got some hot tea with our meal also. Emperor's Garden could definitely be a nice lunch spot, but with so much competition surrounding it, I don't know why it would be a first choice.
1	Worst dining experience anywhere ever. Have to correct our order twice. Food is really salty. Don't bother going there, please!
2	The only place open today before 11. The breakfast menu is very small.Interior: Pretty shabby...Service: Nothing spectacularFood: the green scallion has too much pepper, covering the tastes of the scallions, the soybean milk is meh, the xiao long bao isnt soupy at all...Overall: pretty close to AJ :/
1	Not good at all.
1	My family and I ate at Emperor's Garden on Christmas. Due to the holiday, there were more people there than usual. Because of that, we only got a limited menu that was only in Chinese. Since my siblings and I can't read too much Chinese, we asked for English menus, but they refused to give them to us and just told our parents to help us order.The plates and cups they brought out were visibly dirty. I don't even know how a cup that would only be used for tea could get so dirty. There was also still a significant amount of dishwater left in my cup when I got it. Busy or not, there is no excuse to have dishes brought out like that.When we got our food, it wasn't horrible but it definitely could have been a lot better. My brother and dad both ordered noodle soups and while eating they both found pieces of string in their soup (probably used to tie the noodles together prior to cooking). We complained to the manager, but she just kept using the excuse that they were busy. Speaking of the manager, she was just yelling orders all over the place, across the whole restaurant. It was very annoying and ruined the atmosphere.My parents also kept asking for soup spoons. They asked 3 or 4 times, but we never ended up getting them.Maybe we had this experience just because we went on Christmas, but it was definitely not a good one.
2	The dishware is dirty. I can see leftover soy sauce on my spoon. Cup are also leftover tea marks.
1	This is by far the worst restaurant I have visited.  When you first walk in, you will usually see a big crowd of people waiting for tables.  My first instinct is to to try to get a number to wait for a table as that's the usual routine in most Chinese restaurant.  It took me a while to locate this on woman who seemed to be the boss and I asked her for a number.  She then asked me to wait outside as she was busy doing something else.  More people have walked in and everyone was waiting to get a number from this woman.  When she finally had time to do that, she had no idea which customer was first.  I then got a number and was told that the waiting time would be at least 30 minutes.  She pretty much told everyone else the same thing.  We decided to leave and went to restaurant next door.  We noticed very soon that the crowd has disappeared very quickly as many people did not want to wait neitherThe next day we went back a little earlier for breakfast as they are the  only restaurant that offer soy milk and the green onion pancake and some other kinds of dim sum.  We were told the same thing that the waiting time would be at least 30 minutes despite the fact that there was not such a big crowd.  That same woman kept telling everyone to wait outside of the restaurant and many people left just like yesterday. We decided to wait and in less than 10 minutes, we were seated.  That same woman who was in charge of handing out numbers to people came and gave us the breakfast menu.  She told us that we have to order everything at one time and they will not allow customers to order anything after the initial order.  That seems to be strangest rule in any restaurant.  One of the dish that we ordered was steamed buns and when it got to our table, the buns were cold.  Not lukewarm but cold.  I then took the dish and showed it to a waitress. (It was impossible to get any waiter to come to your table and if you are lucky enough to get one, they will not remember what you asked for and you will keep waiting for nothing.)  I told the waitress that the buns are cold.  Instead of taking the dish back to the kitchen and get it fixed, her first response was, 'Do you want it then?'  So I said no despite the fact that it was the one thing my five-year old son would eat.  We then simply tried to finish the meal and get out of there.  We asked for the check and was told that you had to walk to the front to pay.  When I got the bill, the 15% tip was already included in the total of the entire bill.  I asked then whether this is something that Las Vegas restaurant does.  The guy then just took the bill away and immediately gave me another one without the tip added and left a blank line of the tip amount.  I then asked for some change as I wanted to give him the exact amount and he refused to give it to me.  I decided at that point that this restaurant does not deserve a single dime of tip.  The fact that there was a big crowd often was because there was no competition in that area for that kind of food.  They are getting away with the worst service and I am shocked to see how that woman treated the customers when they first walked in.  She is basically driving customers away.  When was the last time you go to a restaurant that will only allow you to order one time????
1	We arrived at the restaurant during early evening on a Thursday.  There were only two other customers at the time sitting at a corner table.  The female at that table was having an extrememly loud cell phone conversation that we were not interested in. We stood at the entrance for a minute. No one greeted us.  Two Asian males were just sitting at the bar chatting, not paying attention to us.  One had an apron on with the nametag "BAI".  The other one just read a newspaper at the bar.  So I began to walk over and get a menu from the shelf at the rear of the the two males.  I was interested in some spicy Szechuan cuisine. The other two in my party wanted something not so spicy.  The female in our group asked if everything was spicy.  Bai finally interupted us and stated with a sarcastic glare, "the one with the chili (icon) is hot!"We agreed to eat here and told Bai that there were three of us dining.  Bai immediately attempted to sit us at a small table adjacent to the the loud lady on the cell phone.  I gestured to the larger table and Bai asked," how many?"  We said, "Three".  Bai gestured us away from the larger round table, towards the smaller table adjacent to the loud female on the cell phone again.  Bai stated,"you have three, three sit here!"There were maybe 30-40 EMPTY tables in the entire restaurant and he refused to have us sit anywhere but near the loud lady.  We finally told him that we would like the larger table to make room for the many dishes we were going to try.Bai became disgruntled and we sat at the larger table.  As we were looking at the menu items, I noticed that Bai had walked towards the bar and muttered something to his Asian friend reading the newspaper.  Bai then turned around and glared at us.I finally had had it and decided that a sour attitude would probably be present during the entire meal.  I wish I had read the YELPS on this restaurant prior to considering it.I stood up and stated to my friends that it would be of best interest if we departed now since we felt uncomfortable by the ungracious staff.I should have also noticed that no one was breaking the door down attempting to dine in this awful place.All three of us are Asian, so I don't think there was any unpleasantries due to race.We ended up next door at the Capitol Seafood Restaurant where we were pleasantly greeted and respected during the entire meal.  We were even given free desserts, which no one else received that we noticed.We should have waved a $100 bill at Bai as we passed leaving the area, because that is what he lost his restaurant that evening, not to mention this AWESOME review.
1	The place is an EPIC Fail.The restaurant wasn't all that busy when we came and yet, their 3 servers weren't able to bring a menu to our table when we got seated.  Where the hell was our hot tea also?  I thought that was an automatic when you go to a Chinese restaurant?  And then why the hell did it take so damn long for the waiter to take our order, especially since we were right next to a couple who just ordered and we were ready to order then?  Not only that, one of the employees (maybe the owner?) actually sat down on a table next to ours and ate her dinner while we waited for the watier to come by & take our order!  Total BS.It took a while for the food to come out though and I have no idea why.  Our soup didn't come out first, by the way.  Our noodle dish did.  Then when the soup came, the waiter did not scoop out the soup into the bowls.The food itself wasn't bad.  The crispy noodle dish that we had tasted ok (although not better than some of the restaurants in Rowland Heights or SGV).  The sauteed chicken with vegetables were commendable and looked pretty healthy.All in all, I would never come back.  The service was just so poor I would hate to go through the same torture again.  All I did was get all frustrated when seeing what was going on and why it took so long for things to get done around this place.
5	Came down to visit Vegas and wanted to stop by here cause we were told to eat here cause the place was really good now with the new owner. Boy they were right!...i will def recommend everyone to eat here if they want exceptional authentic Chinese food with great service.
3	Good shanghainese food. Their dishes aren't too greasy, which is a pleasant change from your typical Shanghai food.We ordered the beef sesame rolls. Wow, did not expect it to be that spicy! But it was pretty good. The chili oil soaks into the roll and it kind of tastes like a Dorito after awhile. Still good though.I'd come here again if I'm in town and craving some light Shanghai food, for sure. Also, if you write a review they give you 10% off!! :)
4	Richard Pro with another review.I'm astonished at all the bad reviews for this location. Then again, I haven't been here in about four years, so take my review with a grain of salt. As a yelper, I cannot resist putting in my two cents worth.Back in the day, this restaurant was the bomb. I'd come here every day for lunch, sometimes for dinner, and the restaurant would be packed. People would be swarming the hostess, pressing forward like a surging crowd every time a table emptied. It was insane here. People were loud and crazy and it was great. People were waiting in the waiting area in the lobby, sitting on the bar, or simply standing in a huge mass inside the restaurant. Food was always hot and fresh. Their xiao long bao is absolutely amazing and I haven't found a rival in the Bay yet. I typically order 3 batches of those each time. Their bean sprouts and rice rolls with pork floss were quite good too. Food came out slowly, as you can imagine--they were super busy.Four stars. Now, I haven't been to this place in years, and the low ratings disappoint me. I am curious to return to find out if something has changed.
2	Was not happy with this place at all. Took my nephews, who are locals, for lunch here, and was sorely disappointed. I order the shrimp with sizzling rice, and got a very mediocre and slightly slimy concoction, but it did sizzle. We ordered a pu pu platter, and it gets very mixed reviews. the beef sticks were good, the fried wonton tastless, and the ribs looks so dehydrated, we didn't even try them. The sevice was worse than the food. First, they do not include steamed rice with their entrees, so we ordered 2, which never came even after we reminded the waiter we ordered them, but of course were included on the bill. They basically dumped our food on the table and then ignored us. We even had to literally get up and get our waiter for a bill when we were done after waiting 20 minutes to see if he would come around on his own. This place wasn't busy, only 2 other tables with diners at them. there was no reason for the bad sevice except the waiter was more interested in his cell phone then serving his customers. There are lots of other places in Chinatown, give this one a pass.
1	Bad food and service AND they try to cheat you on the tip!I should have listened to other Yelp reviews but I was craving some of the menu items that you can't find in other places.  The food was mediocre to bad and the portions are small for the price they charge.  The soy sauce soy milk had a burnt taste; sesame pancake was hard; I won't go on. When I received the check, the server already included a 15% tip (for lunch) when he provided no service (one of our items never came, teapot was never refilled, had to flag him down for every little thing we needed).  I paid with credit card and on the signature slip, it said "PRE-TIP AMT" next to the total which clearly included tip.  For folks who don't look at their bill closely, they will end up over tipping for non-existent service.
1	Oh no, no-no-no-no.  How could so many things go wrong?While I wore my "asian-service-glasses" to this restaurant (please see explanation in my Boiling Point review), this was just a terrible, terrible experience.  The owner of the restaurant was clearly overwhelmed and she could not muster up any sort of decent service.  I've seen much busier restaurants so I actually questioned her competence plus that of her waiting staff.  Here a few things that happened:-we were told to go sit down at our table...while the previous occupants were still there-no waiter came for a long time after being seated-there was a good 20 minute gap in between courses...-...until we realized that had forgotten multiple orders of our meal (I'm not talkin' about (1) order, more like 6 orders of dumplings, 4 orders of something else, another order of noodles...it was pretty bad-their explanation to their forgetfulness? Sorry we were so busy. Yikes! I've been known to be swayed by food even when there is terrible service, but not this time. The food was bland, sub-par and not even worth good service.  Dishes were extremely oily and the silverware was dirty.  The bathroom had a wastebasket that was overflowing and clearly being ignored.The only good thing was we had a great busboy who was attentive when we needed waters/napkins/etc.  Not a very good silver lining I'm afraid...AVOID AVOID AVOID. There are tons of other restaurants in this plaza.  Go there and never look back.
1	First strike: We order the chinese donut, and 2 main dishes (vegetable and beef)The beef comes out first so we dive right in because we were starving.  About halfway through we ask our server when our other dish will be coming out.  After about 5 minutes she comes back and says "we ran out of green beans, do you want to order another dish"  Um....shouldn't you have checked this when you first put our order in the kitchen?  We decided not to get the vegetable dish and just finish our meal.Second strike:  They put extra charges on our bill.  They charged us for 3 chinese donut when we only ordered one, and they kept the vegetable dish on the bill.Third strike:  On the final check that was handed to me, the total had gratuity included.  Really?  Mandatory gratuity for a party of 2?  Whatever.  I gave them my card and when it came back to me for my signature, it said in BIG BOLD LETTERS "PRE TIP AMOUNT".First off, this is the first place that I've been to where they actually had "PRE TIP AMOUNT" in bold caps.  It's like they were trying to draw attention to it.Secondly, W T F?  You include a mandatory gratuity that wasn't mentioned ANYWHERE on the menu, and now you try to get tipped twice by saying the FINAL amount w/ gratuity is the pre-tip amount???Shady shady.  I won't be coming back here ever again. And if you read this and still end up going, double check your bill.  Who knows how much extra cash this place managed to squeeze out of unsuspecting patrons.Another thing I remembered, they give you white rice without asking if you want it or not, and then they charge you for it.
2	Not bad but nothing special.I certainly would not recommend, or go again!States full bar , but wine was only Merlot or Chardonnay Did not have nay Asian alternatives to offer. Seemed to want to sell liquor!
1	F this shit.  I've been here many times in the past for breakfast, but what a difference 6 months makes.  Bonus: Public Service Announcement.Cliff's:Service sucked, even by Chinese standards.There were hairs on a plate.They served the soybean soup 10 minutes before the donuts.  WTF they're pairs.The soybean soup was clearly microwaved.  How do you know?  The temps were different within the bowl.Portions are way small.Lastly, on the bill, they add in their own "gratuity".  Granted, I know that they do this because China Chinese visitors don't tip - it's even illegal out there, btw.  So, this joint just adds it to the bill.  Nowhere is this posted on the menu or signage.  I ask about it, and say I pay the food and tax amount, and add in whatever tip I want.Can a local please drop a dime on these M-Fers???
3	The service is slow even when the restaurant is near empty.   The war wonton soup was done perfectly.  Shrimp and vegetables are well cooked and of good quality.   The red bean Bao is standard.   My Szechuan whole fish was not spicy enough.   The white rice was fluffy and served hot.  Chinese broccoli in Hunan sauce was perfectly cooked.  The spicy noodles were not spicy.  The food was better than the service.   I would go back but make sure to go during an off-time.
5	My GF is looking for a real old school Chinese restaurant that serves Family Style. This place was recommended to me and I made reservations for Mothers day before reading the Yelp reviews.Im glad I did it that way as we would have missed out on a wonderful dining experience. The three of us ordered appetizers and four meals and shared everything. It all tasted perfect and even a dish I know I didnt like (at other stores) turned out to be delicious here. Made me wonder if a mild narcotic had been added to it.There was two other tables and a party in the banquet room but our drinks were always full and the waiter seeing I was having problems eating noodles with my chop sticks brought us all forks and didn't embarrass me like Ive seen other servers do. It was a wonderful and authentic family style experience but my GF said it wasnt like how she remembered it as a child. If you know of another place in Vegas that does old school family style Chinese food and even includes the MSG; drop me a message Id love to hear about it and put a smile on her face.
2	I will not recommend this restaurant. They used to be good two years ago. I dont know if they change their chef.
2	Horrible, horrible breakfast experience here....please do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Family friend took us here for breakfast and we ordered soy milk, salty bean curd, fried bread stick, sticky rice rolls, egg pancakes, congee, etc etc. The salty bean curd was supposed to be good, but was horrible (lukewarm and tasteless). The egg pancakes were wayyyy too greasy. Fried dough/break stick, sticky rice rolls and soybean milk were alright. Service was extremely slow. They definitely need more helps/servers. Nobody was cleaning the tables after customers left and they keep new comers waiting just cuz nobody was doing the cleanups. Also, it took them forever to come by to take orders and had to wait another day for us to actually get the food.
1	If you decide to eat here, take a barf bag. This may be some of the worst food I have ever eaten in any type of restaurant. We ordered the hot-and-sour soup for starters. It tasted OK, but had the consistency of a light pudding.Next on the list were Spicy Sichuan Pork and Spicy Sichuan Fish, both rated hot, hot, hot. The bowls arrived at our table. The pork turned out to be pork belly--unsmoked, uncured bacon--apparently boiled in grease with a few vegetables added to contrast with the reddish fecal color. The fish, tilapia, was served in another bowl of the same disgusting grease, in which it had apparently had also been boiled.$40 poorer and not sure whether we could drive back across town without having to stop at a few public restrooms we left. The waiter asked if we wanted to take our uneaten dishes with us. We only smiled sickly and declined.
1	This place serves a decent chinese breakfast - the yo tiao are fresh and the dan bing is decent.  Plus, they have this house special rice roll (fan tuan) that has chopped bean curd with vegetable in it, which is pretty tasty.BUT...My family and I went here for dinner and made the horrendous mistake of ordering steamed fish.  The fish tasted like it had been dead for centuries, and I felt nauseous for hours afterwards.  No amount of ginger or soy sauce could cover that smell up.  To make this even more egregious, the waiter had RECOMMENDED this fish to us (it was flounder).  This place may have been good in its heyday, but every time that I've come back, it's only gotten progressively worse.  DO NOT COME HERE.
3	I went here for breakfast the other day.  For typical Asian breakfast place it was ok.  I might just feel that way about Asian places because I'm use to it.  We ordered the soy milk, oil sticks, sweet tofu, Shanghai dumplings, and green onion pancake. The oil sticks were really oily, but that's kind of expected because of the name.  The sweet tofu was tofu covered in this sweet sauce thing which my friend really likes.  I think it tasted better at KJ's kitchen.  I loved the Shanghai dumplings.  I really like it when they're a bit juicier, though. The green onion pancakes were nice and crunchy and flakey.  My friend really liked this place, but he's not use to Asian breakfasts.  This place was okay, and I would come back here again.
2	I was visiting and noted a lot of Asians in this restaurant and thought it would be a good place to eat. It was not expected to serve the American taste because it is very traditionally a northern Chinese menu. My husband had the wonton noodle soup which was very bland but my congee was good with peanuts and salted fish added to bring it flavor. They served a sticky rice concoction that I enjoyed but their Shanghai dumplings were not very juicy and just okay. I could have done better. I would not recommend this place as the service and selection on the menu is poor.
1	Food was bad.  Charges for rice.  Service was meh.  Ordered fried chicken wings.  It came out soggy, nasty, and bloody--was utterly disgusting.  Would not recommend, ever...
1	Yuck!!! This place does not deserve a 1 star at all... I wish I can give it 0. The food was absolutely horrible.The service was average, a little slow for a restaurant that is not busy, the waitress seemed side-tracked.The only reason why we came here was because Mom said when she came around 2007 it was pretty good, but NOW WE'RE NEVER GOING BACK. The food was not worth $75+, what a rip off.
3	Our friends ordered for us before we arrived, so I don't know the names of all the dishes.  We came here for the szechuan food, and for that, it simply was not spicy enough.  Likely,they altered the flavors for the western palette, which is disappointing.  We got the usual fish in chili broth.  Lots of veggies.  If you don't like oil, then this is not for you...actually, a lot of chinese foods would not be agreeable:)  Then there was the dan dan mien.  4/10...not a single note of spiciness.  Other dishes- fresh cucumber in chili sauce- went well with the meat dishes, but nothing speciala lamb with bell pepper dish- 8/10.  Wish I knew what it was called.chicken with bell pepper dish- good texture for the chicken.  5/10Service was quick.  Probably won't be coming back though, since there are other great restaurants in the area.
1	Just update, new  management, maybe new owner.
3	I've been here a couple of times. Last time we went though, the "spicy" dishes weren't very spicy at all... This normally doesn't happen to us at Asian restaurants, especially since I don't order in English. The food tasted decent, and the cut of beef for our beef dishes wasn't fatty and gross like at some places. It's not terrible like a lot of people on here seem to think, but at the same time, there's many better Chinese places in San Fran and Seattle than here.
1	Came to this area to try Noodle Pot, found the place packed with no place to sit, so we walked around to try another restraurant in this shopping center.  Walked in to find only one other couple in this large restaurant.  First cue.... We sat down to dirty dishes and cups, I grabbed clean (i hope) dishes from another table.  Server asked my husband what he wanted to drink, then turned his back on me and walked away... Ok.... saved me 1.75 for a can of Diet Coke, I will just share his.....  Ordered Lunch special, came with egg drop soup, weird gelatinous consistency, and needed seasoning... Chicken with garlic sauce came out, not too bad, best part of meal.  Husbands noodle bowl came out, broth was tasteless which makes rest of ingredients very bland.   So many better places to try... Wont come back
1	EDC weekend, wanted some Xiao long bao's and we yelped this place. Worse XLBs I have ever heard, meat was bland, wrapping was mooshy and each one popped its soupy goodness before it even got to our plate or in our mouths. Also ordered some other dishes, but they were all terrible except for soy milk. Place smelled sour inside, restaurant was dingy. I can't believe anyone would eat here. Worse experience in a long long time.
2	We decided to grab some Taiwanese breakfast on our last morning in Las Vegas.  Now that Vegas has a large Chinatown, I wish we tried someplace else.There's a lot of variety on the menu, and we ordered a lot:.  We had xiao long bao, soy milk, egg pancakes, onion pancakes, and noodles.  Everything came out cold and was very doughy.  Service was almost nonexistent as the servers seemed more interested in talking to each other.
1	This place is a disgrace to Chinese sichuan food. We went to this place to celebrate my daughters birthday and it was a disaster. The food is expensive and no good at all. I ordered crispy duck for $16 and not crispy at all. Ordered the Sichuan crab $40 and Sichuan pork intestine $12 as I said it was a disaster. The waitress and waiter are counting their tips from table signaling each other using their fingers how much they got from each table. Don't know how can this place survive. Sichuan food here is all oil and not even hot or spicy. Wow not even a half star for this place.
1	Don't go! The service is awful and the price is pretty high. Please be careful the amount on the bill before you sign it. They will automatically charge you 18% gratuity without your permission; even you only have three people dining. They should be shame of their service and very high gratuity.
4	I came here for Taiwanese style breakfast and I thought everything was good. The space is on the second floor of the strip mall in Chinatown. The ambiance is your typical Chinese place. Not dirty, not immaculate, Asian style decor, well lit, small and large tables. We ordered the fried dough with soy milk for dipping, the roasted peanuts and anchovies which normally goes with congee but we ate it straight as a snack, the rice ball, egg crepe and soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were average but the other items were good and satisfied my craving. True, their tabletop chili oil is not as hot but I've been told that's the Taiwanese style and I believe there is beauty in every hot sauce. The service was lacking but not horrible. They only had two servers staffed so they did what they could and at least brought the food out promptly. You don't go to Asian restaurants for their smiling service. It's efficient and to the point.
1	I shouldve used yelp before i went into this place. This place seems to be remodeled and claims to offer taiwan breakfast and sichuan style cuisines. So we ordered steamed dumplings and fried duplings, soy milk, crispy duck etc. And these things tasted no thing like chinese, worse than avg midwestern american chinese food. And the bill was add 15% tips dispite i disliked the food. The thing amazed me was there was about ten people waiting in the line most of the time. Use yelp, PEOPLE.
1	We so regretted to have visited this place. We ordered 2 traditional chinese dishes. One is pork on preserved vegetable. The meat is tough which is the opposite what it should be and the preserved vegetable only taste extremely salty. The other dish was Gailan which is so hard to screw up but they managed to do that: the vegetable was tough as any un-cooked over-grown gai lan can be. To worsen the situation was the price. We noticed that similar dishes here sell about 40% more than Joyful Garden which is on next small plaza down Spring Mountain Rd from this restaurant. To make it the worst dining experience for our Vegas trip was their enforced 15% tip on the bill.
1	The food is not good, and the service is really bad. They added the tips to the bill by themselves, which is very rude.
1	The food is not taste good and the price is higher than other Chinese restaurants. When finished, they add the tips by themselves. This is really rude.
1	Richard Pro returns with a fresh review after 6 years of being MIA from this location.As mentioned in my previous review, this place used to be SWAMPED. When I finally returned, it was virtually empty. Unable to resist sampling their changes, I proudly present my updated 1-star review.I ordered what they used to be famous for: xiao long bao. It came out lukewarm as though it was microwaved. There was no soup in the dumpling, and the meat was very tough. One of the worst xiao long bao's I've ever had, to be quite frank.Next on my list was the salty rice roll. This was excellent, and I give them full marks for this. However, it's such a banal dish that it's really child's play.Finally I had the spicy chilled cucumbers. This was absolutely awful. When prepared properly, the spicy sauce is hot and addicting and delicious. When made incorrectly, however, it's just like mixing a cold vegetable with tons of hot sauce. It won't taste good.1 star.
1	This the the most expensive Chinese breakfast restaurant. We have 4 people and we spend about $70 dollars. I was shocked when I see the check. We only ordered about 5 small things including milk and Chinese donuts and the Chinese small steam dumplings which they are already dried inside without any juices and so tasteless.
1	Guess I'm not the only customer who was taken advantage of with the tips. Had lunch with a family member. Food was so so. When we left I wrote an appropriate tip amount (16%). The following when I went to check my credit card balance, the waitress CHANGED my tip to $10.00 when I spent less than $20.00. Ridiculous! This is probably why they are losing customers.
1	The CHINESE Broccoli... Divine The shrimp fried rice. Stale and not fried, more like tossed over a dead flame.The only thing in this concoction fried were the scrambled eggs. even the shrimp were tired and limp.And the prices are NOT worth coming back or ever letting the emperor know you were in his presence.DEFINITELY AVOID at All costs. LITERALLY
1	Ordered over 10 items on both the breakfast menu and the Szechuan menu. First of all, their steam buns were ready-made and re-steamed when we ordered, so taste like shui Mai.... Omg and everything comes afterwards are either too salty or tasteless.OMG this is one of the worst Chinese food I've ever has in my life.
4	I like to come here with my mom every once in awhile for breakfast, before she has to go to work. The food is great (except sometimes its hit and miss). We always order the soybean milk, chinese fried donut (don't know what they are called), pork sung, fried donut wrapped in sticky rice, scallion pancake and sometimes my mom order others items but those are the basic we always get.The service is eh but I don't usually expect good service in Chinatown anyways. lol.
1	Omg!  I just had the worst shanghai steam dumpling and the preserve pork is too salty. I failed to run a yelp review prior to going in.
1	This place is getting worse every time I come here. They now started adding in gratuity even though there is a party of 2. They add it too even if your order is take out. Total fucking bullshit. The service is horrible. The girl working there looks like a fucking bitch who doesn't seem to want to be there so I wasn't happy that I had to pay a higher gratuity then what I would have given.Be warned!Update: My mom called later to complain (same lady that took care of us and added in the gratuity)....and the lady said, next time let me know that you are local and I will not add in gratuity...uhhh what?!? I didn't realize tipping was "required" now. You should be lucky if you get tipped for such horrible attitude/service!
4	This is one of the few times where Yelp reviews have let me down... because I LOVED the food here. I came here reluctantly because of the low rating, but my Aunt really wanted to eat some Szechuan cuisine while we were in Las Vegas. But maybe my low expectations were a good thing, because I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was.Here's the breakdown!*Food:-Pork intestine in clay pot: SO yummy!! This was flavored with a sour and spicy sauce, it was really delicious and the intestine was cooked perfectly. It didn't taste too pungent and it had the right amount of softness. -Sizzling rice dish: Delicious. The sauce was sweet and savory, and I loved how it complimented the texture of the crispy rice. One of my favorites from what we ordered.-Eggplant with garlic sauce: Cooked to perfection! It had the right amount of spice and sweetness and the eggplant was soft with a bit of crisp on the skin.-Szechuan beef: This was okay. You get A LOT of beef, but it was just all spice and salt and lacked that extra pinch of flavor to take it to the next level.*Service: It was a little slow because there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant. He was pretty nice and accommodating when he was serving us, but we had to flag him down sometimes. *Price: Pretty cheap. Around $10-12 for each dish, which is not bad for dinner.*Ambiance: The restaurant is pretty spacious, however, some of my dishes weren't very clean prior to eating and I had to switch them out. But that's pretty typical of most Chinese restaurants, so it wasn't a big deal. So this is one of the few times where I'm just going to have to disagree with the majority on Yelp. The food is great here and they know how to cook most Szechuan dishes just right. *They also offer free wifi inside!!! What Chinese restaurant does that? MAJOR plus!!
3	Ive been coming here for years. Its right in the Chinatown district. The food quality is very high & very good. You consistently get the same quality every time you come here. If you decide to eat in, the restaurant is cozy with ample table room and is a very quiet setting. Service, however is hit or miss.
2	Unfortunately the service here has dropped off in the past few years. Every family trip (about once annually now) we would come down to Chinatown to grab some good eats. In the past this restaurant was bustling full of people, service was quick, and portion/food was great.Seems the prices haven't changed too much but the food quality, portions, and slow service (with noone else in the restaurant) have dropped off. Some of the plates were okay, but most were bland, over-salted, or had enough oil to make a soup out of.
2	The only good thing here is the hot soy milk. But the soy milk was room temp today. Service wasn't so great. Waitress sorta kept ignoring us. The plates and utensils were dirty. Again, try to come here for breakfast only for the soy milk.
5	One Taiwanese lady doing everything except cook. We waited some. Food worth the wait.
1	I would consider my family and I really good critics of chinese food as we have been all over the country trying chinese restaurants.  This week we were looking for a chinese restaurant in the Las Vegas Chinatown area and found this place.  We should have been wise and not bothered when we only saw a few people in the restaurant for dinner.There seem to be only a chinese lady(I think the owners wife) working all aspects of the restaurant.  She was taking orders, getting drinks, cleaning table, etc.  She was all over the place which had us waiting.  Needless to say the serve was extremely poor.  The food we ordered was even worst.  No flavor, no taste.  One of our crispy fish dishes was not crispy and was very soft.  We told her the problem but she didn't care.  Please save your money and go somewhere else.  Panda express is way better than this place. By the way, the owner was having dinner and never bothered to help her, even when more people arrived.  Stay far away from this restaurant.
1	Yaaay! I'm always excited when I get to write a one-star review! Trust me, it is NOT often that I write a one-star, you have to be truly horrendous to get a one-star from me. Well, truly horrendous is the perfect description for Emperor's Garden. Firstly, I didn't pick the place, my traveling book club met there. Being Asian, I tried to be open-minded about it, as none of my Asian Yelpie friends seem to dig this place. I  was pleasantly surprised when I walked in to see it wasn't Americanized at all, actually it's smack in the middle of Chinatown, and the place is just as run-down and stinky as the rest of it (this is not an insult)!The place was packed with Chinese people, a tour company had taken over the place for dinner. Why would Chinese people from China would want to eat here? I have no idea. Maybe the horrendous service reminded them of home? The food was mediocre to bad. The highlight of the night was the eggplant, it was decent. I got the combination fried rice, which was bland and simple, cooked more in the true Taiwanese style than the American style. I tried the Seafood Lo Mein, which was decent, again bland, as authentic lo mein is, but not enough seafood. Nothing about the food wowed me, 3-stars at best. The one-star is because of the horrible service. The place has a full bar and someone in my party mentioned that house wine was $2 a glass. What a deal! She had even mentioned it to the waiter, specifically asking if the glass was $2, and he mumbled something like, "yes, we have it, but it's $3." The other lady at my table said, "I would like the $5 glass of wine, NOT the house wine." Soooo...  the wine comes, and just for fun, everyone tried the $2 wine (I swear it was the two-buck chuck they sell at Trader Joe's) then we tried the $5 wine. IT WAS EXACTLY THE SAME! But we laughed it off. We were having fun and the lady didn't seem to mind paying the extra $2.The bad service came when we got the bill. They charged everyone $5 for a glass of wine. When we complained, the OWNER said that's the price and we have to pay. WTF??? We even pulled up the website to show that the house wine was $2 and we specifically asked when we ordered. The OWNER said that it wasn't her website and she would not honor the price. LOL. Well, the address was the same? The name of the restaurant was the same? I guess someone with a huge vendetta against this place took it upon themselves to make a fake website and sell glasses of wine for $2. HAHAHA. What a bunch of bullcr@p. And the OWNER was getting nasty about it, she was so upset we weren't going to pay the extra $2! Her restaurant was packed, we just rang up a $200 bill and she was upset over the $2! So we did what every vindictive 'Murican does, we took it out of the tip. LOL. Duuuuh... The OWNER then had the audacity to tell us if we come back, we can have a free dessert. Uh... no. They also padded our bill with things we didn't order, like bowls of rice and something else.... but they promptly took it off. Overall.... just a miserable experience in a stinky rundown place. Will not come back.
1	Worst restaurant that I ever eat in LV!!!   They have the worst service and you can't choose the amount of tip!!!   Do not come !!!
5	If you are looking for delicious, authentic asian food, this is the best place to go! I come here for the lamb, but they have so many other options as well. Service is great! The waiters speak both English and mandarin.
3	I came here for lunch on a Tuesday and ordered off their lunch special. 1. Broccoli beef, 7.95- soup- egg roll2. Lunch rice, 50cfor $10.13- 2nd floor. Seated and ordered quickly. Received food less than 10 min. - I was surprised that I had to pay for lunch rice! haha. Felt like some kind of hidden fee. Maybe bc I can't read Chinese? I assumed that a lunch special was going to be all on one plate. My mistake. They did give me way too much rice for one person. This should have been shared. - Broccoli beef was fresh and tasted good. - My soup had a huge serving spoon in it!!! xD! My spoon is tooooo big. lol - good soup. average egg roll. - I thought I was going to get tea, but they gave me water instead. I actually had to ask if I can get a drink. fail. - Come for lunch for more than one. Not just one.
1	For Taiwanese style of breakfast.  The  seasamebaked bun is as hard as a stone.  Disappointed!
1	First of all the portion of the food definitely does not equals to the price they charged, food was okay, don't expect the service is any better, you serve yourself, at the end there is a 15% mandatory tips.
1	We ordered two main dishes,it was like they double the salt for one and didn't put any for the other. They also forced a big tip without providing any service.
1	I hate writing one star reviews but this place is so awful that I need to warn those who are foodies like us.This should get a negative star if available.We had a party of 18  and was so excited that they seated us so quickly.  However we can not order because all of our group have not arrived. What the f@ck??????    Why seat me? We have 7 kids with us and they served us only their diluted tea. My sister asked for water for the kids at the beginning when seated....waiter shakes his head yes,yes..water for kids. Finally my Asian time family has arrived now we can order. We put in our order for all kinds of dishes, ma po tofu, string beans, fried rice, fish filet, stir fried veggies, steam flounder lastly....Water,please, kids thirsty...waitress took our order and yes, yes water.15 or 20min later the food came...salty!!!!!! all of it...and no water for the kids. we walk over to the same waitress, to ask for some water for the kids..eating salty food. Again shaking her head "yes, water..kid..water."We finished eating our food and still no water husband got up to ask for water Finally 2pitchers of water came....wait for this....no drinking glasses....wish I knew some mandarin or Cantonese or what ever the f@$k this $hit hole speaks. They even made my sister pay full tips. Nasty people. Never coming back.
3	I don't think food is that bad.Just a bit greasy and salty.It is pricey though.The waitress was very nice and friendly.They open until very late so if you are hungry around 10pm.. this will probably the only place you can eat!
1	The service is horrible!!! They do not give any utensils for the dishes. The waiters attitude is bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Holy shit this place is hilarious. The food is overpriced, the portions are tiny, and the taste is too salty. The only upside is that the food came out pretty fast but only 3 parties were here. Don't come here
1	If I could pick no stars I would. First off the lady who greeted us was very rude! She told me to wait outside with my 6 month old in the cold and wind! Then when our table was ready she pointed to our table that wasn't still had the people before us food still on the table and said "go and take care of your baby", no she didn't take us to out table. After 10 minutes of sitting at the table my father in law got up and got a waitress to take our drink, appetizer and lunch order, yes all at once. Still took another 10 minutes to get our drinks. Food was okay nothing special. The guy plopped the food on the glass and walked away, didn't say a word to us. Seemed like we were bothering him.  Waited for refills and our check way too long. Didn't seem like we had a certain waitress, because nobody came back to check on us. Will not be back here ever. If you want rude people then this is the place for you but I'll be going to the delicious seafood restaurant on the corner, that place was delicious and the owner comes out to talk to you. I recommend that place well over this place.
