5	Great all you can eat menu! The chalkboard specials are delicious-brie quesadilla and tuna carpaccio.  A good variety of rolls here, we came here quite a few times for lunch. The quality of fish has been fresh and tasty every time we've gone.  They seem to have a good ratio going b/t sauce, fish, rice.  The garlic tuna is out of this world! AYCE includes dessert but one day they had limited choices for dessert as they ran out.  We got stuck with a homemade soy cheesecake-not to our liking.  They have a stamp card.  The place is small and can get busy.  Lot of parking though b/c it's in a strip mall. I think they're open until 12am but haven't been there in awhile.
4	I'm a bit sketchie when it comes to my sushi in the city of heat!! So I meet some old friends to celebrate a bday so we all decided to do all you can eat, which was very reasonable (24.95 for dinner). The sushi was really good they have this seared garlic tuna which was really tasteful. ohhh ohhh and some other favorites would be the volcano roll and the dynamite roll. The service was awesome. The two servers stay on top of taking orders and clearing the plates and keeping the refreshments flowing. The only down fall would be the ice tea. It served from a syrup box and didn't really taste very refreshing. But I'm easy to please as long as they keep the sushi coming.
5	If you're looking for an All-You-Can-Eat sushi place in Vegas, bring your $22 and get over here. Everything, that is EVERY THING on the menu is included. Not like some other places that have special/limited AYCE menus... this includes appys, specials on the board, back and front of the menu. Seems foolish to not do AYCE here. I have to say, their sashimi roll is my total favorite, but everything I've tried there was great. Healthy and worth the $.
4	Hadn't hit up a sushi buffet in a while and a friend told me this was her favorite one.  Whenever I go to one of these places, my main goal is eat more than I spend there.  All the menu items, even for the buffet, have prices so I try and order the most expensive ones to make sure I get my money's worth.  So it was $50 for me and the wife along with some drinks came to about $90 including tip.  We ended up eating a little over $100 worth.  I know the prices don't mean anything since its a buffet but it makes me feel better for some reason.  I am all about the made to order sushi buffets.  No more Makino/Todai crap for me.  This place was great.  The restaurant itself is a bit small but nice.  I also noticed that there were more Japanese people eating here than at any other sushi buffet I've been to in Vegas which must say something for the place.  The fish didn't blow me away but it was all good quality stuff.  Its pretty comparable to Sushi Hana sans toro.
1	This place is HORRIBLE! I wish I could give it 0 stars, as that's what it deserves. I've tried numerous sushi places in Vegas and this takes the cake as the absolute worst. We visited for all you can eat dinner and ordered our drinks. The waitress brought us our drinks and disappeared. The Diet Coke was almost entirely syrup and the water had a awkward taste. Still, since that's somewhat common, we attempted to order food and enjoy the meal. Each of us (3 people) ordered rolls and some edamame and waited...and waited and waited some more. After 50 minutes they had brought us ONE roll. Should have known to leave right there, but we were trying to be kind (as they seemed understaffed) so we pressed on.About 20 minutes later most of our rolls had come and the only way to describe them was mediocre; the shrimp was tough, spicy tuna had an odd texture / wasn't spicy at all and the crab in the Cali rolls tasted old. Again, we should have left but my friends didn't really want to cause a scene.Finally (after 80 minutes) the final dish of our first order came out, something with beef. Anticipating some sort of Kobe Beef roll (think Roys) we dug in, but the meat was obviously burnt and overpowered the rest of the roll. The waitress finally came back and while we were deciding whether or not to try and order more, we asked her to take away the roll. She simply said "I won't" and walked away. Confused, I demanded she take the plate away as it was crowding the table. She informed me that we hadn't eaten the whole thing and were violating the all you can eat rules. Now while I am aware of those rules (very common) they are there to prevent people from being wasteful, not to force your customers to eat horribly prepared food. The sushi chef attempted to tell us that "since it was our first time he would ignore it" but this was the last straw. I informed him that there wouldn't be a next time because his food was horrible and his service was rude. Avoid this place!!!
5	I'd be VERY Leery of Single-Visit, Single-Review yelps.As an Ex-Local, Brian's Beach was and still is one of our favorite Japanese restaurants in LV.  How much do we like it?  Let's see on a recent URGENT trip to LV where we had to drive over in the morning and leave in the afternoon, the ONE place that we had to make time for in that highly compressed time frame was Brian's Beach.The service has always been exemplary, the food has always been excellent.  Our favorites include, the seared tuna tartar, Dynamite, the grape and bree quesadilla (WTF? uhh yeah, MUST TRY) and their assorted rolls and appetizersOne great bonus about this place is that the AYCE rules aren't limited to just the rolls, but also apply to the appetizers, so if you have someone with you that doesn't dig rolls, they can stick to the great appetizer menuThe ONE thing that I personally dislike is that the Seared Tuna tartar is limited to one order per guest.  - I can't blame them for that though, it's an expensive dish and I would seriously just chow down on a dozen plates of that if I could.
3	I like the concept of all you can eat when it comes to sushi... I can and have easily eaten 100s of dollars of sushi just on my own.  The common problems with AYCE is the fish is either cheap, they limit the time and then serve too slow or to make the price affordable all they give you is rice.  But since I am in the land of buffets and AYCEs I would give sushi another try for All-you-can eat.Brian's Beach was the first on my list based on you lovely YELPers and a couple of other random sites I checked.  The restaurant is pretty small with a couple of tables and a curved sushi bar.  Seating is quick and food comes out FAST!!  You can order ANYTHING on the menu for all you can eat including interesting appetizers and desserts.The menu is not huge by sushi bar standards but is isn't too shabby either. Gems include Tuna Poke, Gyoza (dumplings), and standard fish (tuna, salmon, yellow tail), the sweet shrimp (with deep fried head) was tasty and the head was fried perfectly.  The items I haven't enjoyed have been Uni (sea urchin) tasted way too fishy and squid (way too chewy).  The rolls as a whole were not that great.  Some had WAY too much rice and there wasn't a huge selection.  Dessert was OK just your standard mochi, ice cream or cheesecake.  Be aware there is a charge if you leave 3 or more pieces left on your plate (not too unreasonable).Why 3 stars you may ask... well I would have given it 2.5 but that isn't a feature to yelp.  I wrote this review based on two visits to this restaurant.  It wasn't bad the price was OK and the service was quick.  The problem I ran into (which haunts all AYCE places) is the amount of rice.  As for my issues with the Uni... buyer beware when it comes to high end fish at low prices... that and I am an Uni snob.I continue my quest for good AYCE sushi hoping there is a holy grail out there....
1	customer service  - poorpresentation  - goodatmosphere  - poortaste  - goodThis WAS one of our favorite places to go. My boyfriend and I went pretty often to where they actually knew our faces. Last Saturday we went and brought three friends with us. Long story short- they handed me a plate of food at the bar my boyfriend and I where sitting where the corner of the bar turns. I offered my friends to my left a roll, as they where still talking to me I went to set my plate down and I thought I felt the table there but by mistake I dropped the plate on the floor.The chefs made a horrible face at me. My boyfriend and I went to pick up the pieces and after a min nobody coming to clean up the mess my sister saw how bad I felt and came to wipe up the mess. Nobody offered to make me another roll even though I knew I'd be charged for the ones I dropped (and was fine with that)... they never offered to replace it nobody came to clean it up and they actually acted really angry at me for it. Considering we all spent a lot of money there before this, as well as that evening, you'd think they would realize what a mistake that was. I am a paying customer I didn't do it on purpose. If we wouldn't have been having such a good night I prob. would have made a bigger deal out of it. Instead I'm just writing this review. I really liked this place up until last week. We'll be looking for a new favorite sushi bar now.
4	This place is great. Brian, the owner & sushi chef is very very friendly. The wait staff is attentive (always one waitress when we go) but she is quick to re-fill drinks, bring us appetizers and clear off plates. In my personal opinion I think the sushi here is very fresh and we always get the AYCE option. They don't rush you out the door with time limits like some other places & there have been times that we have left several pieces of sushi and did not get charged for it. My favorite is the Big B roll. My husband and I or my friend and I eat here at least twice a month.
4	Went there the other day for all you can eat sushi for lunch and I must say I was impressed. I quite enjoyed the appetizers tuna poki, Brie and grape quesadilla, tuna capaccio, sashimi roll wrapped in daikon, and of course the sushi was good.  When I come back to vegas I will definitely stop by here again and you should too!
5	Best AYCE sushi i have had ever! I used to live in Vegas and ate here all the time. Now I live in LA and no AYCE compares. Midori on ventura blvd? Hell naw that place doesnt stand a chance against Brians Beach.I've been to Japan about 15 times in my life so please dont question my judgement on sushi. This place is no Asanebo but for AYCE it gets no better. While in Vegas go to Brians Beach.
4	$25 for all you can eat sushi, appetizers, and dessert. I think $21 for lunch.Service was great, sushi was oh so yummy!, dessert mochi and ice cream and $5 for large hot sake that tasted sweet to help seal the deal!The salmon was sooo good! it was like butter melting on my hot frying pan of an tongue.  Scallop was intersting taste and texture.  Uni is always yummy.  Halibut, imo, tastes better cooked.   They do, however, limit the amount of uni and sweet shrimp to about 1 per person.  For the first time trying out Uni, I thought it was interesting.  For the sweet shrimp, have the head fried, it's soooooooo good, way better than the shrimp itself haha.They have a good selection of rolls, fried/snow crab/regular/handroll/special/ and something else I forgot.  I think the only roll I didn't like was the one with Calamari in it, too much sauce and it didn't mesh well.  From the app list, we had the seaweed salad (yummy non-typical tasting seaweed salad), cucumber salad, beef teriyaki, salmon poki (not that much salmon, but still good) and the baked mussels (really well done).The red bean ice cream didn't taste like normal red bean, but still very yummy!  Don't try to eat an entire mochi ball, it's pretty big haha.Other places recommended to me were Sushi Factory and Tudai.
5	I dislike buffets and all you can eat places because the quality seems to just fall flat. Then i go to a place like this and it makes me think that maybe you don't have to sacrifice quality for all you can eat. Then you have all you can eat sushi and normally you would sacrifice variety. Not here at Brian's beach, the selection is huge and they don't go skimpy on the fish. There is a very good nigiri section and rolls section so take your time and enjoy. The one appetizer that you should not pass up, get the grape and brie quesadilla, it's exactly how it sounds and it tastes wonderful.
4	Ugly location. Good sushi. Great value. Good service. Not very busy, which means short waits.
1	Absolutely terrible service. I went here for lunch with my brother and gf on a Sunday afternoon and it was outrageous. There was only one waitress working the entire restauratn. We waited 20 mins to sit down, which wasn't bad, but once we sat it took the waitress 20 min to take our orders...and then she only brought 1 of the 3 rolls, one salad and we had to then remind her twice about the other things we ordered. Our drinks were never filled and it took them forever to do anything. I wish I could say the rolls were delicious but they were full of rice with hardly any fish. Not worth the price or the hassle...
5	I love this place! One of my favorite sushi restaurants. They have all you can eat sushi, which has a variety of rolls that you can choose from. The prices are not bad at all rolls range from $6 to $15, all you can eat is only 25 for dinner and 21 for lunch! However, the place is really small so if your going to have a big party it may take a while to get a table.
2	I felt like I was at a tofu restaurant, not a sushi restaurant. Food:The sushi seriously tasted like tofu, no  flavor. I probably tasted more of the rice, than the sushi. Maybe my taste buds were really really REALLY off that day, but I doubt it. No toro that day. Uni was decent.  The saving grace about this place was the non-sushi items like shrimp heads, oysters, gyoza, and dynamite. The most interesting meal of the day was the tofu cheesecake. Trying to cram an unhealthy cheesecake into a healthy food like tofu just boggles the mind. Not bad, but I wouldn't order it again.Service:No complaints here, just nothing stood out. Felt like I just went there, order got my food, ate it, paid, and left. Didn't get the same good vibe from the staff like I did at Naked Fish, Raku, Hikari, or Sushi-Mon.Price:$22 for lunch from 11:30am - 4pm, $26 for dinner 4pm - 11:30pm. This is the going rate for AYCE sushi in town. If you're coming for lunch, you can pay for dinner price to get the Uni and sweet shrimp + shrimp heads. Worth the extra $4.So if you don't like sushi, but want Japanese food come, to brian's beach SUSHI. Otherwise, go to Hikari or Sushi-Mon instead, they aren't too far away.
4	After waiting for so long to go to Brian's Beach, I found that it was yummy. Their sushi rolls do NOT have an overabundance of rice, like a lot of AYCE sushi places in the valley. My favorite rolls are the Kimmy Roll, Ninja Roll and the Big B Roll. The best part about the Big B roll was that the shrimp tempura inside the roll was still warm and crispy not soggy. I would also reccomend the mussels as it is not oozing out pounds of mayo and the ahi tuna poke. For the most part, I enjoyed Brian's Beach, but be prepared to wait as it is a small Mom and Pop shop.
4	Brian and his staff are very friendly.  The quality of the sushi and other dishes are fantastic.  I highly recommend the tuna carpaccio, it's AMAZING.
3	sushi cravings are unstoppable.I saw that yelpers gave the place a good review and stopped by for dinner.I ordered the baked salmon roll and tropicana roll to go. I noticed they had an all you can eat deal for 24.99 which is what most places offer right now. After waiting what seemed like 25 minutes or so (prob. the baked roll), I went home in eager anticipation to taste the food.I was disappointed with the baked roll as it was smothered in mayonnaise.The tropicana roll had a slice of sashimi on top, yet I didn't taste the freshness. If I run out of sushi options, I may try this place again, but in Vegas, there is a sushi restaurant on every corner, so to my next adventure I go.
5	loved it here!  one of the best sushi ive had...   top notch sushi for all u can eat..   i will  make it a point to always come here when i go up to vegas!
2	I went here for lunch after reading reviews on here that got me excited to go.  I ordered a lunch special for $11.95 which had teriyaki salmon & chicken, tempura vegetables & shrimp, 3 pc tuna sashimi, 3 pc sushi - tuna, shrimp, yellowtail plus I ordered a side of Halibut. I feel terrible about this but it really wasn't all THAT great. I've definitely experienced WAY better.  In all fairness, I did not order any rolls.  It seems most of the better reviews mention rolls.  I will probably try this place again - just to give the rolls a shot; but until then, Brian's Beach Sushi gets 2 stars from me.
5	I've been coming to Brian's beach for the longest time the sushi is always great the staff is friendly. I love the quality and balance of the sushi I've tried other places and this one quality is what keeps me coming back again and again. I recommend you try the mountain roll, paradise roll, Denver roll, but ask for the sauce on the side this gives you more freedom to add to your liking. Also don't forget to try the tofu cheesecake for me is my all time favorite dessert and it is the perfect end to a good dining experience.  Yeah I know that there is other sushi places out there that do a great job of serving some good sushi but Brian keeps the quality,flavor and balance always consistent, fresh and delicious.FYI  their is a Brian and he is usually making the sushi I enjoy each time.
4	Dined out here last night with a group of friends and my boyfriend for the first time. I thought the staff was really nice, and the speed of service was decent. We each had the all you can eat sushi for $25.95...and it was well worth it. The rolls were all a good size and the tuna carpaccio was very delicious! I would recommend this place again to my friends!
4	This is my first time here and my first time having ayce sushi. My friends say this is the best sushi place on this side of town so we went at 10:30pm. We had an hour to eat and order. We actually ordered too much and were trying to finish all our food. The food was pretty good and I adore the Almost Fire roll. :)The main thing I didn't like was that they did put a lot of rice on the rolls. I feel like I'm being screwed over. Especially the rainbow roll.
3	Without Yelp or recommendations, you would never stumble upon this place but it is a nice, hidden gem.The staff is friendly - I recommend sitting by the sushi bar and asking what is fresh.We enjoyed the uni, ikura, and mackeral.  The mackeral was probably the best I"ve had in years.  I wish the salmon pieces were a little bigger.Fried oysters were yummy and I forgot to get the tuna carpaccio (based on reviews) - FAIL FAIL FAIL. But i will be back (prob in a few days) for Round 2!
5	I had a craving for sushi on my recent trip to Vegas. But I wasn't willing to spend serious $$$ for it. So my boyfriend suggested this place.$20 for all you can eat sushi rolls? Count me in!I devoured about 30 pieces of sushi. I felt like that guy from Man vs Food. I ate until I could eat no more.My favorite were the tropical and mountain rolls. Large rolls and very filling. The spider rolls were amazing as well. I can't remember every roll (since I tried many), but I must say that I was very impressed with this place. I hit the sushi coma that day, but I was willing to go back the next day!Staff were very friendly as well. Small amount of tables, so it's best to come in a small group or sit at the bar.
4	Sushi-Mon is the yard stick to which I measure all other sushi joints in LV. But Sushi-Mon's recent price hikes have caused me to seek out new sushi frontiers. Enter: Brian's Beach. Pretty comprable. BB's lunch menu is just a little less costly than SM's. Both places do all you can eat. I believe dinner was $26 for AYCE. I calculate that I can eat roughly $52 worth of ala carte, so AYCE is most definitely the way to go ... for myself. Bf and I (aka the Power Eaters) began with three orders each of the hamachi (yellowtail) and sake (salmon) and two of the hirame (halibut) with shiso (Japanese mint). The nigiri were all smaller than I'm used to. But this was totally a good thing because taste great, less filling! The hamachi and sake were both tasty, but lacked body; a little bit too much give in the texture of the fish. The same goes for the hirame. Although for the hirame, that wasn't a bad thing. I'm used to getting really stringy hirame. For the record, I'm not well versed in hirame and don't know the mark of good quality for hirame. I just know what I like. Normally, I would say smaller portions is the devil, but for AYCE, the opposite is true. Smaller portions are less filling, thus more variety is possible. Brian's Beach is good for this reason. You can order half rolls of most anything, save the soft shell crab rolls. Phase II, the gaijin rolls. We got Sam's Volcano, Almost Fire, and Kimmy rolls. All good. We also tried the baked green mussels. One order is five pieces. That shit should be illegal. Phase III, we also ordered the white tuna, which I thought was amazing, but bf thought it was just decent; ikura (salmon roe) with quail egg; saba (mackerel); They have Sapporo and Asahi, sake, and a few wines on hand. The place is small, prolly just big enough to accommodate 20 heads. The service was great and our sushi chef was very available. I ordered the Homemade Tofu Cheesecake, but it "wasn't hard yet" (It ain't easy), so I defaulted to green tea ice cream. I'd say I've found my southside sushi mistress. I think fresh fish in Las Vegas can be such an inconsistent thing that to fairly review a sushi joint (just in the realm of QUALITY OF FISH), you need to go back a few times. So I'll be back. A few times. Next time I'll ask for toro (fatty tuna, the bacon of sushi). I always get hungry when I write sushi joint reviews. Yelp will be the death of me. Death by Yelp ... * off the strip, non-casino
5	Brian's Beach you've done it again! Brian's Beach is still on my top places to eat sushi. That being said the rolls are O-SO-Satisfying. They do half orders on most rolls so hey that is a plus to me. I say the more you try the more your out for an adventure through sushi land. Triple S is my all time favorite roll! If you like a kick in your sushi you must try the Almost Fire Roll and if you feel you need to try something out of the ordinary the Twist octopus roll is your way to go. I highly recommend eating AYCE if your a sushi eater and love to take your adventure of your taste buds of sushi to the next level. Lunch is $21.95 and Dinner is $25.95. It is totally worth your money...trust me! As for the service is was excellent, the servers filled up my drinks and the Chefs are so friendly.
4	Friend of a friend recommended this place.At first glance i wasnt sure this was going to turn out good. There's a huge commercial sized dumpster almost blocking the front of the place so from an approaching angle all you see is the dumpster. The dumpster belonged to the hydroponics place next door.The AYCE for dinner was 25.95, tea was included as well as some limited ice cream or mochi.I thought the menu was a bit limited compared to other AYCE sushi joints but the size of the place and having only a handful of staff it made sense to keep the menu to winners only.Anything that had slices of green onions i either took off or requested they not top off with, mainly for the reason that the green onions werent fresh, they were dry and a bit wilted. One big disappointment is their lack of a seared tuna dish. I asked and the waitress kind of understood where i was going and brought back what she took as 'cajun albacore' pretty much lightly seasoned albacore sashimi on rice with ponzu sauce poured over it. Nothing like i was expecting so i stopped asking.The Dynamite they did a great job on. Possibly the best i've had in vegas so far. My buddy ordered it i tried a few pieces and it was pretty...dynamite...Things i'd recommend:Dynamite, Green Mussel, Cucumber Salad, Kimmy Roll, Ninja Roll, SSS Roll, Tiger Roll, Elephant Roll, Sashimi Roll, Tuna Carpaccio (i call it the tuna salad)
5	I had meetup group event there with my Sushi Group on 22nd of Nov.Table wasn't ready for the moment..when I already made a reservation..so I was kind of upset a little at first.But they made the table soon enough and kind of understood the only one waitress was working..because it was on Monday.When we start ordering the food..it was quick and good.Waitress and Sushimans are really kind.I can't believe we were there for 3 hours...lol :P Even tho there was time limit..they didn't kick us out..:P I can tell that they were trying so hard to give us better service since it's a big group of us.I really liked food there and had great time with everyone!
2	I was really hoping to like this place for my AYCE sushi since it's close to home and the reviews seem decent (although there aren't many of them)...but I'm sad to say I won't be coming back again.There were 2 items that I liked, ahi poke and the baked green mussels.  I thought the ahi poke was presented really well and I enjoyed the crunch that the chips provided.  I probably should have ordered 2 of them and forget all the unmemorable rolls we got....but it was my first time here and I wanted to try everything.  The mussels were good too, but if you slather enough yum yum sauce on anything, it'll probably be good so it might not be saying much.As for the rolls, to be honest, I couldn't tell them apart once they reached the table.  Everything looked the same and shared many of the same ingredients.  All 6 of us agreed that all the crunchy fried rolls were not very good....it was fried so you couldn't really taste the fish inside to tell what kind of fish it was or whether it was even fresh.  As for the other rolls, they were just ok.  I wish they had told us or advertise how many pieces a roll came in because we all assumed the usual 8 pieces.  By the end, we were trying very hard to finish all our food.As for the nigiri, I only tried the salmon and tuna.  They were ok, not bad and not that fresh.The service was ok.  There was only one waitress and I thought she was fine but I can see why the others in my party did not think she was very helpful.  My brother thought she seemed kind of pushy in having us order everything at the beginning so she didn't have to come back.  Usually we do order little by little during AYCE so we don't over-order, but she had us order a lot and only came back to take our dessert order.  Also she missed one of my orders.  I only know she did because it was the only half order of a roll that I selected and everything that came was way too big to be half an order.  I didn't bother to speak up about it because I was kind of glad she did forget it, I was tired of eating mediocre rolls.
4	It took for ever to get my food even though there was only two other people in the place, pet peeve.. BUT when the food finally got there I did not even care! It was so fresh! So good! if it was not so far I would be there every week, but for food this good I just might travel.. The brie and grape quesadilla..amazing! So if you go, lemme know I will tag along!
3	Rice, rice, Baby! Vanilla Rice, Rice baby!Insert applicable soundtrack here:___________________Whoa! This place is quaintly situated inside of an unassuming little shopping center. I came her upon recommendation from a friend who said it was their "favorite AYCE" sushi place.On this particular Monday afternoon, Chef Brian was there to serve up some of his sushi creations. OMG! Talk about a RICE overload! I've never seen so many rolls with sooo much rice. Don't get me wrong, I love rice more than most people (it may be cultural, no doubt) but they just got carried away with it! My date and I found ourselves asking for "light rice" rolls (which they didn't really accommodate), as it just got to be overwhelming. They use of eel sauce got to be a bit cloying, and sashimi was conspicuously missing from the AYCE menu. Hmmm!We looked behind the sushi bar and saw the culprit right there in plain view: the world's LARGEST rice cooker. It looked more like the cement mixer they may have used while constructing the City Center property. Brian decided it would serve a loftier purpose for over-ricing the masses @ his quaint little sushi bar. Really, Brian?! Is THAT much rice REALLY necessary?! Perhaps it was (saves money on fish!). The fish wasn't the freshest in the world despite the fact that we were dining right ON the beach (Brian's beach, that is). Honestly, the whole "beach" theme began and ended with a large plastic fish that was hung on the wall that looked more like an anatomy chart of how to identify a FRESH fish (sorry, but I'm thinking they may have needed to re-read the wall didactic). All in all I was pretty disappointed by my rice overkill sushi. The hot sake was a great deal, though, and it was pretty darn delicious The servers and Brian were all VERY friendly as well. I really loved the service here, actually.And now I will leave you with a song (as sung to the tune of Vanilla Ice's "Ice, Ice, Baby!")Alright stop: collaborate and listen! Rice is back because Brian went fishin'. He decided to make some sushi rolls, but I'll tell you one thing the rice is outtta control.....Rice,  Rice Baby!p.s. Best items on the menu: seared tuna carpaccio (nix the mayo), Ahi poke stack, and--of course--the Hot Sake!!
4	Definitely some of the tastiest sushi I've had in the valley. The place is a bit small, so if you don't like waiting it's better to arrive earlier. And it's best not to come in a party larger than four. I've witnessed many people and large groups waiting for a LONG time outside during dinner time.The AYCE is a good deal here. A wide variety of many tasty dishes.
5	This place was smaller than I expected, but we didn't have trouble getting a table on a Friday night around 6:30.  I am still fairly new to Vegas, and came here with some friends who have tried many sushi places in town and said this place is their favorite.  For the price and the quality of the fish, it can't be beat. I was amazed that for an all you can eat sushi place, I can order anything off the menu, even appetizers and the special items like sea urchin.  Plus it included dessert, which was a way to end the meal.  I don't think I can go to a regular sushi place now after going to Brian's Beach because you get so much quality sushi here for your money!
2	Checked out the beach last night with a couple of friends. Had high hopes after reading reviews on yelp. The service was ok for having one waitress with four other tables there and 5 people at the bar.  On appearances alone without reading the reviews I would of been a little worried about the quality of fish, but it turned out to be safe. Brian's beach is that movie you watch cause you've heard good things about and while your watching your waiting for that scene or plot that's going to make you want to watch it again and tell your friends that they we're right about it but, it never came. Each roll tasted like the last and by the end nothing really stood out. Its not that its bad but its not that its good either.I even asked my friends the next day to see how they felt, and it was the same, wasn't bad but wouldn't go again.I'd probably leave this one off the list if I were you because if its not good enough that you'd want to eat it again why eat it in the first place.
2	Does anyone know the difference between fresh quality sushi? Perhaps, everyone is settling for a quality of AYCE sushi in Las Vegas that is redundant to a fishy pallet who thinks that is what they should call a Fresh fish. Raving reviews of this place and my verdict is OK! Quality was kind of disappointing! Some nigiri's were fresh, but most were fishy. A sushi chef in Japan once said, "Nigiri and salmon roe is not supposed to taste fishy, but fresh and soft like butter! When it is fishy, it has been sitting around for a while"The ORDER:Appetizers:Shrimp Tempura - this was good.  It was crispy and no excess oil in sight.Fried Gyoza - It was a little soggy.Tuna Carpacio - One of my favorites, although too much sauce but all the flavors were just right for me to click...LikePoki - I did not like this at all. I appreciate the architectural tri-level presentation but the taste was too much tomatoes and lacked the taste of poki tuna which left my mouth asking...is this pico de gallo? Sesame Chicken - Not bad. Crispy on the outside but a little chewy in the middle. I am not sure if I really like it or if I am just interested in the contrasting texture.Baked Muscles - I agree with an existing review that I recently read it is way too much mayo sauce.Nigiri:We paid for the dinner price during lunch price so we can have the uni, ameibi and toro. No luck just like all AYCE venues, they are always out of TORO! Salmon - Good and fresh.Yellowtail - it was fishy...dislike!Tuna - This was good. White Tuna - 1st order.... it came with the sauce (which bothers me because I like to taste the freshness of my fish and I wondered why it looked a little pink for a white tuna). So I ordered another without the sauce and it looked & tasted like their fishy yellow tail. Isn't White Tuna supposed to be white?? Uni - not bad.Ameibi - This was sweet and tasty.Red snapper - I requested with jalapeno on top. At first they forgot to give me the order and then when I had it...I kind of regretted the order.  Snapper was dry and chewy. Pepper was small and wrinkled.Fried Shrimp head - all shrimp heads taste the same so this was good! Rolls:Dragon Roll - I am not into rolls, so I can say it was OK.NOTES: There were a lot of rice on the Nigiris and allow me to provide a picturesque description. The rice looked like the back of miniature Uhaul Truck....rectangular, thick and boxy!    Would I come back here? As I have mentioned before, I am always in a challenge to seek for the AYCE sushi that is better than Xtreme Sushi...I always enjoy the fresh quality and small rice of nigiris at Xtreme Sushi and still haven't met it's match or better! Sorry Brian!
3	I had a hard time deciding which places to go for AYCE sushi-- Brian's Beach Sushi or Hikari?!? Based on the menus (from pictures), I noticed that Brian's has a larger appetizer selection, similar list for sushi, and tons of rolls. In contrast, Hikari has a limited overall menu, but have sashimi (and its AYCE). The bfriend and I are more of a sashimi type of people, but I figured, I really liked the idea of variety and choices so we opted to go to Brian's. We were hoping that the variety will be tasteful and has quality that it will justified our decision. We came in, and I knew exactly what to order for appetizers-- all the recommended items from other reviewers, of course (i.e. Seared Tuna Carpacio, Ahi Poke, Sashimi Roll, Green Mussels, Deep Fried Oyster, and etc)! Tried them, and honestly, none stood out; none was soo tasty that I would crave for it once I leave. In addition, we ordered 2 specialty rolls and 1 deep fried roll, and none of them were memorable. We also ordered sushi-- it was okay; it just didn't hit the spot. Brian's Beach Sushi is the place for you if you are a roll person. This place has an extensive list of Specialty Rolls, Shrimp Tempura Rolls, Soft Shell Crab Rolls, and Deep Fried/Baked Rolls. If you are a sashimi person, then you should go elsewhere (Hikari). The appetizer lists was decent, but none made an impression on me. But they might for you.AYCE sushi$22 for lunch from 11:30am - 4pm,$26 for dinner 4pm - 11:30pm.
5	I have been eating at Brians Beach for a few years. It is a small sushi shop, privately owned. The service and attention is usually very good and the quality of the fish is always top notch. They have a al-you-can eat menu option for about $25 where they make everything to order for you. I find this to be one of the best menu options because it includes appetizers and deserts. My wife and I love this place! It has been my favorite sushi experience in Las Vegas thus far.
5	In my much younger youth day, I had met a guy on facebook and decided to have lunch with him.  We decided to meet at Brian's Beach Sushi.  I know, I know ya never know who could be a slasher, rapist, serial killer, axe murderer.  I figured that because he was Filipino, it wouldn't be too bad.  Worst he could do is have a pilipino aksent.  Because of him, I found to love this place and met a great awesome person to befriend.  Still friends to this day.Whenever I'm here I'm always given wonderful service.  The servers are always pleasant, kind, and patient.  I've been pretty lucky with getting nice people.I agree when the reason why people come back to a place is because of the employees who greet the customers with all smiles, prepare the food, and serve the food.Because of how convenient this location is to everything I need to get done on a daily basis, I often come here to dine for lunch.  Mostly, I'll just get their lunch special - Salmon and California Rolls.  Nothing spectacular, just the simple lunch I need to get me by through the rest of the day.  It is the simple ingredients that make the best food.  Their salmon is always fresh which is what I love.  I hate old salmon and can't stand it.  Some restaurants will serve old salmon, and you can tell because there's a foul smell permeating from the food.  :/
4	On this side of town, this is probably the only place I'd go to for AYCE sushi. Come to think of it, I'm probably going tomorrow with a friend since it's close to where we live.From all the times I've been there, there's only been one server. Therefore, if it's busy, you're gonna have to be fighting for the waiter. It's always the same waiter, too. I guess they only have one waiter?If you want fresh and stuff, this might not be the place for you in terms of quality and stuff compared to places like Sushi Twister.However, I really adore the Almost Fire roll here. I'd mostly just only eat nigiri at other places, but I'd always order this roll here. I'm excited to have it tomorrow, actually :0D.Until my next visit there and if any significant update is needed, I'll be sure to update my review!
2	I am sad to report this restaurant may have been good at one time but I went there tonight and it was not good at all.  I went in around 8:00 pm and they only had 5 people at the bar with 2 sushi chefs and 1 server.  they had all this open table but the server only gave me the smallest table they could find since i was only 1 person.  it was my first time there so i did not know if the service would be fast or slow? so I ordered as much as i could at that particular time..  First I started with the apps which was:fried oysters which was too much panko and the oyster its self was small so all I could taste was the breading and not the oyster.Poki Salad: I thought it tasted like salsa and not poki.. but then again Poke means cubed in hawaiian so I let that go.  I did however think that they did skimp on the tuna coz I couldn't even taste any tuna in there.for sushi I ordered:Tuna - it was the frozen kindYellow tail which was good since they served me the belly part.Salmon - It was good Red Snapper - It wasn't snapper.  It was Talapia.  I asked the server if it was Snapper or Talapia and he told me that it was snapper.  so I ordered it.  then came out Talapia. Unagi (Eel) - it was bad to the point that it was spoiled. I put it in my mouth and then I spit it out.  I told the server that it was spoiled and all he said was " so you didn't like it".  No one even came to me to appologize.Octopus - Chewy and warmSquid - good but not greatTamago - sold out which says that the chefs are lazy at that restaurant. since egg is the cheapest and one of the more important netta at a sushi bar since that determines the quality of the restaurant.Tekka maki - no flavor.Natto - warm and no taste.the one bright spot for the meal was the sushi rice was made very good.  not too mushy and not too hard.  Since the rice is the most important  ingredient to sushi.  because Sushi means " Vinegared Rice".  I'm sorry but I do not think I will be back to this restaurant every again.  Also I only spoke english in there but I also speak Japanese and I could over hear the conversation that the chef and server was saying and I can hear that they were bad mouthing me.. So I would say becareful what you say cause someone might know what they are saying..hehe
4	My husband and I love this place. We tend to go for lunch at off hours so our service is always really good. The servers aren't going to win a personality prize, but the food comes out at a reasonable pace. You won't get much of an atmosphere, since it's a really small place in a strip mall, but we go for the AYCE sushi and service and always leave pleased.I'm not  a sushi connoisseur, but i have been to enough Sushi places to know if it's decent or not.  To my husband and I, everything seems fresh. We recently went to Osaka and Brian's is much better! Brian's AYCE menu offers a really good variety of aps and rolls. My husband gets mostly Nigiri and it tastes pretty fresh to me. I like the rolls. I will agree with some other reviewers that the poke stack is lacking ahi. I've been here about 10 times and I just noticed yesterday, that it was mostly tomato. I have had it before and it was great, but yesterday I noticed the difference. I will say, they always accommodate our requests for the baby and they don't try to charge us for a small bowl of rice or have a problem if we share some of our food. So for that alone, they're great. Saki is also really good.
2	The sushi here is not very tasty. Every kind of sushi we ordered basically had 'California Roll' in it. I got a Spicy Tuna Roll and the Spicy Tuna looked artificial and not normal. I've tasted much better sushi at other places.
5	Hubby and I love this place. It's small and quaint the service is excellent.
4	There are a LOT of all you can eat Sushi places in Vegas, Brian's Beach is the best.  Great value for the price, $25 for AYCE... and it includes appetizers and deserts, not many places do that.  2 reasons I'm not giving this 5 stars though.  Their alcohol prices are a little steep.  And as good as it is, it was better a few months ago.  I don't know what changed, maybe a new crew of Sushi chefs?Anyway, great food.  Garlic Tuna is one of the greatest things I have ever eaten in my life.  Also go for the Tuna Carpaccio (without mayo, eww) and the Almost Fire roll.Just a side note here, I was finishing the review and there's a section for "good for groups" in which I said no.  This is a really small place, keep that in mind.
3	Who knew that a beach-themed sushi bar could dish out some good sushi.  This place is a quaint stop for some AYCE sushi fair.  At $21.95 for lunch or $25.95 for dinner, you get more than you pay for.  Their entire menu is AYCE, but if you want the ama ebi or uni, you pay dinner price for your meal.  Still, the portions were good, the temperature of the rice and fish were perfect, and the sushi was yummy.I'd definitely stop by again.
3	****Take-out review****I was close to giving this place two stars but I reconsidered because not everything was that bad...I think.The bf called in our order for pick-up and the lady told us it would be ready in 20 minutes. So we said great, sat back, put a movie in and 21 minutes later we were on our way to pick up the order. The bf got there, paid, I sat in the car, and waited. And waited....and waited. Mind you I was sitting in the car right in front of the place, and I pretty much could see a lot of things going on in the restaurant-- including our food being made by the sushi chefs, boxing it up, and handing it to my guy. So after waiting an additional 10 minutes, we finally headed home to feast on our dinner. We ended up ordering the sushi dinner which came with nine pieces of sushi and eight pieces of CA rolls, and miso soup.The good: eel, salmon,California rolls, and most certainly the miso soup ( it was hot and yummy, probably the best part of the meal) The bad: avocado in the rolls were not fresh and very mushy. The ugly: speaking of mushy, I can't even begin to describe how bad one of the sushi was. It def wasn't fresh, it smelled funky, and when i swallowed it, I felt nauseous. So would I go back? Yes, maybe not for a while though. I have been to this place numerous times before but don't remember much about the experience so i could def give it another shot regardless of how bad that piece of fish was. Although I do think that it was pointless to call an order in for a pick-up just to find out that they make it when you get there. Maybe they have trust issues? Thinking one client might not pick up their order? Or because it's sushi and they have to make it right then and there? Whatever it is, I'm not going hold it against them, I'll just probably dine in next time.
4	heard of this place through my boss. we decided to try it and we loved it. sushi/sashimi is always fresh. great service.
3	Small neighborhood sushi joint.  Everyone there was very friendly.  The food was typical.  We tried the double-D roll (soft shell crab with cream cheese, eel, avocado).   The soft shell crab was already cold and soggy by the time it was brought to our table.   The rest of of the meal was ok.
1	What a disappointment!!! Tried this place bc my fav sushi joint wasn't open when I had the craving. My fellow Yelpers have been quite trustworthy so far, but I'm afraid I was "deceived" by the sooooooooooooo unworthy-4star rating this place had. What's going on Yelpers???We were there for early dinner so only 2 tables were occupied. Service was not friendly at all, from the Chef to the waiter and waitress. Most importantly, the fishes weren't fresh and most of their rolls are terrible...simply terrible with just too much sauce to cover up the bad smelly fish. Brian, if you are gonna put your own name as the restaurant's name, then plz represent your name more proudly with something ppl would wanna remember you by...plz consider this as a constructive criticism bc I don't "lash" out  for no reason.
3	Good place, but i was kind of annoyed how my friends got there orders way before i did , and i ordered it right when we walked in i was starving and they take a while to decide what they would like to order , spicy mayo , is just straight up mayo and spiracha which was weird because i have always ordered it at diffrent locations and its actually there own take on a sauce not a blob of mayo with spiracha on the side -_- , eel sauce was alright , there rainbow roll was delicious and eel roll , my friends were also happy with what they ordered which was arizona roll , crunch roll , and a caifornia shrimp tempura roll , it was good over all , but im a sauce person , and they were clearly lacking in that =]
4	Best sushi I've had! The tuna carpaccio is my fave on their menu, although everything that I ordered was good. Their edamame is warm, the fish is fresh, and their green tea ice cream is delish! Only down side is that, although the sushi is AYCE, you would assume their dessert is AYCE, too.. It's not. I went here for my first time in 2008 and the dessert was AYCE. I came here again last month and they changed it. You can only order one dessert selection - either ice cream or mochi. :( What if I wanted one of each? It is suppose to be AYCE, right? That's fine tho, I didn't really mind that much bc at the end of my meal, I was pretty full.Defintely order AYCE... it wouldn't be worth it if you just ordered 1 or 2 things from the menu.
1	We decided to give this place a try because the Yelp reviews looked promising.  We love sushi, but if you develop a favorite spot and visit often enough, you start to know everything that you are going to order before you eat.  I wanted to try something new, so we gave this place a try.  We were hopeful to discover a new sushi spot, however this would not be the case.  First of all we waited about 20 minutes just to get a water and a hot green tea.  We didn't receive our first orders until about 45 minutes later.  The venue is small with 2 sushi chefs, but there weren't many customers there at the time.  They were extremely slow and took breaks to watch tv while we were waiting for our food.  We didn't get everything we ordered because they forgot, but it ended up being ok.  They added a ton of rice to all of their rolls and very little fish.  We ended up getting full on rice without getting to enjoy what we came for.  When I asked the waitress for the check she cleaned 2 more tables before bringing the check.  Disappointing.
1	I've been to this restaurant over fifteen times, they definitely have the best sushi in Vegas!! With that said they have THE WORST SERVICE OF ANY RESTAURANT I'VE EVER BEEN TO.I haven't reviewed them until now because I am torn about what to say. It is one of my favorite places to eat, because I value the quality of the food over the service. But, every time I go I leave angry just because of how rude or inattentive they are! But I keep coming back because of the food...I've recently been going to other places because all the waiters at Brians Beach will try to steal from you regarding their tip. One time I had a table of four people and they added 20% tip, I didn't notice so I ended up tipping on top of that which was a lot of extra money! Another time they added the twenty percent on top of my tax, which is definately illegal! I tried to correct them... But they said thats how they do it.....Another time they added the tip to my bill unmarked to try and get me to tip on top of it..... Moral of the story ALWAYS CAREFULLY CHECK YOUR BILL WITH THESE PEOPLE.I wish I could give them two reviews.Serivice is a zero, if any place made sushi like them i'd never go back.Food is a 5! It ALWAYS keeps me coming back...
4	The soft salt-breeze licking at your skin as you turn another tethered page in your book.  The clouds gliding swiftly across the blue, as if they were sliding on a pristine sheet of ice.   Is there anything more tranquil and wonderful than a relaxing afternoon at a white sand beach?  While the only thing close to a beach you'll find at Brian's Beach Sushi is the sandy-colored walls and some beach-themed decor, and the fish I guess, you'll leave feeling just as satisfied as if you spent a day at that perfect ocean paradise.  For $27, you can enjoy the AYCE dinner menu.  This includes much more than your average AYCE menu.  The Towering Tuna Poke for example, is a generous and impressive way to start the meal.  The fried garlic chips that accompanies the tuna in this dish adds a masterfully delicious note to an already wonderful flavor profile. We also had the Gyoza which was lightly crisp and flavorful without swimming in oil.  Definitely give these delectable dumplings a go.  The roll selection is vast and creative, more so than many other AYCE places in the valley.  Everything I ordered was fresh and prepared with a careful hand.  The freshwater eel and the red snapper nigiri were so great, I'm drooling a bit just thinking about them.  (Not really......ok maybe a little)  The best thing about Brian's Beach Sushi is the relaxed, "beach" attitude from the staff.  We were told to take our time when eating, offered recommendations, and that if we left a little bit of food on the plate, it's no big deal. Take that other AYCE places filled with bad service, silly time policies, and boring menus.
5	Best AYCE sushi place west of the Mississippi!!! Well that might be a slight exaggeration, but I've planned trips to Vegas around this place. Fish is fresh and the menu has items not normally found at AYCE joints. Highly recommend the tuna carpaccio and ahi tuna poki tower. They use a lot of Anago sauce so if you don't like sweet with your sushi make sure you get it on the side. Also give the homemade tofu cheesecake a try...pretty good IMO.
1	My boyfriend and I tried this place about a year ago, had a terrible experience we waited  over an hour for two rolls and the place was not even that busy. Food was decent but not worth the wait. We decide to give it another try last night BIG mistake, the fish tasted old and nasty. When we got home we both had terrible stomach aches.
5	How odd, I thought I yelped this place by now. Anywho . . . This place is so delicious. I wish I was still living in Vegas to continue to come here. If I ever am in Vegas again, I will definitely stop by here and bring my family and friends too. This is by far my favorite all you can eat sushi places in Vegas. The sashimi roll, the tuna capacio, the towering poki tower and the list goes on and on. It's a little taste of heaven. I feel like I'm going to be dreaming about it tonight. lolBrian Beach Sushi does 1/2 rolls if you want to try a variety, however, I usually do the full roll because 1/2 is just not enough for me. The place is a little smaller and intimate, so if you come on a busy night, be ready to wait a little while. But it is so worth the wait. SIGH why not open up one in the bay area cali =p
4	This has been my favorite Sushi place in Vegas with the wonderful all you can eat option.  Warning:  this place will have new management in the new year.  They seem very nice.  I will give it a chance to see if the quality at least remains the same.
4	One of the best AYCE (all you can eat) sushi places in Las Vegas.  I would rate it a 5 but there are a couple things you can only order one of which of course taste really good and the expensive stuff (Carpaccio, Towering Tuna and a couple of others).  Then again at least they let you order it.  They have tons of delicious rolls, different types of sushi from Toro, Uni, Hamachi, etc.  Well worth the price!
5	Our favorite sushi restaurant in all Vegas valley!!!!! Truly authenticate Japanese sushi place and no stinky customer service attitude. Sushi is of high quality, great casual atmosphere and great customer service plus the All-You-Can-Eat value is awesome! We love this place and wish we lived closer.
4	I dont understand how I missed this spot after 2 years living in the southwest. Went for the first time today for AYCE sushi. Went for early dinner (5pm) so service was fast and helpful.  It was delicious. Nigiri menu was spot on. Super fresh. As with other AYCE sushi places, I really dont remember what I had besides the nigiri. But really enjoyed every plate and the overall experience. The stand out was definitely the fresh nigiri. The appetizer, ahi tuna carpaccio, was delicious too. AYCE is a REALLY good deal at $25. I think I might be hooked.
