3	Meh.  Between standing in line with the throng of people over at the convention center's food court and this place, well, it's close, but I'll tip my hat slightly in favor of the Paradise Cafe.  If you have other options to throw in, you'd probably be better off.  I had the Prime Rib Sandwich here, and usually you can't get this medium rare as the meat used for sandwiches are usually the leftovers from what wasn't served up as Prime Rib and the reheating cooks it through.  Although I didn't specify how I wanted mine done, I got medium rare.  Interesting... Taste was ok.  I did get a tummy rumble a few hours later that I didn't appreciate.  I should've told them to nuke it.
1	I kind of hate this place. It had bad service. We received bad service. The server/bus tandem we got stunk. We didn't really know who was supposed to be our server until the lady popped up from out of the blue. The funny thing was all the other tables were getting really good service. They were pleasant and you could actually tell what tables were being served by who. My girl friend had a grilled chicken sandwich, but when it came out, it was a little soggy. Seemed like the food was left sitting for a while. Also, we had water and lemonade. I was pretty thirsty, but I only got one fill. The manager had to come and give the refill, not to mention bus our table. Anyway, the reuben I had was good, but could not cover up all the other mishaps during this vist. I'm going to mail in the comment card about this experience. Hopefully they fire those peeps from the staff. They could actually hurt business.
1	I hate this place.  The food is expensive as hell and sucks.  If I were to order the usual ham, eggs, and toast - I might as well drop by Denny's.  Heck the selection there is large and food is much better than this sh#t hole.  Service here is crap, except for one waiter who stepped in when everyone else walked by us, giving us the "someone will be right with you."  Yeah right, bullshit.  The egg is soggy...I don't get how the can't scramble an egg right.  And the ham was just bland.  I can be quite lenient when it comes to what I eat compared to others, heck I enjoy eating at Denny's unlike some of my friends.   But this stuffy at Paradise Cafe was just horrible.  Tried some of my friends french fries: bleeh.
4	I liked this place so much, I went there twice. I wasn't even staying at the Hilton, 3 of my friends were. Their Greek Salad is delicious!! The only thing it's missing cucumber and tomatoes (who doesn't put tomatoes in a salad??) Anyway, it's HUGE..you might wanna share with someone. I got this each time I was there. There were about 7 or 8 of us, and all of our food was good, except the person that got the chicken sandwich, he said it was kinda bland (we were eating off of each others plates..lol). On my second visit, I got a spicy bloody mary..also delicious!! If you're ever at the Hilton that is way far away, haha, go to this cafe.
4	this place deserves more than 2.5 stars. The chicken fingers (aka Eagle Wings because they're huge!) are so delicious, especially after coming back from the club. They're a little expensive, but really what isn't in Las Vegas? this is definately the spot to go to in vegas.
2	Came here based on convenience and hunger since we were staying at the Hilton. Coming here reminded me of when I used to go to Circus circus buffet as a kid, with all the cheesy decorations, and slow, I'm-in-no-hurry vibe. Prices were decent, though still between $10-$15. I split a blueberry pancake platter and an omelet. We weren't allowed to do any substitutions (eg. change the toast that came with our omelet to pancakes even when we were willing to pay an extra charge). Anyway, 2 dishes with more than enough food for 2 people. Came with some crispy hash browns on the side, and the omelets were pretty big. The pancakes came in 3's, along with PLENTY of butter and syrup. My friend's southwest salad looked pretty good, and big too. Our server was this older lady, and she was extremely friendly and liked to joke around with us. But she looked frail to the point that I wanted to help her carry the dishes over. She looked like a hard worker though. I'd say although the food and service were good, the place was pretty average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's good if you want a nice, quiet meal.
2	Stopped here the other night because it seemed to be the only restaurant open in the Hilton at that time...  All in all it was a satisfactory experience.  Although service here was about as cold as the ice-cold Blackjack dealer that took $60 from me in under 10 minutes...  One member of my party ordered a chocolate milkshake at the very beginning, and after ordering our meals a waiter showed up with hot chocolate, we said no one ordered it so he left.  He returned a couple of minutes later with a large glass of chocolate milk.  Much to his chagrin, he was rebuked again.  This is when my starved friend kinda flipped out because she was angry with herself for possibly not speaking clearly.  We kindly calmed her down just in time for an actual Chocolate Shake to arrive.... Pfew!  I would not have wanted to be the waiter that brought out a wrong order for the third time....  Never get between a hungry woman and her food....To get back to an actual review, the food was decent.  I got the Philly Cheese Steak, and it was your standard sandwich that tries to be like the delicious delicacy from Philadelphia but never really gets there. The prices were pretty cheap for Vegas, and I was glad to walk away with a less than $20 check.
3	Got in late and all the other restaurants at the Hilton were an hour wait (1 star for all of you!!). I guess it really wasn't that late...   No wait in Paradise for a lonely guy.  They had Octoberfest going on so got Wienerschnitzel with sauerkraut and potato pancakes.  It was fine.  The hostess was awesome and served me a couple of times at the bar area.  Breakfast tomorrow - paradise.
2	Paradise Cafe, in vegas?.......More like, a battle of dim witts!Well our midnight feasting adventure started with a seating extravaganza from frosty-the-hostess, whom by the way closely resembled the ice queen from  the lion the witch and the wardrobe; and my mother.  She sat us next to a table of hip-hop rag-a-muffins that were booth-booty dancing to loud music via some mp3 type device and sucking on crab legs.  Not wanting to disturb my fellow dinners from a good time im sure that was well deserved,  I asked the hostess for more comfortable accomodations and "frosty"  pushed the two - 2-tops together and stated, "there that should do it" in a flo from Mels dinner kinda way.  I complained again b/c  The combination of Sade and Beyonce was nausiating and we were were finaly moved to a more dining appropriate area.My partner orderd canadian lobster and prime rib for 20.00.  They only had well done prime rib, so she ordered a steak. she said it was eeeh  ok/goodI ordered the medium-rare ribeye and shrimp combo for 16.99.  here is the quick:Food - fair.  2 stars shrimp was good my steak was well done and i              sent it back 2nd was medium and covered in some horrible             brown goop that resembled mushroom gravyservice - good - server took appropriate action, and revieved a nice tipambiance - well err none..... except for the entertainmentconclusion - Don't go unless your stomach is sucking the spinal fluid                       from your spine
2	While the food was not expensive and the service was very good, the food just wasn't very good. The decor is also dated, having that 1970s tropical feel to it.
2	"Paradise Lost Cafe" would be more appropriate.  I did not see Adam or Eve and I most certainly did not find a muse and I wouldn't go so far as to say that beelzebub works in the kitchen but it just wasn't that good.  Ok, all those references may be lost on anyone that hasn't pored through John Milton's book or at least the Cliff Notes but there it is like a broken marine mammal sadly marring a beautiful beach.Skip it.  Even for late night munchies it didn't fill the bill.  Chicken fingers like overgrown kid's meal nuggies.  Blah.
2	Better than Denny's but that really isn't saying much. The staff is very attentive, a meal can be about fifteen minutes depending how quickly the food is eaten.  The menu is better than Denny's. All casinos have a place like this there is no avoiding it, late night drinking or gambling leads to these type of place.
2	Good food but extremely slow service. Also the whole " drinks only waiter" routine is quite annoying.
2	This was definitely heading for a 3 to 3.5 star review while I was eating.  Then the service really went down hill.  They became quite busy early, but we got there at 5 when they opened.  Ordering was pretty prompt - it should have been faster with the fewer people then, but it got worse.I had the Southwestern chicken salad.  It was really good.  Lettuce with chopped tomatoes, cheese, some tortilla strips, and best of all, lots of jalapeno slices mixed in with the dressing.  It gave the salad zing, and it was really good.  My wife had an omelet, and she enjoyed that although he didn't order a side of bacon.  Rather, she gotten bacon pieces mixed in her omelet.  He also forgot to order the guacamole.I did have a fantastic dessert - the mile high chocolate cake.  I posted a photo of it.  This soothed my feelings for awhile.After our meal, the waiter didn't bring the check.  After 15 minutes he finally appeared, but he forgot to remove the amount of my comp.  Then he was gone for another 10 minutes with my credit card before reappeared with the corrected tab and my card.I have had some good meals at this coffee shop including tonight, but service was lacking so much that it comes in between 1.5 and 2 stars so I'll round up.
4	Surprisingly the food was good. My chicken quesadilla was huge!It came with a pink tortilla and marinated, tender chicken. I found the Paradise Cafe a little pricey but whatever, it's Vegas.Service was kinda glum. Prompt but glum. We ate at 9pm - sorrythe other dude had such a bad experience. We were there the sameday. Mohammed was my server.
3	If you're stuck at the Hilton or have midnight munchies this is a good place to stop but I wasn't very impressed. I got the Mac and cheese and my sister got a veggie burger. The burger was actually pretty goodand was a huge portion. It's probably the only thing that made this a three star rather then a two star rating. My mac and cheese was horrible. It looked amazing at first glance and the first few bites even had me raving. But I quickly found there is such a thing as two much cheese. The sauce, which I have decided tasted like Alfredo which they just dumped a ton of shredded cheese in, was so rich that I ate maybe a quarter of the dish. I am a total cheese lover but this was just ridiculous. Plus there was a bad noodle sauce ratio, ifthey just added more noodles and used less sauce they could probably off set how strong it is. Service was not great either. Hostess and bussers were friendly but our server was borderline horrible. I mean we had to ask for waters about three times until another server finally brought them to us. He was overall just unfriendly and bad at serving. For price and quality if you're lazy this is fine but I would rather just hit the strip or something.
2	Came to Paradise Cafe during CES for two meals - post 1am late dinner, and casual business lunch.  Neither of which were good experiences, so I wouldn't recommend anyone coming here, unless you're in a pinch and just needed food in a hurry, or nothing else is open.  Both food and service was below average.For food, I had the California Turkey Burger at night, and the Southwest Chicken Salad during the day.  The turkey burger tasted off.  The meat has a strange taste, unlike other turkey burgers i've had.  The avocado tasted very stale and lacking.  The Southwest Chicken Salad was OK if you tell them to go very light on the sauce, so that they don't drown it.The service was very slow.  They weren't rude or anything, but just took a very long time to get anything around here, after asking for things.
2	I would give this cafe 1-star, but the servers brought us mimosas from another restaurant for breakfast even though they don't serve mimosas. That single effort earned them an extra star.We arrived here on a Sunday morning at about 11 a.m. just before breakfast ended. The limited menu doesn't offer much. Basically you have: omelets, fruit, pancakes and a few unhealthy breakfast staples. Everything is way over-priced. A side of 3 small sausage links for $4.50? Seriously? The non-alcoholic beverages were the cheapest thing and the only item I felt was worth the price tag. I ordered the Ranchero Huevos and was presented with stale corn tortillas, dog food meat, undercooked black beans and some lettuce. It was not anything like other RH dishes at authentic Mexican restaurants. I wasn't expecting true authenticity but at least something palatable. I picked at it for a minute and decided to drink my breakfast instead. One friend ordered buttermilk pancakes with a side of sausage. She only ate about half of the pancakes before tiring of them. My other friend ordered an omelet with 2-extra add-ins (at $1.80 a pop) and finished most of the hash browns and about half of the omelet. She said the omelets she makes are better. Aside from the less-than-stellar food, the service is severely lacking. When we sat down, no one was seated around us. We ordered our food and by the time our non-alcoholic drinks had arrived there were 3 tables around us enjoying their hot food. I don't know how we got skipped over because we didn't order anything weird, but by the time our mediocre food arrived we were starving. This was especially strange because we literally had 4 people serving us. We had someone taking our drinks, someone getting us mimosas, someone taking our order and two people deliver our order. We didn't actually know who our server was to be honest. Had we known we may have complained about the quality, the tardiness of our food or the fact that we were never offered refills on our "bottomless" beverages.Then to top it all off, our bill was enormous for the little bit of food we ordered. It was the most we had paid for food all weekend. $98 for three meals. That's an expensive cafe breakfast. We could have eaten at a nicer restaurant on the strip for that much and we would have been more satisfied.
3	Popped in for some lunch with old friends.  After browsing the menu, I decided to go for the Trio of Sliders, which are 3 Sliders (BBQ Bacon, Mushrooms, and Regular).  It comes with a small side order of Fries.  Since I wasn't paying for lunch, I forgot to get the price.....I think it's around $9.The food came out after a short wait.  The Sliders were OK.  My favorite was the BBQ Bacon Slider.  The other two weren't that great.  The Fries were just OK.Overall, it was a nice lunch with friends.Return Factor - 60%
2	This is fuel, not food. Large portions of Denny's style food. Service, OK. Food, OK. Should have been three stars, but for the long wait in line.
3	Chicago dog is like crazy!!!  Try eating this and not having anything fall off of it!!! I dare you.  Good price for size especially for vegas prices...
1	Unless you have no other options, don't come here. The place looks old and dirty and the food is NOT good. I had the taco salad which was basically iceberg lettuce, canned olives, dried shredded chicken and one scoop of guacamole and sour cream. Ick! I rather go across the street to the 711 and grab a bag of chips and beef jerky.
1	Service! Service! Service!I COULD NOT FIND ANY....
1	we grabbed a smaller breakfast at the paradise cafe since we were leaving the hilton that morning but a bit hungry.  not recommended cafe food.  we ordered eggs benedict to share.  i think that portions are big enough for two people since the stuff isn't that healthy.  but the lady at the next table did finish her meal...she didn't need to be any more obese than she was.calculated how much it cost for them to make our meal..one english muffin, two eggs, some hollandaise sauce, and hash browns.  it's about $0.50.  costs us about $13.  the server did not ask us as many questions as he did to the tables next to us because they each ordered an entree and drinks.  we could tell that the server treated us differently because we shared an entree.  what if we were going to order more food (if we found out it was good...which it was not) ?  don't come here if you have other options...  1.5 stars.  the service knocks it towards one star, not two.  we wish we had left the hilton to go to the strip for a bite to eat.
1	I received a phone call from my Middle School, they want their hamburger patty back. Oh, was that lettuce? I thought it was carpeting under my Kid Cuisine Chicken Strips.
2	Not too much for a gf person to have here. I had a salad.
4	I've been going to Hilton for years and only now I found out this place really existed. Always thought that it was mistakenly put an the map. Really does give you the feeling like your in paradise, beach and waterfall painted on the wall, fake tropical trees and plants, bright and cool, lots of fans. All that was missing was a pool, light rain, and the sand. Down to the food, we all had their land and sea combination specials for around $16-19. Where you choose the land (prime rib, rib eye, or a third choice) and the sea (shrimp, lobster, or crab legs). The crab legs and prime rib were both thick pieces, the plates were huge i don't any of us finished more than half. Don't suggest the shrimp route unless you really want shrimp, for a around a dollar more you get maybe 6 crab legs instead of 3-6 grilled shrimps. Portions were good but kinda lacked flavor even salt and pepper. Also could have used some gravy on the mash potatoes. Their 10 oz angus burger also looked tempting, starts at around $11. Their Giant Grand Slam Sundae for around $8 sounded tasty, oversized sundae made with choice of ice cream, topped with hot fudge, strawberries, whipped cream, walnuts, and cherry on the top. Service was good, explained the special, got our drinks refilled and food fast, napkins, etc.
3	it was ok.
1	2 words. Food poison.Was in town last week working the MAGIC convention. I had dinner here the night before the big opening day. Mini burgers with bacon. My friend had the turkey burger with bacon.For the next 48 hours we were in pain and to spare the details, in the restroom every hour. Had to be the bacon.Regardless, never again. This place is awful just like the Hilton.
3	Paradise Cafe is nothing special but hits the spot as kind of an upscale or Paradise-themed Denny's or other American coffee house type place.The service is friendly but don't think you can sit around and sip coffee all morning. The hotess with short white hair will ask you to move on if she feels the tables are turning fast enough.
1	Very dissapointing.  Service was very slow, and they insisted on self-tipping themselves 20% for takeout!  I walked out on principle.
3	This is likely to change soon as the property has changed hands and is likely to change hands again. From the negative reviews, I think people expect too much from a casino diner. The food is mediocre and overpriced, but that is true at almost all the Las Vegas hotels. The food here is fine.
1	I got sick.. so it wouldn't be fair to review my meal.. I either ate something way to heavy for that early in the day or it was the food but it was a good burger overall.
4	One of the better places to grab a bite to eat off the strip. Great meals at a reasonable price and I haven't had a bad meal here either.
2	This place isn't bad, but it isn't great either. The only reason I stepped foot into this place was because it was the closest place to get "real" food around the Las Vegas Convention Center North Hall.The omelette here isn't that bad actually. If I do for some reason have to eat here, I would just stick with this. I've tried the fried shrimp and though it was tasty, was getting really salty torwards the end. The fries are just ok too, definitely frozen and not cut at the restaurant.The ketchup sitting on the tables needed to be cleaned too. There was a good amount of old residue on every table that I sat at, 4 or so times in a week.Only come here if you really have nowhere to go. I would recommend just going to the Pizza Hut where they serve personal pans just 5 minutes away
2	Mediocre and overpriced about covers it, as another reviewer said. I had a bad experience coming into Vegas but got to the LVH and needed dinner, so hit the Paradise Cafe- my taxi driver actually recommended it. Upon seeing the prices/selection, I almost left to try the buffet instead, figuring I'd spend about the same amount, but I'm bad with portion control and figured the quality would probably be less, so I stayed.It wasn't particularly busy, and despite the name and decor had a distinctly diner-esque feel to it, for some reason. They had a seafood special going on, so I opted for the $7 ceviche appetizer and was decently surprised at the portion- though more tortilla chips could have been served with it. Glass contained about 2 cups, mixed shrimp and scallops, and was alright. It would have been more appropriate served with lime slices rather than lemon, but the taste wasn't bad and the fish was clearly fresh. I know it's all about presentation, but eating the ceviche out of a wine glass and attempting to spoon it onto tortilla chips is a clumsy affair and would have been better suited to a lower stemmed bowl of some sort. Not sure why I ordered the chicken burrito for my entree- I can have Mexican food at home, right? But I was in a cheese-craving mood and didn't like the idea of spending $10 on a plate of nachos (though maybe that would have been a better choice), so I went with the overpriced burrito plate. At the very least it is a large quantity of food. Beans were slightly off and rice was overly wet and bland, and the burrito itself, while large and stuffed with chicken, wasn't particularly flavorful. Used up a lot of the pico, salsa, sour cream, and guac just trying to eat about half of it without simply choking down shredded chicken. In any case, the staff were very polite though not very present/available. In my case, that was a good thing, because I was lingering there for just over an hour with my food and a glass of wine, waiting for my friend to arrive as our rooms were in his name. That being said, it was bizarre to have so many other servers come by so frequently but never see my own- and never have anyone offer to fill my water glass. Just struck me as bizarre.
2	Ugh, the LVH depresses me, and this restaurant is no different.  I noticed there are no windows in this place, which is kind of interesting.  Conversely, there are some really nice murals of tropical scenes on the walls!I ordered a taco salad, which was massive.  It was average in taste and quality.  Service was pretty friendly and prompt, though.  We ended up here out of convenience (looks like a lot of other reviewers did the same), and I think that's the only reason I may eat here again.
1	Over priced, We had:Pancakes $9.00$12.00 Omelet runny mushrooms in side yucky only  :(Would not go back, cost $60. for three peopleDon't mind paying high price if I'm getting high quality, did not happen!
2	Everything at the LVH, except for the rooms, curiously, is overpriced.  Food at the Paradise Cafe no exception, it's totally average, and totally overpriced.  Fact that there are no real food alternatives within a short walking area, must make the money counters at the LVH smiling.  Stay here, you really can get some great room prices, but eat elsewhere, unless you have money to burn and you don't really care...
1	Terrible food inside a terrible hotel. Perfect combo, right?Overpriced as well.
1	We came here to eat after a long day at a trade show because we stayed in the LVH. When you stay at LVH, they give you coupons or deals that you can use at different restaurants in the hotel, and for this place, we had a get $10 off when you buy 2 entree and 2 appetizers coupon. So we ordered buffalo wings, and fish tacos as our appetizers. A cobb salad, and meatloaf dish as our 2 entrees. Our buffalo wings (medium) was NOT spicy at all in any way, it was salty, extremely extremely salty. I had to take a gulp of water for each bite I took. Frozen hot wings would have been a million times better.  Our fish tacos were okay, except that the fish in it was tiny. You can see that it was cut smaller, so the fish in it was mostly just the crispy outside, and not much actual fish. (it comes 3 to an order)Our meatloaf dish, was once again, overly salted. We could barely eat it, and ended up leaving the whole dish pretty much untouched. Our salad was decent, but it's hard to mess up on a salad. The best part of our meal was probably our drinks............water and coke. but on the plus side, their portions were big.
2	The short and sweet version for those who don't care for my long winded reviews- I'd give it three stars for the service, but unimpressive food and the price markup for atmosphere is a bucket full of meh.Now for the more verbose version. I was staying at the LVH and decided to drop by here for dinner. The matzo ball soup was decent if not all that notable. I ordered the Thai chicken salad. Sadly, it was mostly lettuce flecked with cilantro and drowned in dressing. The chicken itself wasn't bad, but it wasn't sufficient to break up the monotony of the greens without a better mix of vegetables to support. It just feels like a really bad recipe and that can be incredibly difficult to salvage.The next day, I meet up with a friend of mine. She suggests dropping by here for lunch. One mediocre meal is forgivable enough, so I go back with an open mind. This time, I tried the croissant trio. Tuna salad, chicken salad, shrimp salad. I start on the tuna salad and it is quite fine. Nothing out of this world, but tasty enough that I had no regrets. The chicken salad was next. It was acceptable, although not as good as the tuna salad. This is in part because I like tuna salad more and in part because the chicken salad used larger chunks of chicken that felt a bit off. I took one bite of the shrimp salad and promptly decided that my meal was finished. Didn't need any more. Didn't want any more. Please remove this shrimp salad croissant. It is not my friend. It does not want to hang out in my stomach. I felt just fine and knew that not eating that shrimp salad was probably the best thing I could do all day to continue feeling just fine.The servers were really pretty nice. I was seated without delay, a refill came just as my glass hit empty, and I did enjoy the atmosphere of the place. Perhaps they could take out the kitchen and just have food catered from somewhere else. That's not really what you want to hear about a restaurant, but hey. I like to point out the bright side of things when I can.
1	This place is Horrible.... The pancakes were super dry. The food was not very good and way overpriced! The lady server was unfriendly.  I would not recommend this place.
2	decent, edible, not great.  eggs were undercooked. everything is greasy.  english muffin was cold.  typical hotel diner food.
2	On Yelp there are 5-6 Paradise restaurants in Vegas. Which one is the original? Who cares?! :) I came to this one as the only place you pass from the Monorail to the trade show conference down the hall is the Foruna coffee and wine place. The only thing fortunate was to avoid its yucky looking pastries.U-turn back and keep right instead of heading back to the Monorail and you will hit Paradise. I sat at the bar and stared at the hazy looking brownish restaurant. It felt like Canter's in L.A. (which is one of the oldest in the city!?)Service wasn't great here. One lady gave me a menu; then she gave me the takeout menu (clearly marked with the gouging 18% gratuity added.) Then another lady came and took my order. I ordered the healthy option. Water/ Joke. Oatmeal with dried cherries and coffee. It came in a neat recycled cardboard holder with 2 cups (coffee and oatmeal) and 3 little containers. Milk for the oatmeal but I used it for the coffee; 2 brown sugars. Stirring the oatmeal there was no sign of the cherries so I checked the gouging menu and then asked waitress #1 where they were. It seems #2 forgot. Anyway the dried cherries transformed into tiny prunes. That was even better on the healthy quota.Overall, not thrilled with my dining experience here, but the food was ok. Of course I paid $11 for the pleasure. $3 for coffee - cheaper than the Starbucks in the Harrah's - $6 for oatmeal. $1.50 for tip.
1	Closed. 4 good
1	Horrible and expensive. The only reason we went there was because we woke up late and had a basketball tournament in less than hour. $8.99 for pancakes without any sides are u kidding me. My bf and i end up getting an omelets, one orange juice, and hot chocolate and the bill was 33$. the water they served us was tab water, it was discussing! It would of been way cheaper to go to IHOP and better food as well. Oh and by the way you only get two topping for the omlete
2	Well, it isn't paradise.  Bland mac and cheese, so bland, that a full bite couldn't be choked down.Matzah ball soup - flavorful enough.I wouldn't make a trip to the LVH just for this restaurant.  In fact, if other restaurants in LVH were open at 9pm, I wouldn't have chosen to dine here, either. But, I did hear they have a good breakfast.
1	I was at a convention at LVH this week, and decided to try Paradise Cafe.  The place was packed so I grabbed a seat at the counter.  First of all, simply terrible service.  I was nearly drowned in the apathy of the people working there. I was finally approached for my drink order by an unenthusiastic women who took 5 minutes to get me a glass of tea.  Checking out the food around me, I thought the safest choice would be steak and eggs.  How can you mess up steak, scrambled eggs, and hash browns, right?  Wrong.  The eggs were gummy, the hash browns were raw in the middle, and the toast was cold.  I will give them some props for the steak--it was medium, not medium rare like I ordered, but had a little pink in the middle and tasted pretty good.  I finally gave up and asked for my check, and had to wait another 15 minutes for the check and 10 minutes for my card to come back to me.  Never again.
1	In line with LVH, this bad food. Breakfast is the just basic with no quality, same as sandwich/lunch. Obviously you may end up there since there is no real food option at this hotel but if you want dinner, benhihana is better and for bfast or lunch then try something else.
4	Fabulous Reuben!
1	If you like overpaying for mediocre food, while being automatically charged an 18% gratuity in exchange for apathetic and unprofessional customer service, then Paradise Cafe might just be your kind of paradise! ;)Since this is the only place open most of the time (when other places aren't), I had the misfortune of having to eat here 4 times when there were no other options available.  1. Unprofessional and apathetic staff: When the hostesses are ready to stop their personal conversation to grace me with their acknowledgement, I was seated at the bar and given a "To Go" menu which states that an automatic 18% gratuity would be added to any To Go orders.  *Keep this in mind if you are in the habit of adding a tip so you don't end up double-tipping them!  While waiting for my to-go food, I had the misfortune of having to witness one of the waitresses approach the hostesses with complete attitude and yelled, "Can I get a party?  I been off break for 15-minutes and you ain't seated anybody in my section.  You seatin' a party here and there, but I ain't got no party, so can I get a party?"  She then goes over to another waitress and begins talking about the hostesses to this other waitress, while the hostesses talked smack about the waitress who chewed them out!  2.  Food ranges from tolerable to inedible!  Salmon & Rice (dinner) -Not bad, probably the best thing I ate on the menu.Fish Tacos -TolerableThai Chicken Salad -Very overdressed and not very goodBacon and Cheese Omelet (breakfast) -Omelet was GREASY and inedible!  Hash browns completely flavorless.  I managed to choke down the sourdough toast which was good.Overall a very unpleasant experience.
3	OK, the food is not great but its good.  The service is hit and miss sometimes its OK and others not so much.  Bottom line if you are looking for a decent breakfast or a sandwich late at night as long as the line is not too long its a good spot to go.I really wish they would bring back the Sausage Gravy and Biscuits, it was very good.
2	As I write this I am STILL waiting for our food. This place is absolutely horrible. I will never come here again. Been waiting over an hour for our meal.. Come on the service should be way better. Don't come here. The one good thing about this place is the food was good when it actually did get to the table.
1	I'm not sure if this place deserves 1 or 2(because i feel bad for this place-it sucks!)stars. I got 6 whites and 1 full egg scrambled all together! I got raped, seriously when I got my bill. $25! For 7 freaking egg white! Actually, I asked for 6 egg whites and 1 full egg(which means-HELLO! I WANT THE GOSH DAMN YOLK!) To that of which I did not Get! At least give me a fake drink umbrella or throw on some dried out cilantro to make them look festive. Ugh, I wanna write bad things about this restaurant but its not worth it. Probably because I feel so dumb paying for it and not asking why the charge is so high! And to make matters even worse! I gave them a $2 tip! Is that stupid or stupider?Gordon Ramsey, this pathetic restaurant needs you!
3	Typical Vegas cafe.  Nothing out of the ordinary except for our server Bobbie Jean.  She was super courteous, attentive, and sweet.  All servers should follow her example.
2	I'm hungry so I'll eat it, but potatoes tasted old, very stale chewy and hard. Pancakes where chewy, I make better home made pancakes at home. Not good. I must say for being in LVH, I expected better restaurants. Please change ur ingredients asap. Now I have to go outside the hotel for breakfast.
2	Staff is Great! But that's about it. The Breakfast menu is quite limited, and the Prices, Ouch! For $12 I hoped my Omelette was Guilded in Gold, but wasn't, also Cheese isn't either apparently it's Not added by default, WTF? One if many reasons why, as a Local, we avoid The Strip, hell LVH isn't even on the Strip but has the audacity to Charge Strip Prices! I really feel bad for this place, mainly for the staff, they all seem older and are so nice and friendly, and would hate to see them lose their jobs, so I'm going I be generous and rate this place a 2 stars.
3	A meh place, but the best breakfast at the LVH. The smoky smell really seeps in from the hallway.
2	My how the mighty have fallen.  My wife and I use to come here several times a month back in 2003-2004.  Service was so, so and good was decent.Fast forward to now, this place is a dump, if you can find it open.  I mean, you can still get decent eggs and bacon, but it's hard to screw that up, right?  Order anything else and you put yourself at risk.Hell, just to find the place open you're lucky.  Let's put it this way, if you DO find this place open, eat here and go to bed, it will be the best luck you have all night
3	Having relatives with a time share at the Grand Hiltons, you're bound to end up having a meal at a Paradise Cafe.This one being at the Convention Center Hilton, they remind me of a tropical style Coco's. Got myself a breakfast plate that came with toast, two eggs, hash browns and bacon. Filling and decent, although the eggs were pretty over cooked. Got overcharged on my bill, so double check it!!!
1	Horrible, poor service. My boyfriend and I stayed at the LVH for two nights due to my dance competition. Our second morning, we decided to grab breakfast downstairs and found this place. We were seated immediately, and given menus. We take a quick look and decide instantly since we were both starving. We wait... and wait. Finally someone comes to our table, "would you like anything to drink?" We both declined since he had his bottle of water and I had already bought my coffee from seattle's best, so she replies "no?" then walks away and goes to another table. WHAT THE?! Um, hello?! We were ready to order!So we wait... and we wait... and finally someone comes to take our order. Our food comes, great. As soon as we drops off our food, she asks if we need anything and we needed a new bottle of ketchup so she gets that for us. But after dropping off our food, no one bothered to ask how we were doing, or if we needed anything. I was done with my coffee and really wanted some water but we couldn't run anyone down. We were done eating and were still waiting for someone to come check on us so that we could also get our check. I couldn't wait any longer because I had to prepare for my competition, so my boyfriend let me go and stayed to wait for our server and the check. I didn't see him 'til half an hour later -- that can only tell you so much about their service.And coming from a waitress myself, I am SO disappointed with their service!
1	We were sat.This waitress came breathing heavily, asked us if we wanted anything to drink. After responding no she retorted "OKAY", slapped napkins AND STRAWS on our table and with her hand still on the table turned around and asked another table if they wanted drinks.Another waitress came about 5 minutes later, took our order and left.Maybe 10 minutes later our food came. We ate. Nobody ONCE came to check on us. NOT ONCE. I waited 20 minutes AFTER finishing my food for someone to come by.A busser walked by and I asked for our bill - he said "I'm not your waitress" and left. Never even walked by me again.Absolutely DISGUSTING service.
3	I was here for an expo at the convention center and had time to grab a quick bite to eat before the expo opened. I thought this was a pretty decent place.  Overall it gives off a diner theme and that is what I expected and received. We got seated right away, and our waitress came gave us the menus and the options looked pretty good.  I had the "Tahitian infused  Belgian Waffle" with apple capote, and I enjoyed my meal.  The waffle was decent size, had a hint of vanilla that made it even more tasty, the apple capote as a topping was just okay.  I am not sure what Tahitian infused means in-terms of a Belgian waffle but I ate my meal and was pleased with it.I know many Yelpers have complained about the service, but per my visit I thought the service was good.  If you want a typical American breakfast, you won't go wrong with this place, if you want more I would suggest looking elsewhere.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 16/100The winds of St. Patty's day blew me and my mom to Fremont Street where quilts ruled the scene and rock bands/irish groups were playing alongside each other...all at the same time. When lunch time rolled in, we thought we'd give one of the hotel lunch specials a shot. Our random pick turned out to be Paradise Cafe which highlighted corned beef with cabbage (is this an irish dish?) and that day, some kalbee beef steak with kimchi on the side. Unfamiliar with the former, I stuck with the Korean option. Although the place - which shares the buffet area - is pretty dimly lit, I had fun pointing out the 70s-esque design with mommy. Very vintage setting, even the booth seats were old. However, Mommy wasn't particularly impressed with the super low ceilings (true, not a place for claustrophobics) & the fact that our server rushed us to pay up because her shift was ending. (I didn't take malice in that until I got a second and third opinion. Mm)I would still come back for the food though. Maybe? Maybe.
3	Look, it is a low-end Denny's located on the 1st floor of the Las Vegas hotel. When you're hung over, it isn't bad. $14 omelets, $3.25 coffee.
2	Food wasn't terrible but it wasn't the best. What made the experience not so great was the service. Seemed like splitting a check due to business requirements for me set my server off and she was rude the remainder of my visit. It was super busy, so service was slow.
1	Just bad, all bad.The food, bad.The ambiance, bad.The service, bad.Price, very bad for what you get.Dear LVH, please scrap this restaurant and start again.
2	Place was filled with employees but not many tables, the. Employees just standing around, not really attending the customers.
3	Excellent service one morning (Sitting at the bar), Pretty good service one day and pretty bad service another. Breakfast food is decent, their french toast is pretty great. I also had their omelette which was A-OK and their club sandwich was pretty good too.
1	If i could give it half a star or no star i would this place was awful ordered fried chicken tasted like paper the broccoli looked like it was old and wife orders an omelet she said was not great. Very disappointing will not be eating here again over priced $40 dollars for prison food i rather eat at a food truck next time. To LVH management you need a better restaurant/cafe/diner whatever you want to call it a lot more people would stay to eat at your casino.
2	Just another place on my trip to Vegas where I realized that many of the restaurants here are distinctly mediocre to below average especially when you account for what you are paying.  I guess I'm just cheap and should have gone to nicer places although I stopped here out of convenience only.Service was actually decent during a busy lunch rush but like the two star rating describes on Yelp the food was simply "meh".
2	Skip breakfast - the decor matches the food quality: tired, bland, outdated and overall sense of not trying. Meals are overpriced and menu is very limited.
1	Pretty bad. Wait staff nice and friendly but too bad for them the food they serve is barely edible. I had "3 farm fresh egg omelet" made with fake eggs. The hash browns tasted really awful--like freezer burned. And the worst part? Double what you'd pay at a bob Evans. My advice is to grab a bagel and yogurt at the hotel, a cup of Starbucks and you'll come out way ahead.
1	This place's food reminds me of the chow hall on base when I'm deployed in the Middle East- it's processed to hell. Here's what my friends had. Burger- patty is pre-formed frozen goodness, the kind with a distinct clover leaf shape and sold in bulk. $15. Quesadilla isn't even a tortilla! They use the same pre-packaged stuff you make the wraps out of. $15. A friend got the fish and chips, which were "okay." I feel like for a price tag like this you should be able to do a little bit better- went to SLS' pancake restaurant for cheaper with fresher food in huge portions.The server left me salty too- I wasn't very hungry and just wanted a kids meal. He told me that he couldn't let me unless I had a doctor's note?! Alright look, I don't know what kind of operation is being ran here, but I used to let people whenever they asked when I waited tables. Because I'm a belligerent, resilient asshole, I just got a coffee and didn't eat, though my friends did. Please don't stop to collect $200 here.Just keep walking.
3	This location has moved and changed names. It is now called Sid's Cafe and is in the casino.
