5	I haven't had such an amazing meal in a while!  No lie!I kept saying that over and over again as I was stuffing my face with the delicious food served tonight!  I swear to you I was so stuffed half way through my entree and I had to keep going because it....was...so...good....The place describes it's dishes as comfort food.  I imagined the offerings would have a southern flair.  But the GM, Wil,l describes it as food that comforts you.  I love that!  It comforted me so much that I felt like I had to roll myself out the door!I started with the Root Salad, which was a mix of red and golden beets, candied walnuts, goat cheese with sea salt and lime sprinkled on top.  Have I told you lately, that I love beet salads?  Like, so much!  It was incredible!  My main dish was the Ricotta Gnocchi with peas, parm, mushrooms, cherry tomato and an egg on top.  I'm usually a fan of red sauce with my gnocchi, but this blew away any red sauce I could ever have had!  The gnocchi was just how I like them, like pasta/potato cloud puffs of amazingness.  All the ingredients complimented each other so well.  No red sauce needed!  The gnocchi comes from a local hook up, so you know it's not from the frozen section of your local Giant Eagle.  The place is Incredibly intimate with seating for about 40.  Be sure to make a reservation because this place is going to fill up fast!  If you want comfort food style, look no further!
5	Here's what we liked most: The chef, generally (his name is Keith). You should go and eat his food. There are flavors and textures here (e.g., pork belly with rice crispy treat and coconut puree) that you probably haven't had in your mouth, ever. With the exception of watermelon and feta, Root's food is very creative (but also thoughtful and well edited). And if the changing menu is somehow "nothing new for you," you'll still be pleasantly surprised with how the chef and his cooks execute and present top-notch product. We also liked the seasonally-minded menu that made us feel adventurous AND comfy at the same time. You can tell what "summer" should taste like, and that's a great thing to see in menu planning. I expect that kind of thinking to continue into fall and winter. I'm excited to eat here again soon, and several times throughout the coming year.The chef is friendly, makes the rounds with patrons, and the front-of-house knows the product and respects the chef without being too obnoxious about it.The waitstaff was attentive without getting underfoot. I like their matching aprons, and the fact they replace flatware after each course.We liked their locally-sourced cheese on an excellent cheese plate.We liked their savory lemonade, which was perfect for summer.We liked that they didn't charge for split plates (or half-orders, we hope), which encourages eating across the menu, something you should definitely do here because If you only order an entree, you're doing yourself an injustice.And we liked that the chef was not afraid to serve an entree in a bowl.Here's what we liked least: The waitstaff calling the food "sexy," which is SO Top Chef Season 4. Please, don't call food "sexy." Also, if you're pointing close to our food, and telling us what's on the plate as you point, make sure your nails look good, particularly if you're a man. Man up and get a manicure, or don't point so close. When pointing is "almost touching" you're pointing way too close to my food anyway.   Also, with competing flavors and diverse proteins on a small menu, I would really love Root NOT to be BYOB (gasp!). If they can afford the license, they ought to try wine by the glass and rotate wines with their menu, and even offer pairing suggestions. I know how people in Pittsburgh love BYOB (and hotdogs), but I love the right wine with the right dish, and that's tough with this kind of menu in a BYOB. So if you're a group of three or four or more (and you like wine at all), bring whites AND reds of different bodies.We'd also like it if you could please find out who on your staff has the BEST handwriting and have them write the specials on the board. As it was, the specials were tough to read, the penmanship was sloppy, and the board itself looked out of place.Root has also installed a gorgeous wood bar in the back of the space that seemingly no one would see unless they went looking for it. I'm not sure what this bar is for, since they don't serve booze, but it seems wasted right now; for example, we watched waitstaff stand behind it and polish glasses as the night wore on, which was fine. But can I eat dinner at the bar or what? What's the bar doing back there? Am I supposed to wait there if I'm waiting for a table? I don't know. No one told me.Some things you should know about Root ahead of time, and get over: Like Legume before it, the space is still small and noisy. It's also hot in the summer (even with AC), and will be drafty in the winter (even with the heat on). For the love of God, expect it. You're going to come here to eat noteworthy, memorable food, not to speak in hushed tones about your rash in a climate-controlled box. Also, the decor is still generally lacking in charm (at least it didn't charm us). Almost everything is brown or brownish, and yet nothing seems to match anything else. The waitstaff match each other, but clash with the chef (who was out of coat that night). The walls themselves are still bare and painted brown with a sea sponge, which was admittedly kinda cool, but in the 90s. In short, the inside of Root, and whatever personality it's trying to express to the customer, is still not so very clear.But whoa is this restaurant still phenomenal, and it's only a week old. We will give Root some time to straighten out its personality, but we will also keep eating here in the meantime. We recommend that you try to eat here as soon as you possibly can.
5	I have been waiting for the perfect moment to write my review of Root 174. Since I woke up this morning craving the fried brussel sprouts (read: salivating over them), I figured this was the perfect time.The head chef, Keith, personally invited us to the opening party, after we creepily stood in the doorway peering in the night before. I noticed that he was going around to every table, introducing himself and making sure everyone was taken care of. He believes in "giving back" to the community and offers a discount to those livin' in the 15221 (my hood, holla!). The guy is just super nice, period. Will, the manager, I also no slouch- he came over, chatted us up, and really made use feel welcome. Great guy. Ok- now on with the food:Fried Brussel Sprouts. Oh lord in heaven, they are so good. Crispy, tangy and the perfect balance of salt an sweet, topped with a bacon chutney. The tostanoes, a flat plantain with refried black beans and corn exploded with flavor- so tasty, perfect sweetness. They have a seasonal menu, so these goodies may not still be on there but TRY them if they are. I cannot wait to return for the entrees!They are BYOB, which is always a plus. Root 174 is the perfect spot to bring out of town friends who you want to experience the best that the 'burgh has to offer. I am so pleased that these friendly, innovative folks have graced my neighborhood. I am hoping that they do a brunch, but will contInue to love them regardless!!
3	I am excited, impressed even, by how many vegan/vegetarian options Root 174 features on its relatively small menu.Unfortunately, I was not so dazzled by the flavors of my choices. I ordered a grilled curried cauliflower starter, which was very bland for my tastes. From the menu description, I thought it'd maybe have a little spice to it and I conjured up the idea that it'd have a sort of peanut curry sauce, however it was served dry. In addition, I was unaware that it was served cold until it came out and I am just not a big fan of cold foods. The cauliflower was also quite soft, overcooked I'd say, so it seemed like it was boiled, then grilled, then refrigerated. I was surprised by the generous portion size of this appetizer, especially as compared to that of my friend's watermelon. For my entree, I chose the vegan vegetable cakes, which again, didn't pack much of a punch. I used to buy similar, yet immensely better and much cheaper, grain and veggie cakes at a grocery store in my last hometown. The corn salsa on the dish was fresh and thus pretty good. And the mole at the base of the dish was the best mole I've ever had. I may be a spiceaholic, as I do think the mole could have been improved with a little heat, but I cannot argue with the rich savory quality they've achieved with it. Ideally for me, this entree would be topped with (optional, understandably) fresh chopped chili peppers. My friend got an elderberry-barbeque seitan dish with banana rice which as a whole had a more complex mouthfeel than my dish. All too lacking in vegetables for me, but I commend the skilled pairing of flavors.They had a vegan dessert!!! It was ugly, it was disgusting!!! Zucchini something-or-other cake with a carrot frosting and some sort of compote...there was no distinction between its elements, all I could taste was sugar. The sweetness of it about knocked me out of my chair, seriously. If it hadn't been my mid-western dining companion's birthday (yes, they did put a candle in it), I would have complained. But since honest confrontation embarrasses her, we each took a couple of nibbles, said we were too full to finish it and she took it home to, uh, depreciate in private.Dining out as a vegan in Pittsburgh is hairy. Despite my nitpicking, I do look forward to returning to see how Root 174 grows. I liked the unassuming space and our server seemed very knowledgeable. I brought champagne and they actually have flutes! The bathroom smelled fine and my birthday-girl friend was thrilled with the purple walls; I am glad that her visits to the toilet were special.
3	As with many such cases, I wish I could give this place a 3.5. It's clearly better than some of the 3s I've given, but not quite a 4. Anyway, I ate here with my wife last night and it was a good experience. The decor is pretty much the same as it was when Legume was there, so nothing new here. The waitstaff were fine. Our main waiter was a bit too quiet and so hearing him describe the specials was quite a chore. This was the case even though when we got there, we were the only ones in the restaurant (no ambient noise at the time).But what about the food...the part that really counts! My wife and I had 4 dishes, two which were okay, and two which were actually quite good.1. The beet + goat cheese salad. Meh. Nothing special here at all. The flavor was bland and nothing we couldn't get at a dozen other places.2. The grilled watermelon salad (with a balsamic reduction). Now this was really unique and flavorful! I would get it again in a heartbeat.  I loved the idea of grilling watermelon...it gave it this different texture (almost crispy on the outside) and dampened some of the sweetness. If I only tried this dish, I would give the restaurant a 4.5 star rating. Too bad the rest wasn't as tasty.3. The gnocchi main dish. Just like with the beet salad, meh. It was pretty bland and uninspired. I could have made these at home and they wouldn't have been any worse. And for $20+ I was disappointed.4. The brussel sprout + bacon marmalade side dish. Like the grilled watermelon salad, this was fantastic. The sweetness of the marmalade offset any bitterness from the brussel sprouts. I've never had anything like this dish and I hope they keep it on their regular rotation.I'll definitely give this place another shot in the future, but for now, it won't make it to the usual rotation. Maybe one day when they work out the kinks. Now I just can't wait for Legume to re-open in their new location!
3	Root 174 occupies the space in which Legume resided, so it has big shoes to fill. The interior has a slightly different layout, but there are still indoor and outdoor seating options. The service is good. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable, and was only around when we wanted him to be. The menu is creative. In addition to surf and turf, there are many options that will intrigue adventurous vegetarians and vegans. As good as the options seemed, unfortunately neither I nor my dinner companion were very impressed by the food that we ordered. The scallops and veggies that accompanied them were great. In contrast, our steaks, sides, cheese plate, and dessert were adequate, but not as outstanding as one would expect for dropping ~$45 per person on dinner. The steak was cooked to the right degree but seemed not as flavorful as it looked like it should be. The dessert was basically a sponge cake with some icing on top, and the cheeses were kind of bland. I would recommend trying Root 174, especially if you have a vegetarian or vegan in your dinner party, but temper your expectations.
5	I do not give 5 stars lightly, but I don't know if I'll find much better anywhere else. It was a chilly, rainy night. Darren and I were both very hungry. I chose Root 174 based on some previous reviews and a glance at the ever changing on-line menu. After finding a place to park on the street a couple of blocks away we made our trek. The place was mostly crowded and chatty, but we got seated right away and the ambiance of the crowd was pleasant. Nothing lake "bar talk". We started off with a bone marrow creme brulee. In a word, WOW. In a few more words, the combination of cheese and the meat from inside a bone was to die for. It was spread on toast and could be topped with green apple slivers. The marrow was simply the topping to this spread, but it was still worth every cent of the $5.00. Then as my entree, I ordered what I will call the "pork dish" as it appeared to not have a formal name. My large plate consisted of mustard greens, white beans, and pork fried pork. That's right, PORK fried PORK. The hog shank that topped the tangy greens was to die for! It was very crispy (think bacon) on the outside and simply juicy on the inside. There was also a piece or cornbread with the meal to make sure that you knew that this is a Southern delicacy. All it was missing from the South was grits. The desert was something innovative: peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Get this, cheesecake consisting of peanut butter chunks, topped with Root 174's own grape jelly (melted to a syrup), stuffed between two pieces of grilled pound cake. I should have ordered my own, but Darren and I split it. He also loved the cake. The place is a pit pricey, put what a treat! Also, a lot of the food is vegan. So much so I almost felt guilty eating as much meat as I did.
4	Since yelp has threatened to take my reviews down for direct links, and I want people to know how good Root 174 is, I'll just tell you to check my site for the complete review.Food is great, Service is great, BYOB ($5 corkage) another place that will be putting the Pittsburgh dining scene on the map.
5	Definitely in the running for the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. There's a plethora of New American options in the city, and Root certainly measures up, and can even be fairly affordable, too (depending on what you order, of course). The menu seems to be updated fairly often, and there manages to be a surprising amount of variety among the small number of dishes from which to choose.On first visit with my parents, we decided to just go tapas-style and share six different appetizers: scallops with grilled peach, pork belly with rice krispies treat, grilled watermelon and feta, confit coffee-rubbed wings, curry mussels, and brussels sprouts in black pepper bacon jam. Everything was great, but the standout for me was the brussels sprouts. They were tender, slightly crispy, and the jam is addictive--sweet, salty, spicy all at once. Our other favorite was the confit wings. I normally don't like dry rubs and initially was turned off by the tiny size of the wings...but they totally fooled me! The wings were SO juicy (I guess that's the confit talking). My dad actually said that they were the best wings he had ever tasted. I don't know about that, since I like my wings to be huge and slathered in buffalo sauce, but they were definitely a win.On my second visit, me and my friend shared the bone marrow creme brulee, which I wasn't big on, but the gnocchi more than made up for it. I am always wary about ordering pasta, but this gnocchi passed the test for sure. Light, pillowy perfection. I haven't had gnocchi this good in...possibly ever? I know that's quite the statement but I can't help it, I was in gnocchi heaven. And it had an egg on it...the ULTIMATE topping! In stark contrast to the appetizers, the mains were pretty huge portions. Gnocchi for breakfast the day after? I think yes.I did the brunch a few times when it was BYOB, bringing a bottle of Absolut Peppar for their excellent bloody mix (I haven't been back since the liquor license acquistion, but I kind of wish they'd bring back the BYOB--get drunk for ridic cheap). The corned pork tongue hash, get it. That's all I'll say about that.One of my favorite places, and more intimate/less busy than the super-hyped Salt or Meat & Potatoes. Surprised there's not more reviews, but I guess it's a bit of a hidden gem!
4	Excellent restaurant (and not just compared to other local places).  Food is excellent and service was great.Food: Outstanding job of taking comfort food a little upscale.  The flavor theme is umame, fat, salt, and sweet - just what makes us crave comfort food.  Presentation is very nice (though the quite excellent fried Brussels sprouts are just a pile of brown balls in a bowl), and, unlike most places at this price point, you can actually fill up here.  My partner opted for the sweet potato gnocchi, which, as noted by other reviewers, is heavenly - light, fluffy gnocchi with an excellent mix of sweet and savory.  Sprinkle on some salt, and it's dinner; sprinkle on some sugar and cinnamon, and it would be a great dessert.  I opted for a mix of appetizers.  The mushroom salad was incredible, and the perfectly cooked egg made an excellent sauce when the egg was broken.  Scallops were absolutely perfect, and I'm in agreement with everyone else that these guys would get enough traffic to stay open if they only served their Brussels sprouts.  They're perfectly cooked - excellent mix of crunchy batter, soft outside, and nicely textured inside, and a great mix of flavors with the slightly salty batter (or sprinkled on salt) and sweet bacon jam.Service: Excellent.  Very friendly host and waitress who both seemed to know everything about the food itself and who seemed to genuinely enjoy the food.Atmosphere: Biggest drawback that I saw.  Not that it's horrible, but I expect a little more from a place at this price point: Home Depot storm door in the entry, 1990's sponged-on paint, McDonald's tile floor.
2	What's all the fuss about?I love to cook.....a lot. And I do that often rather than going out to spend a couple hundred dollars to be disappointed.Often, when a new restaurant opens, especially a BYOB, we usually give it plenty of time to settle in and get the bugs (not literally) out. I have to agree that there have been an abundance of new offerings in the genre in Greater Pittsburgh over the last year, and I have liked several.After having read so many great reviews, we couldn't wait to try Root 174. We had a 5:30 reservation before the Joe and Bruce Show, so we had plenty of time. We took several of our favorite wines to begin what should be an outstanding evening.Unfortunately, Root 174 didn't quite measure up to the rest of the night.We were seated right away and attended to by our server almost immediately. He was rather vanilla in his discourse regarding the menu as well as the additions. Nothing unusual in that, except that most of the service individuals that I have encountered recently in other establishments have been outstanding in their presentations and descriptions of the menu.Having read reviews of several appetizers, we opted for the beet salad, a mushroom medley, as well as the pulled pork spring roll and the brussel sprouts. These came quickly. So far, so good.They were served fresh and they were very tasty.The entrees, on the other hand, we fairly blah.When our server was asked about the descriptions of the entrees, he didn't really have much to say. I can see why.I had the trout taco. It was dry, bland, and the presentation was totally uninteresting. I ate roughly 1/3 of it and took the rest home. My brother had ordered the pumpkin gnocci. It was also presented in a very simple fashion, although it was at least tasty. It was rather sweet and he tired of it quickly. Again, doggie bag time.My sister-in-law ordered the home made sausage. Again, presented in a very rudimentary fashion and uninteresting at best....Rather dry and bland.My wife is a non-dairy consuming pescatarian, so her selection was going to be rather bland as expected. She had the vegan meatloaf, a contradiction of itself.Perhaps it was an off night. The limited menu that night, was uninteresting at best. The service was definitely on top of it, but also rather bland and nondescript.Not sure when we'll go back for a second look. I might call and ask about the menu before I'd go.
5	LOVE. I was very sad to see legume leave Regent Square, but I was intrigued by the promise of Chef Keith Fuller taking over the space. I have not been disappointed, to say the least. I have been several times now and my food crush on Chef Fuller only increases with every visit. Oh my, oh my. Chef Fuller loves meat, so much so that it is represented among his many tattoos. His business partner, however, is a vegan. I can't say for sure how much that influences Fuller's menu choices, but there are always vegetarian and vegan options on the menu, and they are NOT afterthoughts. My first visit was in summer and I can still recite my entire meal from memory. It was a sticky August day and I ordered an herbed lemonade. When your beverage elicits positive expletives from you, you know your meal is off to a good start. Wow, was that good. Basil and mint bruised and soaked in hot water, cooled, strained, and blended with citrus juice it was a perfectly refreshing and delicious beginning to what would turn out to be a fabulous meal. I couldn't pass up the chilled watermelon soup which was also refreshing. A little vinegar added some excellent brightness to the cool sweet melon flavor. One of my dining companions had the grilled watermelon salad with sweet frisee and some salty kalamatas for contrast. I had checked out the menu on the door prior to our visit and was delighted beyond my ability to accurately convey to see mole sauce over vegan vegetable cakes served with roasted corn salsa and fingerling potatoes, so I knew what I was ordering before I walked in.Already savoring my experience, thanks to the fabulous starters and just lovely service, my entree arrived. One bite, and I was in love with this restaurant. The mole was what mole should be--complex, savory, sweet, with flavors slowly surfacing and shifting. Fabulous hints of cinnamon and spice floating on a rich, savory chocolate-tinged background. Mmmm. I swooned. Ok, I lied a little bit--I don't remember what I had for dessert. I remember it was good, but the excellence of the mole sort of overshadowed the experience. I have been back several more times and plan to be back many more. Each time, I have had excellent, friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful service (always from Marie--she's great!) and wonderful menu options. It is a teeny place, so reservations are recommended, but don't assume you won't be able to walk in.
4	Terrific place.  Good food, good vibe, casual yet classy.We arrived for our reserved time and had to wait a few minutes (got started on our BYO wine at the bar) for a few lingering patrons to take off - not a big deal and the manager was apologetic.  We decided to do a mix of appetizers and share an entree, all of which were very good.  Apps were an outstanding scallop/beef tongue hash, the bone marrow creme brulee (very rich and luscious, though maybe a bit sweet for our palates, but interesting nonetheless), and a mussels special with chipotle-tomato broth, yams and arugula.  The "trout taco", which we shared for our main, was phenomenal.  Large enough to share, it's a fillet of trout, breaded with masa flour and opened up to serve as the "shell" of a taco, which was filled with a crab salad and served over a black bean puree.  Major points for creativity, with execution and flavors to match.  Only minor downsides were the wait, lighting that felt like it could be a notch or two darker, and dessert - chocolate espresso cake that was a bit dry, and which was outshined by its accompaniments - a berry coulis and a decadent rum butter cream.  All very minor complaints, but have no doubt - this should be the go-to place for a classy (yet affordable) dinner in Regent Square.
5	Food and service was very good - we really enjoyed our food. Style was very creative. BYOB makes it a good value.
5	Went to Root 174 on a Sunday. The place was packed. Lots of birthday celebrating. The hostess was beyond pleasant and sat us immediately. I love the BYOW aspect, "bring your own whatever". With D's Six Pack right across the street the 2 restaurants complement each other perfectly. My girlfriend and I had a bottle of wine, but also bought some beer across the street to start our meal. First course was bone marrow creme brulee. Brilliant! A genius invention by Chef Keith Fuller. I spread the marrow on some delicious soft bread and piled on the apple gremolata. For entrees I got the special of the day which was a Beef Tongue Gnocchi Carbonara. The tongue was tender... but the gnocchi... OMG. I thought that I had had gnocchi before, but I was sorely mistaken. These were beautiful light, airy, fluffy morsels of goodness that soaked up the carbonara. Even the peas were cooked to perfection and as integral an ingredient as anything else in the dish. A true testament the Chef Fuller's cooking ability. My girlfriend decided on the Salmon Sausage which I also ended up eating most of. I hate salmon, never liked it, but the smoke on this sausage dish helped mask the fishy flavors I tend to dislike about salmon and enhance the true flavor profiles of the fish. Should also mention I loved the space. Intimate, comfy, cozy. Even with the large groups in on a Sunday, there was a general feeling of camerederie between all the guests enjoying a deliscous evening out. We ended up singing "Happy Birthday" to other tables throughout the night.
5	Root 174 is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh (if not my favorite).  I've been here 3 times over the past few months (for a person that doesn't eat out at nice places too often, that's a lot).  The prices are very reasonable with entrees in the $20 range (BYOB is a huge plus too). The menu changes often -- everything always sounds so yummy & interesting that it's hard to decide (even the vegan options). Last night, I had the ricotta gnocchi with braised beef tongue, peas, parmesan, and an over-easy egg.  I wasn't sure about the combination of all the ingredients, but everything went together perfectly. The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth.  The little bites of beef tongue were delicious.  My boyfriend had the spring roll wrapped ahi tuna with kim chi and rice, which was also good (but not as good as mine!). The other two times I went I had the smoked salmon sausage and chicken & waffles for my entrees, which were amazing.  I also highly recommend the pan seared scallops as an appeitzer and side of crispy brussel sprouts (with bacon jam).  I usually don't get desserts at restaurants, but the chocolate espresso cake was soooo good.Service is great (the waitress with the funky glasses is the best).  Ambience is cozy and homey. Definitely recommend!!!
4	Root 174 has really solid, well executed food, and you can't beat the BYOB setup.  My date & I made reservations for Valentine's day; as an FYI for those of you making a reservation, I strongly suggest you request NOT to sit by the window on the right side of the restaurant; their A/C blows on your legs and we had to cover up with our coats.  The overall ambiance here is only "meh" in my opinion, but the food shines through.Everything that we tried was really good.  The menu changes frequently, so I won't detail what we had, but I don't think you'll be disappointed with anything that you get.  I'd say the cuisine is modern upscale American, with the main influence being putting out really good food.  Pittsburgh's upscale dining choices are getting better & better; add this place to the list.
5	My boyfriend took me here for the first time on Valentine's Day. Root 174 most certainly did not disappoint.  The ambiance was lovely and the service was excellent. Because of the holiday it was filled with couples, however I feel that, while small, they wouldn't have an issue accommodating a larger party.We started with the mussels appetizer, which were fantastic. It was also the perfect size for two people to share.I had the gnocchi with beef tongue.  I have to say that I've never eaten beef tongue before, but I was feeling adventurous.  It was great! The meat was tender and flavored perfectly. My BF had the tuna special, which was yummy.  The tuna was great.  For dessert we split the chocolate cake with local berries. Yum!I will most definitely be back to Root 174 and plan on telling friends to check it out.
4	I recommend the brussels sprouts side dish - it is off the scale. Our wait person was very pleasant and helpful.
5	Say 4.8 stars. It's awesome and one of my fav's. BYOB is a huge plus -bring wine or get a 6 pack across the street. Creative....and something for meat lovers and vegies - which is fantastical. Tables are close together so you can hear what everyone is talking about.
2	I went with a group of 4 and we all ordered different things and tried each others plates.  Root 174 is ok.  But for the prices on the menu (small entrees are $25 and up), I think it's reasonable to expect more. The main courses and desserts were interesting conceptually (for example salmon sausage or chimmichurri hangar steak with tamales) but actually tasted pretty bland.   If you go, I'd recommend bringing a nice bottle of wine and sticking to appetizers including the bone marrow creme brulee and the root salad.  Those were the highlights of the meal, they were worth the money and I would gladly go back to get them again, but if I go back I would skip the pricey entrees and deserts.
5	A meal where the chef is inventive and has the knack of combining fresh ingredients into a wonderful satisfying dining experience.Had reservations and when a good friend found out, they called and changed the reservation from 2 to 4 so we could enjoy great food together.  Root has been on our to eat out list but for many reasons, never had the opportunity to experience it.  Well, we were not disappointed! We started with the Crispy Brussels sprouts, bacon-pepper jam.  Nom.  Perfect beginning.  The roasted red and gold beets, black pepper chevre, orange, fennel, radish was a great combination of flavors.   For the main course, the Beer-Braised pork and sauerkraut, Yukon golds, pork jus, whole grain mustard was scrumptious.  Was able to get a taste of the Grilled hanger steak, bean tamales, cabbage slaw, and it was really tasty and very good...but the Braised pork was out of this world!While we were pretty full, we did try a desert.Try the chocolate mouse comes on a cookie....oh so prefect!Make sure you have reservations, at least on weekends.  We had one of the tables in the window and it seemed like we were almost by ourselves.  It is BYOB.  So bring something special to drink with a special meal!
5	Brought my parents there for mothers day and they were blown away. Excellent food and service. You can tell their heart is really in the food.
4	Fantastic Brussel sprouts! Really! Small, noisy, but great food! Highly recommend.
4	This review has been sitting in my drafts for months because i just couldn't find the words to describe how exceptional this meal was, but alas the time has come to finish what I have started.To start our meal off i decided to get the tomato bisque which was simple and delicious. The only thing that could have made it better was a little bit of heat, I'm thinking some chili flakes or chipotle but I'm a sucker for spice. JB opted for the bone marrow brulee. I bit the bullet and gave it taste...the granny smith slaw with cilantro and lime juice was delicious and the marrow...well, it was like biting into a chicken bone but I've been a vegetarian for thirteen years so don't take my word for it, Justin who is an avid fan of all things bovine, raved about the visceral dish.For dinner I ordered the fluffiest, most delicious falafel I have tasted to date and JB had the fillet medallions he enjoyed them thoroughly and stated they were in his top 5 dishes of all time. I'm a little disappointed in myself for waiting so long to post this review, a lot of the small details have escaped my recollection but have no fear, I will return to Root and update...in much greater detail.
3	My husband and I ended up eating brunch here by accident today.  All the other places we'd thought about trying on Braddock were either closed or had ridiculously long lines.  (I'm looking at you, Square Cafe!)  We saw this place was open and had seating available, so we made our way inside and prepared to be spontaneous.  Since I don't like eggs and they seem to ubiquitous these days, it's always hard for me to find something to eat on a brunch menu.  I had two choices here: french toast with strawberry balsamic jam or plaintain-chocolate chip pancakes.  After much deliberation, I went with the french toast, and unfortunately, I found it lacking.  The bread was really dry, and there was not enough strawberry jam to make it palatable.  I don't remember ever needing a knife to cut french toast before, but I did today!  The jam tasted really good, though.My husband had a plate with two eggs, home fries, a piece of toast, and a sausage patty.  He thought the sausage was really great!  I got to taste a little bit, and it had a lot of cayenne pepper in it, as well as other herbs and spices.  I suspect this is something they make in-house.  The rest of his meal was just so-so, and although the portion size was perfectly fine, it looked skimpy on the huge dinner plate they served it on.I don't think I'd come back here again for brunch, as it was nothing special, but if you're waiting in line forever at the Square Cafe, you should know that you have this other option.
4	I really enjoyed eating here.  The place is small an intimate.  You feel like every table matters.  The food options seemed reasonably healthy and not too heavy (though the pork belly is not exactly light or healthy).  Some of my other favorites were heirloom tomatoes and beets.  The most interesting thing was a chocolate cake topped with a pistachio puree.  It literally led to the comment, someone threw up on the cake.  However it was the perfect blend of salty/sweet and oh so delicious.
2	I'm not sure about dinner, but brunch could eat a bowl of ....dice?Extremely expensive breakfast with no frills and lack of character. Server didn't offer us alcohol, and as we were seated outside, had no idea they had drinks.I sometimes try the "standard" fare at a brunch place to gauge the chef:Sourdough bread...ok...it's breadEggs...ok..they are eggs. Not even fatty or salty. BOOHomefries...look dawg, if you're a chef and can't make good potatoes you should think long and hard about what the hell you're doing.Seitan...look dawgx2, if I can make better seitan on the first try, you've got no business serving this. Forgettable.
5	Our 3 or so experiences here have always been great, so we save up and haven't regretted it yet. The cocktails are to die for, and the food and service are consistently excellent. If they are on the menu, get the glazed brussels sprouts as a side to share. If you think you don't like them, but you like bacon, they will convert you...
3	Ate there a few weeks ago.  Still good food, but the shortcomings of the space were a bit more apparent.  We sat at the bar, and it really, really needs to be replaced: there's no overhang, so anyone sitting there has to jam their knees agains the bar to get close enough to drink or eat at it.  It's pretty, but it's poorly executed.  Again, the Home Depot storm door on a restaurant?  WTF?  Excusable a month or two after opening.  A year later?  Not so much.  I don't think they've plowed any of their revenue back into the space.
4	The hubster and I came to check out Root 174 almost a year and a half ago, when they had just opened. At the time, we didn't think that it was anything that special (except for those Brussels sprouts... mm mm good). We hadn't come back for quite a long time. Yet, we kept on hearing about Root 174 from our friends, so we decided to give them another try.The brussels sprouts remain amazing. And, I think that the food really has potential. I had the skirt steak, and the hubster had tortilla soup and the vegan meatloaf. First, everything was incredibly salty. And I'm a savory type person, so when I say it's too salty, that's probably REALLY salty. We've mentioned this to some friends, and they say that they've never encountered this problem before at Root, so maybe we just got them on an off day. The tortilla soup was almost like enchilada sauce. WAY too salty, although it could have been delicious. I really enjoyed the skirt steak... extremely tender, and very nicely paired with potatoes and brussels sprouts (I love that stuff). But again, really on the salty side, so much so that I did not finish the dish. My husband's vegan meatloaf was a revelation. Who knew that vegan food could be so tasty? I highly recommend trying it - the blend of salty and sweet flavors is quite exceptional.The service was attentive, and it still gets pretty loud in there. But, an overall thumbs up from me, and we'll come back again.
4	For such a small restaurant, Root 174 has a rather large reputation.  With enough tables to seat no more than twenty people or so, you walk into pedestrian decor, pizza parlor tables, and a very bland-appearing bar.  The bar is stocked with the classic cookbooks, such as Modernist Cuisine and Julia Childs.  I had a good laugh thinking of the chefs, flipping through the books preparing the dish.  It'd be akin to surgeons flipping through an anatomy book in the OR!The menu is seasonal - so my selections may not  be relevant in the future, but the food was excellent.  If the crispy brussel sprouts remain on for apps, it's a must-get.  They are crunchy, savory with bacon, and sweet with some honey(?),  The plate was gone in sixty seconds.  My counterpart did not want to venture into the land of bone marrow creme brulee, and we got the wedge salad - which was really good.  I'm not a big fan of salads as appetizers, but c'est la vie.Entrees were a duck sausage with gnocchi and some ricotta.  The duck sausage was flat-out awesome.  The gnocchi was easily the best I've ever had.  I've heard the Top Chef critics describe perfect gnocchi as "pillowy" before, and now I know what they mean.  The gnocchi might as well have floated in my mouth.  The entire dish was a hit.The pork belly was equally fantastic - although I would recommend that you get it as an appetizer for 4.  It's so flavorful and rich, four pieces may be too much for an entree.  Some of the sides, like a pickled relish, tend to get lost in the dish as well.  But, man, I am craving that pork belly right now.Desert was a Nutella bread pudding, and a bit of a letdown.  The bread pudding was definitely average, and tasted more like stale french toast.  The raisins, nuts, and nutella, did bring some joy to the dish, but it paled in comparison with the apps and entrees.Root 174 is a very casual environment, and certainly a foodies' delight.  It's a great find and well worth the trip.
5	It would have been hard to be more impressed with the meal I had here.My wife and I came for dinner at about 6pm; luckily, we had a reservation, because the space is small and the dining area and bar were packed. As soon as we got a look at the menu, though, I realized why. There was not a single dish on the menu that did not intrigue me.After much deliberation, I settled on my app and entree. I began with the "bone marrow creme brulee" -- holy crap, it was delicious. It wasn't soupy like other bone marrow I've had -- more like it had been churned, making it easier to spread. And of course, it was caramelized on top like any "creme brulee" ought to be. The caramelizing brought forth a sweetness that was unexpected, and a great counterpoint to the saltiness. It was a great spread which I enjoyed on buttery crisps of bread.For my entree, I was a little less adventurous, opting for the eye of ribeye, served at a perfect medium rare, with creamy potatoes and Brussels sprouts. It was a lot to eat, but I bravely soldiered on and downed every last bite, just so I could tell you about it. Okay, I'm lying. I ate every last bite because it was freaking fabulously prepared, and I couldn't even stand the thought of allowing it to get cold.For dessert, I had a pumpkin roll that was unlike any I'd ever tasted. It was spongier, not heavy at all, with toasted pumpkin seeds and a nifty whipped cream cheese. I was truly blown away by every aspect of the food, and our service was stellar. Our server just seemed to anticipate what my wife and I would need, and was always at hand without seeming to hover. I can't wait to come back here and have another meal -- perhaps I'll dive in the deep end and try the headcheese next time?
5	This place is no joke it was utterly delicious! We got to taste lots of different food through a connection in the kitchen and each course was more amazing than the next. We started with bone marrow creme brule....crazy I know, but oooh so creamy and delicious balanced with an apple slaw. Even something as simple as tomato soup and wedge salad were perfect and delicious. Don't skip the brussells  with bacon jam either! They are crispy and delicious. Do not miss the duck sausage with pig heart ragu, easily the best pasta like dish I have EVER had. This rich dish was balanced by a fennel salad, the most perfect combination of rich and bright. We finished with flourless chocolate cake and beat ice cream along with nuttella bread pudding. Im not big on sweets but both were delicious. The only downer is they don't have a full bar but they do have an interesting cocktail list with some nice wines. If you're looking for a specific cocktail though you might need to go elsewhere.
5	I went for Restaurant Week and can't say enough good things. So many people have discussed the in's and out's of this place so I'll keep it simple. It is small in there. I was expecting small but this place was cozy. I would certainly recommend a reservation. The brussel sprouts with bacon jam were phenomenal. If you dine with someone who says they don't like brussel sprouts order them anyway. They just may be surprised. My salmon was done perfectly and the kale, harissa, and onions added another great level of flavor. On to the desserts. My meal came with the flourless chocolate cake with beet ice cream. I don't even know what to say. Beet ice cream, without a doubt is one of the best things I've put in my mouth in a long long time. I didn't know what to expect and boy was I pleasantly surprised. Not too sweet but light and the perfect balance for the dense chocolate cake. My partner in dining ordered the nutella bread pudding. Maybe an obsession with nutella is something limited to females in their 20's. But, I doubt it. There IS a reason why nutella is loved the world over. Anything with nutella in it is wonderful in my book, and this dessert certainly didn't disappoint. I've been talking about the place non-stop and I can't wait for them to start brunch back up in the Spring!
5	Seriously some of the best food in Pittsburgh. I have now visited twice, and I can't tell you how wonderful the food is. We had bone marrow creme brulee (to die for) and brussel sprouts as appetizers. The ribeye, duck sausage, and squid ink pasta were all delicious. Everything on the menu looks good. It is worth the money, and I don't usually say that. Visit this place - but make a reservation. Oh, the beer selection is small but good. Haven't had any wine or cocktails. The one negative is that there is not a lot of seating, and most seats are along the two benches on either side of the room. Otherwise, a perfect experience.
5	I went here last night with a friend and I was super impressed!  We had amazing cocktails, which were modestly priced for a craft cocktail at $9.  My friend had the soup and I had the beet salad to start - both delicious!  We both got the vegan meatloaf for our main entree and both practically licked our plates clean.  I loved all of the vegetarian friendly options on the menu. We also got dessert, the thai ice cream and the bread pudding.  Both were very unique and really good. I will certainly be going back here again very soon!
5	I was very pleased with my experience here. I made 6pm reservations for a Saturday night, but there were plenty of open tables remaining. We were immediately greeted and shown our table. Service was on the dot, always ready to provide the right knife or refill a glass. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the items on the menu, and he was also helpful in suggesting wine pairings. The ginger cocktail had a nice bite to it. The beet starter was light with a hint of cumin. My chicken with curried chickpeas was cooked perfectly, though I wish the chickpea sauce was a little milder. The spice was overwhelming the other flavors, including that of my wine.Everything was plated beautifully and the waitstaff were just so good at their jobs. I will definitely return.
5	Went here tonight with the hubs to try something different. Unfortunately, the air conditioner was broken, but we ended up sitting outside in the beautiful evening weather.For starters, we tried the creme brulee bone marrow and the mussels. The bone marrow was heavy, succulent, wonderfulness. I highly recommend it! The mussels were in a spicy, tomato sauce and plumper than most restaurants serve. Main courses included the pork belly bahn mi- an un-made sandwich with duck liver mouse, and roast chicken breast with chick peas. Normally, we don't order chicken at restaurants because you usually get a dried out slab that I could cook better. Here, the spices were lovely and the chicken moist and cooked to perfection. The pork belly was spiced to perfection.Desserts were fabulous too. I had a flour-less chocolate cake while the hubs tried curry ice cream with tapioca and pineapple. The cake was creamy and delicious, but the tapioca was fresh, spicy, and so different! Our server was intuitive, friendly, and attentive and we couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.
5	Have you ever been halfway through eating a bahn mi sandwich, and then looked the waiter dead in the eye when he came to ask if you needed anything, and you respond with a deadly serious , "Another of these sandwiches."?Most people, most reasonable people, would say "No.  That smacks of Caligula level excess, and anybody who would do that is quite mad."And I would have agreed with you, until one fateful Saturday...We had been here before for dinner, and it was pretty good, but I didn't really fall in love with it.  We were there towards the end of a busy night, and our server seemed to have been a bit burned out by the time we showed up.  The food was great, but we had a few hiccups with our order.  Oh, and we sat at a table next to the bar, and this older dude trying to dress like a club kid with those terrible jeans with crosses embroidered on the butt cheeks and his weird match.com ladyfriend kept smacking their barstools against our table.  (I should now mention that the place is relatively small.  The bar seating seems like a bad idea during a busy dinner service)And looking back on this, I laugh at the young foolish man I was, not knowing that I would one day return and feast on two of the best bahn mi's I have ever had in my life.  We went on a Saturday afternoon, and there wasn't much of a crowd, which allowed some friendly patter with our waiter, and some in depth descriptions of what they had for lunch.  And what they had was two of the best bahn mi sandwiches I have ever had.  Slow roasted over the fires of mount doom, for 7 months, and flown to the restaurant by a soaring eagle, whose name translates to 'Windlord' , these sandwiches are just amazing. (or the waiter said slow roasted for 7 hours, and didn't make any reference to The Lord of the Ring.  My ability to focus has always been off kilter)AND they have other stuff, that I'll try a bite of if somebody else orders it, but as long as that sandwich is available, I will always order it.They also have a full bar, with excellent Bloody Mary's, and other craft cocktails that are amazing.  But what's even better, is that they have a Cult Movie night on Tuesday evening, with food and drink specials.  I have yet to be to one, but I will definitely check it out as soon as this summer stops being such a non-stop thrill ride of awesome.
2	While Root 174's food is beautiful and interesting, their flavors are only decent. The decor could be better and the wood-bench seating is uncomfortable.Our drinks were great. I recommend the Pickle (?)--it tastes like a pickle and is made with cava--and the Root Remainder, which hints of root beer!Our appetizers were decent. The texture of the crunchy, sweet corn in the watermelon, tomato, feta, and mint salad was very nice, although the watermelon could have been sweeter. The bone marrow creme brulee tasted of butter, and the bacon-pepper glaze on the brussel sprouts appetizer was amazing (anything soaked in that sweet glaze had better turn out well).Our entrees were underwhelming. My companion's pork belly banh mi disappointed--the meat was too fatty, the duck liver mousse was an awkward and disgusting tasting addition. My roasted chicken breast with chickpeas, pistachio and tomato was overwhelmed by spice. The wagyu beef and flat iron steak dishes were good, but the potato, carrot, and onion side was too thick and heavy. Not one of us finished our entrees!The highlight of our evening was dessert--unfortunately, it could not save this meal. The flourless chocolate cake with beet ice cream and the bread pudding with white chocolate powder and ground hazelnut were delicious.Overall, our first meal at Root 174 was decent. However, at this price point, a better value and experience to be had can be found at Eleven, my standard for good American food in the city.
4	My sister and I were in Pittsburgh for the weekend, and we were looking for something relatively close to Kennywood. I found Root 174 on Yelp, and since the menu looked interesting we decided to give it a try. We got there around 7:00 on Friday night, but luckily we got a table quickly. (The host asked if we had a reservation, which makes sense because this is not a big place.) It took a little while for the server to come take our drink orders. Since we were about to go on roller coasters all night, we opted not to have any booze; however, the cocktail, wine and beer lists were brief but interesting.The crispy Brussels sprouts appetizer was a great choice- crispy but still tender, and sweet as well as smoky. I had the soup of the day, which was a tortilla soup. This was served tableside over corn, creme fraiche, and a chive oil. It was spicy but well-balanced, and just the thing for a chilly fall evening. I followed up with the squash salad, which had a peppery vinaigrette that worked well with the blue cheese and walnuts. The other entrees at the table were the house made chorizo with pasta, and the wagyu beef special. The chorizo was spicy and garlicky, which accompanied the pasta nicely. The beef was done to the chef's choice at a medium rare, and it was very tender and flavorful.The only thing that we noticed were slight lapses in service- no appetizer plates were offered even though we were sharing the brussels sprouts, and it took a while for our server to come to the table to greet us. Certainly not a deal breaker, just things you come to expect at that price range. I would definitely give it another try.
5	After wanting to check out this place for a while, a friend and I decided to check it out during PGH Restaurant week - we were not disappointed.After being seated, we checked out the menu - my friend ordered the restaurant week special (brussels sprout appetizer, trout, desert) and I opted for the duck testicles and cassoulet (pork belly, chicken hearts, oxtail). The brussels sprouts and duck testicles arrived - the duck was good - nice flavor and something I would consider ordering again even though it is a little out there - but the brussels sprouts were from another planet. I don't know exactly what they did, but it almost seemed like they had a general tso's flavor to them - I would recommend them to anyone. Mains arrived right after we were finished with appetizers - perfectly timed - the cassoulet was great - balanced flavors and the pork belly in it just fell apart. The trout was light, flavorful - I would consider ordering both again. We tried the flour-less chocolate cake with the beet ice-cream for desert - the chocolate was rich, but not overly sweet and the beet ice-cream was good.The service was great the entire time - attentive but not too much. Overall, great experience and this place will be added to my list of places in the city that I would happily return to...
5	Going here again tonight after a insanely unique and delicious dinner a fee weeks ago. Every aspect of the food is unique and carefully thought out. The manager/waiter (forgot his name) is incredible fantastic and personable. They know their food and creations. Definitely one of the best restaurants I have ever been to (semi-pro foodie).Lets see how things go on a Busy Friday night!
3	Given the average 4+ stars Root 174 has received on yelp, I was really excited about having dinner here for restaurant week. Overall I would have to say that the meal and experience was just okay. The restaurant week menu seemed to be an after thought. In fact, they just gave us the regular menu and told us our options from it. I had the cassoulet which I chose because of the oxtails, but didn't find the dish substantial and was hoping it would be similar to an oxtail stew with the bones. I found the crispy brussels to be way too sweet for my tastes.
5	Simply divine. The braised lamb neck is out of this world rich in a great way. Brussels sprouts were so nice and sweet. TheCucumber soup was a new and different experience I am still pondering. But the real grand slam was the pork butt. Rice crispies and pop rocks?!? How did that work? I don't know but I'll never forget it. Plus good wait staff.
4	We stopped late on a Tuesday night, around 9:00pm. They close at 9:30 but we were only planning to have salads so I didn't feel too bad about coming in so close to closing. I had a lovely glass of Pinot noir, I wish I had written it down so I could purchase a few bottles. Perfectly light for a summer night. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable.Chris ordered the black caviar Caesar salad and I had the seasonal apple and fennel salad. Our server was nice enough to accommodate a request for a side of pickled vegetables and I'm so glad because they were great! I could still taste the vegetables in addition to the pickling spices and they were still crispy! So good!Chris really enjoyed his ceaser. There was a generous portion of caviar and three plump anchovies. The only complaint he has was that there was a good bit of dressing, to the point where he was avoiding the additional dressing on the plate because the lettuce had already been tossed in dressing. Regardless he said it was very good.The apple fennel salad was fantastic. It came with macadamia nut soft cheese that was amazing! I would have loved some bread or crostini with that cheese on it! Wonderful. The apples and fennel went perfectly together with a hint of anise. And there was a small amount of beet mousse on the plate as well! Yum!!Beautiful plating, great service, and delicious food. We have to go back for a full dinner so they can earn that last star!!!
5	Awesome. These guys play with food and flavors that others don't dare experiment with. And they kick ass.  Eat here. I would recommend something but their menu changes a lot.  It's a little fancy so  be prepared to spend a little. It's worth it.
5	I went for a Dogfish Head dinner and was totally wowed by the food! It was a 6 course meal sampling 6 different beers from Dogfish Head Brewery. Both the food and beers were incredible; both great on their own, but exceptional when paired. Kudos to the chef, Keith Fuller on his incredible palate and mad chef skills.
5	I would give this additional stars if I had the option.My husband and visited Pittsburgh for our anniversary 8/2/2014 and based on reviews we decided to have our special dinner at the restaurant Root 174. We couldn't decide from the tempting and unusual choices so we ordered the Tasting Menu with 6 courses, priced at $67/person. The waitress (she was superb; attentive, friendly, helpful and informative) cautioned us that we should not order this if we're at all picky or have allergies/aversions. We are foodies. We wanted the chef to enjoy himself and pull out all the stops, and we happily gave ourselves over to being surprised. This turned into a very generous assortment. I was expecting like one tiny bite of everything; not so. Each course was delicious, and all different. I will not itemize each one here as there were so many and I honestly can't rate one over another, they were all that good. One conclusion we agree upon is that like a musical composition made up of component parts, each of these creations blended seemingly disparate ingredients in a completely harmonious way. Yet each part retained its own identity; you could really enjoy the ripeness of the fig appetizer whose sweetness contrasted by the creamy bleu cheese; the sharply vinegar white anchovies against the creamy-custard poached egg in the caesar salad; the perfectly tender mild octopus with the vibrant and spicy romesco...well, you get the idea. This is a tiny restaurant (seats only maybe 40), and nearly invisible to the passer-by. In fact, it was raining hard and we walked right by the entrance and missed it on the first pass; I guess we were trying to avoid puddles. You gotta look for it. And it's SO worth the effort!! We both agreed that this is probably the most memorable dinner we've ever had, and we have visited many wonderful places. Keith Fuller is an artist, and this restaurant is a gem. We look forward to our next visit.
4	Not sure I agree with all the 5 stars. Visited for the third time yesterday. The first two was when the restaurant opened and again a month or so later. We decided to try again since the reviews were so stellar. I had the vegan restaurant week special offering. My husband ordered off the menu. Pork belly appetizer and duck breast. The vegan special started with a salad with large pieces of mushroom. Can't say I was fond of the dense rubbery texture of the mushrooms. The dressing very good. My main was house made pasta, vegan meatballs, and beets. This was delicious and I am not a vegan. My husbands meal was good. The pork belly appetizer was served with an interesting Rice Krispy treat like carb. My desert was celery sorbet with a peanut butter type cake but the sprinkling of raisins did not add anything to and possibly detracted from the lackluster dessert. The wine list by the bottle was quite reasonable. So nothing bad to say and the prices were in line with other similar places, but the meal left me a little flat and not sure I will be back. Recently went to e2 for the first time and can't wait to revisit.My husband's $.02: 4 stars
4	Culinary creativity is a rare entity to encounter in Pittsburgh.  However, thanks to photos uploaded by fellow Yelpers, chef Keith Fuller's gastronomic work caught my attention during one of my random nights perusing this site.  The next step was to verify my curiosity, by making a visit to Root 174 and indulge myself with the multi-course tasting menu.   Food (9.5/10) = 1) Watermelon soup with cantaloupe, peach, ricotta cheese, pistachios = A very refreshing way to initiate the multi-course dinner on a summer night.  The pistachios provided a balanced nutty component to the natural sweetness of the fruits, while the ricotta cheese added a non intrusive creamy/savory element.2) Crispy brussel sprouts with bacon-black pepper jam = Big fan of brussel sprouts!  Root 174 excels with this dish.  The name of the dish says it all.  It's crispy.  There's the fattiness from the bacon.  There's the sweetness from the jam.  A true winner.3) Black caviar caesar with parmesan, baby kale, egg, white anchovies, focaccia = I'm usually bored with caesar salads, however the execution of this caesar salad was impressive.  Note, I'm also a sucker for poached eggs!4) Figs with blue cheese, beets, brown sugar crumble, and a gastrique (forgot what kind of gastrique) = One of the best fruits to indulge in during the summer months.  It doesn't get any better than pairing fresh ripe figs with cheese.5) Apple fennel salad with  macadamia "cheese," maple black pepper vin, grilled radicchio, walnuts =  Another outstanding refreshing summer time salad.  Certainly a great dish to have before moving on to the more savory dishes on the menu.6) Pork belly with rhubarb, strawberry apple compote, savory rice crispy, jalapeno, barbequed pop rocks, banana = Love pork belly.  But to pair it with rice crispy treats and barbequed pop rock candy?  WTF?!  This was the most creative dish of the night, and was I immediately intrigued when I saw it on the menu.  All the components work well with each other.  This dish was absolutely fun and playful, and I wonder if this dish best exhibits chef Fuller's personality.7) Grilled octopus with romesco, olives, pickled potato salad, pesto = I rarely...RARELY order octopus, since most of my prior experiences were overcooked, tough octopus meat.  Wow, was I pleasantly surprised when my fork sank into the meat with little effort.  I did not expect to find octopus this tender in the middle of Pittsburgh.  Bravo.  The brininess of the olives were well balanced with the octopus.8) Coffee confit chicken wings with curried creme fraiche, dried banana chips = The only other time I've had coffee rubbed into meat was with steak.  I've now been educated that coffee can work well with chicken.  9) Chorizo stuffed chicken leg with mole sauce, creamy grits, pickled cauliflower, and peanuts = My favorite dish of the night.  The chicken meat was hella tender, and married well with the spiciness of the chorizo.  Also, some of the best grits I've had since I left the South.  10) Hanger steak with halloumi, apricot, cardamom, black rice puree, kale, cream corn, tomato, bread = The hanger steak was very tender and well executed.  The black rice puree looks just like chocolate.  11) Beignets with ganache and orange chips = The only dish of the night I was not impressed with.  Having lived in Louisiana for several years, my palate has been spoiled by beignets from down South.12) Bread pudding with ice cream dessert = Soft.  Moist.  Warm.  Sweet.  Chocolate.  Ice cream.  Need I say more?13) Celery sorbet = Second time in my life I've encountered celery sorbet (first time was in San Francisco 6-8 years ago at One Market Restaurant).  This dessert was a fantastic way to conclude the night, and was just as exciting and refreshing as the watermelon soup, Service (9.5/10) = Our waiter was fantastic.  Not overbearing, and he knew the menu well to describe the components of these complex dishes as they were brought to our table.   Ambiance (8.5/10) = A very simple and small yet cozy environment. Overall Opinion = Chef Keith Fuller's tasting menu is an absolute killer.  $67 for all the dishes I mentioned in this review?  What an awesome experience.  I'm surprised this restaurant doesn't share the same level of popularity as other restaurants in Pittsburgh (e.g. Meat and Potatoes, Butcher and the Rye, etc.).  Is it location?  Is it the simple ambiance?  Is it the level of creativity that Pittsburgh palates may not be accustomed to?  Who knows... What I do know is this restaurant is a true gem, and if you have been in Pittsburgh for a while and haven't visited Root 174, get your ass to this place ASAP.  Why didn't I give this place 5 Yelp stars?  Well, it was the beignets.  I only give 5 stars when everything has been perfect to me.   Ideally, I would've given this restaurant 4.5 stars.  Regardless, bravo to Chef Fuller!
5	My friend (another Yelp Elite!) and I love to try new restaurants. We had discussed trying Root 174 in the past but finally came here last week.We made reservations for 6:30 on Tuesday evening, and I was the first to arrive. Now, when I say that I was the first to arrive, I mean that quite literally. There was no one else in this small restaurant other than a waitress and bartender when I entered. I had my choice of approximately 20 tables in the single room. Sometimes, being alone in a restaurant can feel a bit odd, but the waitress was very kind and helpful which made things feel less awkward. Plus, a few other people trickled into the restaurant around 6:45/7:00.Let's get down to the important details... the food. Ahhh... it was so incredible. We started with the Brussels Sprouts, which were perfectly crispy and served with some sort of bacon glaze. Delicious! I really enjoyed Brussels sprouts at Butcher and the Rye a few months ago but thought that these were even better. I had been eyeing the Pork Belly Carbonara on the menu all day while at work, so I just had to try it when the waitress mentioned that it was one of Root 174's best dishes. The pork was pure rich and fatty decadence while the gnocchi were soft and fluffy little pillows of dough. The dish was served with a runny egg on top, which took this already incredible dish up even another notch for me. Heavenly!! Even though we were full, we just had to try a dessert and shared the deconstructed bread pudding served with a ridiculously good Nutella ice cream and white chocolate shavings. I had a great time here and definitely plan on returning. My husband needs to try this place asap!
5	I had been dying to try this place for at least a year, so my friend and I bit the bullet and decided to go on a random weeknight. My expectations were definitely met, and maybe even exceeded! Upon walking in, you are immediately struck by the casualness of the place, yet it definitely has an elevated feel to it. It's dark, but not too dark, and the bar area is super approachable.Our waiter was really knowledgeable about the menu, and she offered some really helpful suggestions. I often get bummed when I go into restaurants lately because I'm pregnant and can't enjoy any fun cocktails at the moment, but the waiter immediately offerered me a selection of San Pellegrino sodas when she realized I couldn't have any "fun" drinks. Blood orange is my absolute favorite flavor ever, so I was a happy camper.We started with the brusels sprouts, which were outstanding. Everyone seems to be doing the brussels these days, but these were definitely unique and stood out among all the other brussels sprouts dishes out there. They were so crispy and delicious, yet didn't seem heavy or overwhelming. I would definitley recommend starting with these!My friend ordered the pork belly carbonara with soft egg and fresh homemade gnocchi and I had the hanger steak, per our waiter's recommendation. My friend's dish was absolutely delicious, and the freshness of the gnocchi cut into the fattyness of the pork belly, which was really lovely. I'm not generally a huge pork belly person, but this was truly delicious. My own dish was so good I wish I could have licked the plate. I found enough self control to avoid doing this, but I was tempted! The steak was perfectly cooked to my liking, and the accompaniments really worked well with the dish, despite seeming a little out of place. The black sticky rice puree was salty, yet well-balanced, and the apricot puree blended really nicely with the creaminess of the creamed corn that nestled into the steak. Truly yum!!!I was stuffed, but we still managed to share the bread pudding that was served with the most delicious nutella icecream and white chocolate shavings. All of the desserts looked delicious, and there aren't many places in Pittsburgh that do dessert this well.Can't wait to go back and bring my husband and try some more delicious, simple and clean flavors. Root 174 is definitely one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh now.
5	Had an amazing meal at Root 174 for lunch. The chilled split pea soup was incredible. I ate the Root burger and it was fantastic. Finished with the lemon lavender cake and some commonplace coffee company coffee. There was nothing commonplace about either. Both the cake and coffee were delicious. Service was excellent. It was my second time here and both times the entire experience was excellent.
5	This has become one of the best restraunts  in Pittsburgh. I had the Caesar salad and fish of the day.  The egg with Caesar was perfect.  I could have eaten a plateful of the oyster mushrooms with the fish.  Wow.  Try this place !
5	This restaurant is a cozy gem in Regent Square. My husband and I made a reservation to dine there on our way to a Halloween party last weekend. We started with the Grilled Octopus and the Black Caviar Caeser salads. Both were delicious. I had the Tuna Bloodline Bolognese as my main course - it was the best thing I've tasted in recent memory! My husband also enjoyed his entree.In addition to the fantastic food, our server was knowledgeable and helpful, and the pace of the meal was perfect. One of our restaurant pet peeves is when the server is rushing us through the meal, bringing the entree while we're still enjoying the appetizer, but here we felt welcomed to linger. We'll definitely be back to try the tasting menu, which seems very reasonably priced considering the high quality ingredients throughout the menu. There were also some interesting-looking cocktails I have my eye on for next time.
4	Visited Root twice in the last few months. The first time our experience was fantastic, it was not crowded or loud but had a great ambiance. The highlight of the experience was actually our server, who we chatted with for an hour about beer and our love of food and places we've been. The food was also fantastic and we really enjoyed their wine list.The second time was more of a two-three star experience. The food was decent. The first trip we had brussels sprouts that were excellent, while the second time they were burnt pretty badly. The rest of the meal went fine, but our server this time around was rather off his game and did only came and asked how we were, took our order and brought our check. He seemed, honestly, seriously stoned. So, for us, it was hit or miss on the two times we went. But it is definitely a highlight in a great neighborhood.
4	I've been wanting to go to Root 174 for a lonnnngggg time.  Probably since I moved to Pittsburgh 5 years ago.  I finally made it there for my birthday dinner this year, and it did not disappoint.  We shared the tomato bisque which was a perfect way to warm up from the chilly evening.  Savory yet slightly sweet, a great start.Next the grilled octopus - I've never had it before.  I've had calamari and that's either fried or grilled with a light lemon juice, but this octopus was different.  It was a savory dish with ethinic spices... that's the only way to describe it.  I enjoyed it, but I probably wouldn't order it again.For my main course, I ordered their special of sea bass.  Nicely cooked and flavorful - I enjoyed every bite.Finally the birthday dessert of bread pudding with hazelnut whip.  It was decadent and savory and I didn't want to share!  Mmm so good...I'm pleased to say that my hopes for Root 174 were sufficiently met.  I will be visiting Root 174 again... I'm not waiting another 5 years.
5	Amazing exciting foodie restaurant. I am so stoked it's walking distance. Like a freaking  dream come true. Last time did the tasting menu, this time 3 friends and I came tonight ordered a few dishes and shared.  Everything was so amazing. I don't think anything on their menu could be anything less than tasty interesting
4	I went back here for the first time in quite awhile: the food was 5 stars, but something about the ambiance/service left me a little cold.  To get the minor negatives out of the way first:1) the service was not inattentive, but it was definitely slow at times.  There were only three tables, and the waiter kept disappearing to the kitchen so we ended up waiting quite awhile for him to take our dessert order and then later bring our check.   2) I had sky-high expectations for the ambiance, because I love the space and the tin ceilings, but it felt too brightly lit and made me feel a bit like I was in a diner, not one of the nicer places in town.  They could stand to dim the lights and dress the tables with candles a bit more.The food was awesome though! We split the Brussels with the port reduction as an appetizer, and these were perfectly sweet and bacon-y.  I had the chorizo stuffed chicken, which was both tasty and unique, with Latin flavors and yummy grits.  The star of the night was my date's gnocchi in cream sauce with pork belly.  It was pretty close to perfect; definitely try that one.
4	Interesting.  Fun.  Inventive.  Intimate.  There's lots of restaurants around the country reinventing dishes and deconstructing others.  This one is about average for the genre for me.  I would come back and try some other dishes because I'm not sure exactly how good this place is yet.  I started with a really good house cocktail.  They make a manhattan that tastes like it met a camp fire.  Smokey and a little sweet.  Very tasty.  I had the brussels sprouts and their version of a cassoulet.  I've had a lot of brussels sprouts these days.  Seems everywhere I do there's a rendition.  These are tasty.  Bacon, a little sweet, a vinaigrette, crunchy, a little rich.  I liked them.  The cassoulet was good, it had some highs and lows for sure.  I liked the chicken hearts and the fried chicken wings but the sausage and pork belly weren't my favorite components.  The sausage was over seasoned for the dish or maybe the wrong seasonings for the dish.  I'm not sure but it bothered me a little.  I am sure I would have liked them in something else.  The pork belly wasn't the unctuous braised melt in your mouth kind I really like.  Cassoulet is always very rich and this one was as well.  I liked the tomato base as it cut the richness and added a bright note.  I ordered the lemon lavender cake and some french press decaf for dessert.  The dessert is excellent.  It comes with a slightly salty pistachio tulle.  Nice!  Decaf is very good.  My wife had a decaf and a cocktail and the total was $125 with a tip. It's a really small restaurant but it wasn't full by any stretch at 7pm on a Friday night.  Still, I would call for a reservation.  We got lucky with parking on Braddock.  I'm not sure where you would park otherwise.
4	I like the trend in restaurants that started some years ago and is now really taking off in Pittsburgh; namely, locally sourced produce and meat thoughtfully put together by people who are serious about food and willing to not only try new things, but return their kitchens to a time when most things (like pasta and bread) were made by hand. Throw in some fun and delicious cocktails, and you have Root 174. We made an early dinner reservation for a Friday night, and, while the place was empty when we arrived, it was getting busier by the time we left. It's a small space, so reservations are recommended. Both the drink and dinner menus are brief, so choosing was a fairly quick affair for me. I had the Royal Oligarchy, a very good cocktail made with Remy Martin, Jim Beam Rye, St. Germain, house bitters and Cava (Spanish sparkling wine), served straight up and ungarnished. I tasted every element present in this drink, and enjoyed it thoroughly. Caesar salad is a favorite of mine, and their Black Caviar Caesar arrived to the table somewhat deconstructed, with the baby kale dressed, topped with a large crouton  and liberally sprinkled with parmesan, and the poached egg, anchovy and caviar off to the side. This is a very good salad, and the well balanced flavors in the dressing, as well as the egg and parmesan cheese crisp, somewhat mellowed the stronger flavors on the plate. For my main I chose the Tuna Bloodline Bolognese, the description of which (olive infused pappardelle, tomato, zucchini, poached fennel) I found very intriguing. I did ask the waiter about the whole tuna bloodline thing, and he explained that the dark red meat that cuts through a tuna steak is the bloodline, and they take that part and create the sauce with it. Interesting. This is obviously not a typical Bolognese sauce, and the tuna was either pureed or melted into the sauce, which was thick and tasted of, well, tuna. I'm not sure what else goes into this sauce, as it doesn't say on the menu. The other parts of the dish...pappardelle (either house made or hand made locally, but brilliant either way), zucchini, poached fennel and tomato, were all done perfectly. The sauce got a little heavy for me after awhile, and there was a lot of it on the plate, so I didn't finish it all...you really have to like the somewhat fishy taste of bloodline tuna to enjoy this dish. And I did enjoy it. Dessert, a lemon and lavender infused cake, sounded simple, but was completely different than any cake I've ever had, both in texture and taste. French press coffee completed the meal. Everything I tried here was delicious, beautifully presented, and just a bit different from my expectations, which is a good thing. Service was low key and helpful. I'll be back.
5	Too keep this simple and easy, this restaurant is amazing. It is tough to find but ohhh so worth the search. We were traveling through Pittsburgh and found this place via localeats.com. We simply threw a dart and took a chance on the adventure.The food is simply amazing and having a open mind to the menu will yield a great reward. The scallops and pork belly along with the gnocchi was delicious. The homemade pasta and deserts were divine.The cocktails lacked a little luster, but definitely nothing to subtract from the experience. Please take a chance and check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
5	I had wanted to try Root 174 for a while, and it did not disappoint. This little space in Regent Square truly offered one of the best meals I've had in quite some time. Our table started with small plates and sampled a few. I tried the vegan falafel, which was lovely and spicy. The crispy brussels sprouts were delicious. But the winner was the coffee confit chicken wings. Yum. For my main course, I ordered the roasted chicken breast with chick peas and Moroccan spices.  Everything was perfectly prepared and the melding of flavors worked flawlessly. My only complaint was I was too full for dessert.  I'll have to return to find out what divine sweets Root 174 has to offer!
5	After 6 years in Pittsburgh and hitting most of the 'hot spots,' I can say with confidence that this is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is creative and complex, the cocktails are fit for the season, and the ambiance is simple and pretty. My favorite dishes were the chickpea appetizer, the brussel sprouts with pork belly and the lamb neck entree. The brussel sprouts are far tastier than meat and potatoes' or butcher and the rye's. The lamb neck is an entree that my waitress suggested, which did not disappoint. It was 'fall off the bone' delicious. I would highly recommend to go to Root 174: it's a great atmosphere, delicious drinks, and food that you can't find anywhere else in the city. They also have a wide selection of vegan options.
5	We popped into Root on a week night without a reservation. I was a little put off by a weird cocktail (which is appears most other yelpers loved...) but the food was on point. The Brussels sprouts were delicious as was the dessert. The effort that goes into the food and service was clear. I enjoyed my experience, and I know we will be sure to go again sometime soon.
