5	This is a hot-dog joint for people who love hot dogs. My father, for instance, eats enough hot dogs to put a baseball stadium out of business over the course of a year, and this is his favorite spot around. As he put it "No question the best Polish sausage in Phoenix." Service here is friendly and fast. On top of that, Friday's are the day to drop in as the owner's wife personally prepares brownies and rice krispie treats that are given out with meals for free.
5	This place is trouble.. delicious, delicious trouble. "Chicago-style" and "Chin-dribbling-fatness" can pretty much be used interchangeably when describing food. Either you get it or you don't. I won't try to convince anyone.  Personally, I recommend the Italian Beef sandwich with mozzarella and sweet and hot peppers in lieu of the signature Chicago-dog. Any hack who has had one can emulate the Chicago Hot Dog, but it takes a special touch to get the Italian Beef sammich just right. Luke's does.  Don't take a date there. Don't expect comfy seating and a cozy atmosphere. You may wait a long time in line. You may wait a long time for your food. You may ingest 2300 calories in a single sitting. Your circulatory system may temporarily shut down upon completion of your meal.  If any of these things are a concern for you, please go elsewhere. For those of you who remain undaunted, check it out.
4	I am a fan of Luke's from my youth in Tucson, where they provided a nearby source of yummu chicago dogs and bigger-than-average burgers.   Let's be honest, the burgers are decent but unremarkable.  They are, at least, consistent in their mediocrity.  Luke's can't hold a candle to Delux or the Sonora Brewery, but they are definitely cheaper, likely closer and they've a down-home feel.The customer service was fantastic and incredibly friendly.  I definitely felt very welcome and the atmosphere was warm, even if they muttered about my Red Sox stomping the White Sox on the t.v. and changed it because they couldn't bear to watch.hah!
4	So close!!!!!For the last 15 months, I've been searching the valley looking for a passable italian beef sandwich.  I think I found it at Luke's.It's not great, it's not amazing, it's not orgasmic, but it's good.  Ok, so probably somewhere in between good and very good.  The beef here is about as close to Chicago style as you're going to get; thinly sliced, properly seasoned with some nice sweet peppers.  The bread is a little different than I'm used to, most Chicago places serve their beefs on an 8'' roll that is close to a bratwurst roll.  Luke's serves theirs on about a foot long thing that resembles french bread.  The sandwich is authentically messy and drippy.  Please don't expect to eat this daintily.  It does not happen.  Roll up your sleeves and bring extra napkins.  I'll be back when I need a fix and don't mind eating an entire day's worth of calories in one sitting.
4	I look forward to perusing their menu, but consistently ordering the polish sausage with everything on it- tomatoes, peppers, onions, and celery-salted pickle. It's GOOD, juicy, and the bun is basically overpowered by the sausage. Best thing is the "SNAP!" when you bite into the immensely caloric greatness. I should run a marathon and head over there now.
4	Great Hot dogs, Italian beef and Italian sausage.  When ever I'm in the neighborhood I stop in for my Chicago "fix".
5	I think Luke's is great.  Best Italian beef I've had in the valley.  I moved here from Chicago about 4 years ago and although I haven't been on a mad hunt the whole time, I have had some disappointing beefs.  Luke's is by far the best I've had.  I think the best value is to buy a pound of beef and peppers from Luke's and cook it at home.  You have to buy your own bread, I like sub rolls.  The preparation is easy; just simmer in a pot on real low heat.  Then you can make em as juicy and messy, or dry as you like.  I find buying a pound will feed 3-4 and it's cheaper.I haven't had anything else there.
4	Oh, Luke's. How dangerously delicious you are. I have to agree with other Yelper's on Luke's...great Italian sausage and beef. I usually don't order any sides with anything, considering the sandwich itself is a heart attack. The chili dog is also great, but it's more than messy so I warn you - eat it with a fork and knife as best you can. Service is usually just alright. Sometimes I feel like more of a pain than a customer, but hey, whatever. I also agree with Kevin H. that their to-go packing sucks. The two times I've taken to go I get home and find my entire lunch jumbled around the bag. No bueno.But, if you're looking for a great hot dog, sausage, beef, whatever you want to call it - Luke's will definitely help you out.
3	FOOD: During a lunch break in between classes one day, my buddy insist he drive me over to 16th St and Indian School (from ASU) for an Italian Beef sandwich. I must say, the drive was worth it. Luke's Italian Beef sandwich is so oddly delicious, you'll forget that it's probably a leading cause of heart attacks in the area. The sandwich looks plain and messy, but bite into it and you will know what I'm talking about. I haven't had many Italian beef sandwiches in my days, but Luke's has brought the food some considerable respect from me. PRICE: Good prices, great place to get take out or when you're on the move. You can spend less than $10 for sure. ATMOSPHERE: Let's just say don't bring a date here. Great place to eat with a friend or two. But the dining area is limited, fits maybe 20 people. SERVICE: The guys are friendly even though they come off as tough guys. Just don't make any Chicago Cubs jokes and you'll be fine. SKINNY: If I lived closer, I would go to Luke's much more often. It's a delicious, fast place to grab some food without lowering yourself to crappier fast foods. The food makes me feel so full and bloated, but that's a good thing.
1	DOWNHILL.  I've been eating at Luke's a few times a month since 1996.  Over the last few years, It's slowly been going downhill.  Their signature Italian Beef sandwiches are often served barely warm or cold.  The extremely hard crusted french bread used to be dipped in au ju (gravy) to soften them up and load the sandwich with flavor.  Now, no matter how you order it (extra gravy, wet, etc.) the sandwich comes out almost completely dry and is guaranteed to destroy the roof of your mouth.I'm really disappointed to see a restaurant I've had so many good lunches wither away, but even their health inspections have made dining here risky at best.  http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=11712&business=LUKE'S%20RESTAURANT&address=1602%20%20%20E%20%20INDIAN%20SCHOOL%20RD&permitid=SG13198All this and their prices have been skyrocketing!  Save your money and your health and go somewhere else.
3	I think Luke's is just so-so.  A group of us Chicago transplants at the office made the trek to Luke's for a nice Friday lunch.  I did the combo sandwich and I was a bit surprised that for the price fries did not accompany the sandwich.  The giardinera (sp?!?!) was also nothing like I was used to, and frankly disappointing.  It was a bit greasy too.IMHO, Chicago Gyros does a much better job.
5	A coworker took me here and I can't get enough. Whenever I am in the vicinity I make my way over for the Italian beef with sweet and hot peppers. This italian beef is juicy on a big soaking piece of Italian bread...mmmmmm. You can also buy it by the pound for party events.
4	I had Luke's last night and must say it was pretty good. Being from Chicago I always frequent places in the valley that advertise being a Chicago Style. This place can say it is a Chicago Style. Dripping Beef Sandwiches, Polish Sausages and homemade peppers pretty much makes up the menu and that is what makes it Chicago Style. A simple menu with good meat and peppers on it. It has a hole in the wall authentic feel but it is a very clean place. I would definitely eat here again for a good beef sandwich with Mozzarella.
4	Oooh, see, no one told me Luke's does Chicago Style hot dogs. I went there a couple of months ago to try the dripping beef sandwiches that everyone is raving about. Ok, normally I'm a big fan of anything beef-related, but that type of sandwich is more targeted toward my dad, not me. However, the Chicago Style hot dogs are absolutely delicious. I also love the presentation...they wrap up the hot dog with a sheet of paper, and drop the fries inside the packet and roll everything up. It looks like a wrapped burrito. The staff was amazing, as well. Very friendly.
4	disclaimer: everything you read on this review is completely true. and awesome.about 6 or so years ago i was hauling my ass thru the 19th ave Peoria area in the middle of the night...having fun. yea!! so out of nowhere. whoop whoop. i get pulled over, long story short, i get a ticket and opt out with traffic school. so a couple weeks later.....i'm at this super huge church on the corner of Central and Glendale, you know the one. looks like a space age community college, well this was the location for traffic school. so traffic school starts early in the am, ho hum boring right. well it comes to lunch break, and this random lady stands up and announces to everyone that she is providing lunch and that she owns Luke's and will have her employees bring over Italian beef on the lunch break. i was like..cool...speeding does pay off after all. lol.first time having Luke's was a little strange, it was delivered over and sorta mass produced. there was like 50 of us in traffic school, still really good. and i have this cool story to remember about the first time I've had Luke's. haha. I've been into the restaurant more then a hand full of occasions for normal encounters with Luke's..awesome Chicago dog.
5	there are so many places around the valley that try to cater to the large chicago native population...but no other place brings me back to the good ol days of portillos greasy, juicy beef sandwhiches..and cheesey cheesey fries...and of course...the tamales! just how i remember them...there is one person that complained how greasy the sandwhiches are -that's how theyre supposed to be! that's what makes tthem oh-so-delicious...i live right down the street from this place and always like to splurge when i'm feeling in the mood for some good greasy grubby food. the guy that runs the place is always extremely friendly and i have never had a bad sandwhich here...
4	2 words...Italian BeefParking sucks. Prices are high. Lines can be long. Coca-Cola only in cans (RC Cola on tap)...but the Italian Beef...No where else can you get a sandwich like this...not even Chicago.Order it wet (they soak the Vienna roll), get your favorite peppers...add a small order of fries, a can of Coke and that is $10 and you are happy all day.
3	Damn you Luke's! I wanted to flippin' love you. They way I love Tori Spelling movie marathons on Lifetime. They way I love baby's breath in my hair after a bubble bath. And the way I love the smell of gasoline while pumping gas. Really. It's not bad for you...But Luke's, you remain a middle of the road 3 stars. The place was jumpin' around 1:30 recently. I ordered a sausage and peppers to go with cheese and a large side of fries ("more than enough he said for 2 to share). The sausage, while tasty enough, was pretty dry. Then crusty white bread had too many REALLY REALLY mushy parts. Basically half of it fell apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a mo. The crinkle fries were awesome. Crinkly and crunchy. Though not the enormous portion I anticiapted.  The large fries were $3.75 and the sandwich was $5.50. Service was spot on. Friendly and fast. I'll visit again, though I'll be sure to try a Chicago dog or Bratwurst!
4	I just wish there was a Luke's in Flagstaff!  Try the Combo, beef and sausage, that requires a roll of paper towels to mop up the drippings.  It is so good.  And the Italian sub is bravo delicious!  The place is tiny and crowded, but it's places like this where stuff of legend comes from.  Amazing sandwiches.  Have always encountered friendly staff with quick service.
2	I've gone two times-that will be probably be it.  The first time I ordered the italian beef/italian sausage combo.  It was decent-nothing spectacular.  It was around $7.00-no fries.  The next time I went, I got the double hot dog.  It was around $5.50 and came with fries-great I thought...until I tasted it.  One of the hot dogs tasted funny- I  looked and it was still very red inside-they had not cooked it enough and it was raw....ew!
3	I'll start off by saying I'm not too familiar with Chicago cuisine other than a deep dish pizza so I didn't exactly know what to expect when walking into this authenticate shop off 16th st and Indian School. The guys here were saying pop instead of soda so I guess I can call it authentic... I ordered the Italian beef with cheese and onion rings. The Italian beef had very very little cheese but had a kick to it. It was juicy so it was hard to eat. The onion rings were fresh and crispy. My friend got the cheese fries which were better than what I ordered and I'm not even a nacho cheese fan. I'll try it again but next time I'm grabbing a bratwurst with fries. They have a pizza puff that sounds interesting as well. Give it a shot.
1	I agree  with the comments stating that Luke's has been in a downslide over the past few years.  Also,  Health Inspection Reports are  not good......... Read the specific violations to get your gross-out for the day. www.maricopa.gov - restaurant inspections)I am still searching for the ultimate Italian Beef sandwich.  Can anyone help (er, "Yelp" ) me?
5	Wonderful Chicago dog!
2	I have not been here for couple of years as I moved away and i used to love going here at least once a week, since it was the closest place to the original Chicago Beef.  I have to start looking for a new place. Sorry guys.  You had the BEST what happened??
4	I love this place.Their italian beef with hot peppers is a must. I have also tried their sausage and pep sandwich which is just as good.Their prices are as good as you can get. So if you're hungry stop in & get full!!
5	I've never been disappointed at Luke's! And this comes from a Chicago kid who used to eat their pizza puffs back in the day! Everything about the beef or meatball sandwiches is perfect.I'm glad they've started offering a smaller version of the beef sandwich - now I CAN order Pizza puffs to go with a small beef. The net result is a small bit of heaven shines down into my me. Ahh, Lukes...
5	If you want a great Chicago hot dog and a great Italian Beef go to Lukes. The fries are good too. Friendly, quick service and great food combined with Bears and Cubs stuff everywhere. How can you beat this. This is the best comfort food Phoenix has to offer. Go here, eat and be happy.
4	I discovered Lukes on Stone and Ft. Lowell while I was at U of A in Tucson. It was a pleasant surprise when I learned that there are Lukes in Phoenix too! For those who are from the land of the hot dog, like Chicago, I'm sure nothing compares, but for an Arizona Chicago style hot-dog, it's pretty darn good!! If you're craving a hot dog without going to a BBQ or a baseball game, stop by Lukes and fulfill it there. It's authentic, juicy and tasty. The fries are good too! In my opinion, you just can't go wrong with Lukes. Why not check it out and let us know what you think!
5	I have just recently discovered Luke's and mmmmmmm I am addicted! The best Italian sandwich EVER!!! I ordered the whole because I was starving, but was defeated halfway. I put the half in the fridge for lunch the next day and it still was amazing! Small menu but it is definitely worth it! ps... fries are really good too! om nom nom nom
4	A cozy place with red brick walls and a picture of downtown Chicago on the wall. Food is greasy and absolutely delicious!
4	Being a Chicago guy, I can't say enough about how much I enjoy an Italian Beef Sandwich from Lukes. They're exactly like what I used to eat growing up. Put the peppers on them if you know how to eat one right. The place is as Chicago as it gets. If you order a hot dog with everything on it, they don't include ketchup unless you specifically ask. Their supplier is Vienna Beef, and they even have the neon green relish. The fries are even the exact the same as the Chicago locations. The place is also very Chicago themed. Pictures and posters of the Windy City and its sports teams surround you. And if stop by during a Cubs game, rest assured it will be playing on the TV. The prices are the one big negative that keeps me from driving over to Luke's more often. Although the food tastes great, and is worth the value for an occasional trip, it's a lot of money for greasy fast food.  But if you're looking for an authentic Chicago hot dog or Italian Beef in Phoenix, hit up Luke's.
4	Who thinks they can eat Chicago food and not have grease and artery clogging cheese and meats? Really, Get real. Love this place. Been going to the Indian School location since they opened the location. They did have some trouble for a while with the bread they were ordering as it wasn't that nice crusty flakey bread, But recently when I went there it was pretty darn good.So if you want a good fattening meal check it out. If you want to eat healthy, try a salad or Tru food.
4	Chicago style is exactly what I expected. Wish id tried the italian beef in hopes it would exceed expectations
2	I've always liked Luke's, it's authentic Italian beef...how can you go wrong! Well, today was the exception. Spent $25.00 for two beef sandwiches, with everything, two pepsi's (medium) and a large order of fries. Just seems too high for a couple of sandwiches. Hey, I could have gone to Capital Grill for not that much more. Beef was somewhat bland today. Fries were awesome as usual, forgot to ask them to make them extra crispy...but they are good.I'm going to take a Sabbatical from Lukes to check out more interesting places.
5	Grew up in Chicagoland and Luke's takes me back!  Bread is the secret and they have it right, great combo!
5	I've been going to Luke's in Chicagoland since the 70's. I happened to be in the area and thought I hit it for lunch. The place was mobbed, I got the last parking spot (sweet). I ordered an Italian Sausage sandwich with red sauce, small fries and a regular drink for $10.23. Finally, a place claiming to be a Chicago place that actually knew what red sauce was. The Italian Sausage was grilled and delicious and about 12 inches long on a perfectly fitted bun (now I know why lunch was over $10). The fries were crunchy and good as well. I recommend the Polish Sausage sandwich and beef sandwich as well, had those a couple weeks ago.
5	Italian beef sandwich, sweet and hot peppers, wet.  Amazing.  I also love  the combo(beef and sausage)... sausage is grilled perfectly and juicy.  Parking can be a problem during lunch hour.  Very delicious and well worth it.
5	I go here quite often after work for a quick dinner or for lunch with coworkers. I am from Chicago and this is as close to a Portillo's as you're going to get. Joey's of Chicago doesn't compare to Luke's of Chicago. I highly recommend.They have homemade giardiniera hot peppers and quality beef. I normally get the Italian Beef sandwich with the giardiniera hot peppers. You can also buy a jar of the hot peppers for a reasonable price. If you're looking for a quick, high quality beef sandwich in the valley, you'll find it at Luke's of Chicago.
5	Apparently until today, I didn't know how much I had been missing the Chicago style cheesy beef.  Based on how quickly I inhaled Luke's cheesy beef at lunch, I have greatly missed having cheesy beef in my life.  Bonus points awarded for Luke's carrying the ubiquitous and something I always found strange to sell (although all cheesy beef joints in Chicago sell them) the pizza puff and the tamale's.
4	There is no doubt about it, Luke's on Indian School does Chicago-style beefs very accurately. In Chicago, good little dives like this are everywhere, but out in Phoenix, the few that try to delivery the same flavors of the windy city usually fall short. I can only speak for the Italian beef for now, but it was great! I walked up to the counter, and without hesitation, said, "Beef, dry, with extra giardiniera and au jus on the side." Needless to say, the guy behind the counter and I had a moment; he understood me and didn't need to follow up with any questions. When the food came out (it took a little longer than expected, but the cook kindly apologized fot the wait) my taste buds got excited. It was loaded with giardiniera! I've found that a lot of places are stingy with that delicious condiment, but not here. I asked for extra, and by golly, I got extra. One unique thing about the giardiniera was that it seemed fresh, like really fresh, and there were jalapenos in it! Yes! This little touch took that beef over the top. I put that sammich down and didn't leave a trace.Luke's has won me over for when I'm craving some delicious guilt-full Chicago staples. It's not as good as a plane ticket back home to dine, but it's not bad at all.PRO TIP: I understand the complaint with soggy sandwiches, so if you don't want it like that (dipped), ask for it dry, and ask for any peppers on the side. That should help keep your sandwich intact.
4	ITALIAN BEEF = Sensationally, Soaking Good** Served hot and fresh, super tender meat, soft roll absorbed nicely from  a very flavorful au jus sauce, under $7! [Very Filling]HOT DOG =  Chicago-style Good** Vienna beef on soft, steamy poppy seed buns** Great tasting toppings, no complaint here!FRIES = Hot and Crispy!** The way I like 'em!VIBE = Cozy, Low-Key, and Sporty (Scottsdale Location)COMBO = HOT DOG + FRIES + DRINK = approx $6Key Note: Beverages are RC Products :)CONCLUSION: Its not a fancy joint, but its the closest to Chicago you can get in Phoenix.  The Scottsdale location makes the Italian Beef the same way, so there is consistency all the way around.  Luke's has been a regular lunch hit for me.
5	As a Chicago native, I'm always on the lookout for food that reminds me of home, so the other night when a friend and I were trying to decide where to grub I mentioned that I could go for an Italian beef. He said he knew a spot, so we ended up at the Scottsdale Luke's, and it was so good that I had my parents meet me at the Indian School location a week later to try that one out.Both times I had an Italian beef with cheese, no peppers, and a side of fries with cheese, and an RC Cola to wash it all down. The problem with most Italian beef sandwiches I've had out here is the beef itself...usually it's chewy or just sub-par, but Luke's gets it right. The beef is tender, juicy, and just right. The sandwiches come dipped (wet), so it's a sloppy ordeal but that's how it's supposed to be. If you don't want to get a little messy with your dinner, then ask for it "dry". I'll definitely be back, but I'm gonna have to limit my visits as this ain't exactly healthy eats...however, I'm ok with that for food that tastes this good.
3	As a Chicago native, I am really picky about my Chicago cuisine....I normally frequent the lukes on ray and the 101, but decided to try this one since I'm working in phoenix now...I was thoroughly disappointed...had to ask for extra relish and mustard since there wasn't much on the hot dog...the chili cheese fries were just ok and I swear they male them differently at the one in chandler....
3	Great beef but a bit pricey for what you get. For my wife, 8 year old daughter and myself it was $29. I was definitely stuffed but for the money, I didn't even get fries, it was a bit much for fast food. I recommend trying it but I definitely won't see myself becoming a regular.
1	Wow...I can't believe the rave reviews this joint gets!!! I am FAR from impressed...Hot giardenara? Is that what they called those pickled jalapenos they put on their sandwich?! NO WAY If you want authentic Italian Beef catch a flight to ORD and go to Portillo's or Gene and Jude's...This place is sub-par at best! If you're looking for something remotely close to Chicago Italian Beef in Arizona, go to Tom's BBQ or Lobby's on Southern and McClintock...This place doesn't live up to the hype!  Don't waste your time! People who love it must not be from Chicago...
4	I decided to give Luke's another shot.....I am glad I did....I still hold true to my review about their Italian Beef, but their Hot dogs...now that's a whole different story!!! TRUE Chicago Vienna Beef Hotdogs with all the fixin's!!! A warm poppyseed bun was the first sign that this was the real deal! It was topped with Mustard, Onion, Tomato, Relish, and the true test to whether this is an authentic Chi Hot dog....CELERY SALT!! The cheese fries are like a local hot dog joint in Chicago called U-DAWG-U...SO GOOD!!!  Can't wait to go back and I am sorry for the negativity the first time around! :o)
5	This my friends, is the long time home of the Best Chicago style Italian Beef Sandwich in Phoenix ! What in the dickens makes a good Italian Beef Sandwich? Well, it depends on who you ask to a certain extent. My unbiased opinion of what makes this the perfect sandwich, starts with in house, slow cooked, thinly sliced, Beef, with a blend of Italian spices and it's own natural juices. You add that to the perfect type of roll that is dipped in those juices, a slice of provolone cheese is added to the steaming beef and roll, then top it off with house made giardinara, made of Zucchini, Olives, Serrano Chilies, Carrots, and Olive Oil, and boom....There you have it! Top it off, by pouring a cup of the beef stock over the sandwich before you put your bib on and create a dam of napkins on the table for the inevitable mess that the authentic sandwich is going to create. ;) Note to those who get all hurt and flustered about the house made giardanara because they use Serrano chilies, they do offer the pickled giardanara as an alternative option as well. So don't shoot them down before you go and give the place a shot. The fries are crispy on the outside and like a mashed potato on the inside. The Polish, and Brat are real sausage links from their own supplier, not the crappy hotdog like sausages that you get from a hotdog stand on the street of a crappy neighborhood or from a place like Lobby's in Tempe. The only thing that sometimes throws off the consistent experience for me, is that at times when I ask for a side of the beef stock, it isn't stirred before they dish it up, and it has a thick layer of oil in the cup, rather than the aqueous layer beneath which contains all of the flavor. This is something that they could take as a constructive criticism at times.The only other establishment that serves up a perfected version of this beef sandwich is the owners brother who just opened up Chicago's Taylor Street. He was the best maker of theses sandwiches at Lukes for years, and recently opened up his own spot. It's great to see some competition in this Valley, especially with a couple of brothers competing with eachother. It should help keep the standards high, which should create a good product for us.Try out both of these spots and write an according review to spark up the competition to the two current greats in the Valley of the Sun.Cheers! :)
4	In my quest for the best Italian Beef sandwich in Phoenix, I took the advice of a friend from Chicago and tried Lukes.  I must say that it was very good.  The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars was because of the peppers, and giardinieri.  The meat was excellent, as was the bun.  If I was rating the sandwich strictly based on that I would have give it 5 stars.  The au jus was fantastic as well.  And they dipped it perfectly.  It was soggy like it should be, but I could still pick it up and eat it.  The only issue I had was the peppers and giardinieri.  I get mine with both hot and sweet peppers.  The giardiniera lacked something.  For one thing there was not enough of it on the sandwich so it was missing that spicy kick.  The sweet peppers were not cut up, so it was just one big roasted red and green pepper.  Slicing it up smaller helps when eating the sandwich.The only other issue I had was the price.  After adding both peppers, small fries, and a small coke, my bill came to $12.40.  That's about 4-5 dollars more than I pay for the same thing at other places.
4	Been a fan for years, ate here yesterday to get my regular hot dog but the bun was a little different.  It was hard on the edge but it still ended up pretty good everywhere else.  This place has been cleaned up pretty well over the years.  I even noticed the health inspections have finally gotten better.  I would be lying if I didn't tell you that this is my favorite hot dog in town and occasionally crave it.  The area is scary so you may want to exercise your second amendment right when you come here.  Also parking blows since there is always more people that want to go here at lunch than spots to park.  It is a very casual place that you order at the counter and seat yourself.  This place used to be a fried chicken fast food place I think about 20 years ago when I was a kid.
5	Get the beef
2	First time experience was disappointing.  The Italian Beef with cheese, small fry and a small drink tallied up to $12+ so I assumed it would come fully loaded........wrong.  EACH topping is an additional $.65.  With that being said, I figured the sandwich would taste amazing.......wrong.   Finally, bad customer service, the cashier appeared as if he hated his life.  It will be a while before I give this place another shot.
4	Heard through friends that this is the place to go for good ol' Chicago food.  I'm from Chicago so I'm kind of an expert. :) At first, we were not impressed.  We arrived about 20 minutes after they opened and we did not even see an employee for 10 minutes. He was running a 1 man show and cooking up the order that was ahead of us. He finally took our order with no apology for the wait but let me tell you, the food was worth the wait. I had the pepper and egg sandwich, Amazing!!!  My boyfriend had a chili dog and fries which he said was really good!  We'll definitely go back, hopefully the service will be better. I have a feeling that his co-worker was late and that was the problem, still not an excuse though.
4	Luke's has the best Italian beef I've ever had.  I've been going here for almost 20 years (geez, I'm getting old!) and it's always great quality, piping hot and spicy hot if you get it with the hot pepper mix --which is uniformly HOT.  I love this stuff.  Jalapenos, celery and other veggies pickled into atomic flavor bombs.  If you don't like hot jalapenos, you may want to pick another topping option.  The beef is always tender and I've never had a gristly or fatty piece.  The bread is good stuff--they get it from a local bakery and it's perfect.  The fries are crinkly cut and yummy --if they cook them long enough (hate it when the fries aren't crisp --and these can be soggy if they pull them out of the fryer too soon).  They have diet RC on tap and unlike other places, they have a good syrup to soda proportion instead of cheaping out so it tastes like soda should--not just like fizzy Phoenix tap water.The sandwiches might seem a little pricey compared to other places, but they're totally worth it --and if you read my other reviews, you know that I have a very sensitive price to value ratio, so that's high praise coming from me.
2	Meat has decreased in quality over last couple of years. Lukes, step up your game.
4	First time here today, went with a coworker.  I had the Italian beef and sausage sandwich and it was delicious.  The beef was more shaved/shredded than sliced which I personally liked, I think it seemed to make it tender.  The sausage was a delicious Italian link, not too spicy but just enough kick to add that extra flavor.  I'm looking forward to trying more of their dishes because I will be coming back!
5	Holy crap.  I can't believe I'm saying this but their Italian Beef is better than the Chicago Hamburger Company, and if you are a west sider, then I'll tell you it is better than Fuzzy's of Chicago also.  That is a seriously strong statement and I am shaking my head in disbelief while writing it, just like I was shaking my head in disbelief while eating it.Did I say holy crap!?  HOLY CRAP its good.The beef is wonderfully tender and juicy.  So juicy in fact they don't even serve it with au jus, but they do have it on hand if requested.  I recommend you ask for a side.  Save some for me though!My only very minor statement is that I like the hot pepper mix at my other two spots better, but the beef...  OH the BEEF makes up for this tiny shortcoming.I can't wait to go back.... and back... and back.
1	I so badly want a Chicago style Italian beef joint near my house - and though I live just a few blocks away  - Luke's of Chicago is not it. I've been here twice - each time brimming with optimism at the hope of getting an approximation of the real deal.  Both times I was treated to hard, stale bread, bland meat, flavorless jus, burnt greasy fries.I am sure my craving will return at some point - and because LOC is the closest thing in the area, I am sure I will be tempted.  I am leaving this review to remind myself to not waste my time.
4	Great beef, great bread, great sausage. It is a bit greasy and the fried zucchini leaves a bit to be desired, but overall it is incredible. If you are a fan of Chicago style Italian sandwiches then stop by Luke's. Try the tamale if you're feeling ironic or just go with the beef and sausage combo with sweet peppers if you want a juicy kick in the mouth.
2	I really wanted to give 1 star, but the beef was good. Got 2 Italian roast beef sandwiches and fries.LOUSY service, mediocre proportions vs others around, no fresh cut fries! Hardly any giardiniera. Come on. Fresh cut fries are sooo much better and cheaper for the store. Rude fat bastard working the counter. Even my mom couldn't believe how rude he was. He acted like it was the worst day of his life and he wanted to burn the place down or something.Almost every other place I have tried has more meat and no probs with customer service. Rosati's was better. Joey's was better. Chicago hamburger company was better. Defalcos was better. Philadelphia sandwich company was better, kinda. PSC is kinda hit and miss.Luke's was good a long time ago. With so many other places serving basically the same thing, you have to set yourself apart from other places. Luke's does, but in a bad way. And if you've ever had a sandwich in Chicago, DOESN"T EVEN COMPARE! Twice if not 3x more meat.AND I ASKED FOR IT DIPPED! THEY DIDN'T!
5	Best Chicago style hot dogs and Italian Beef in the Valley.  Cheese fries!!! Service can be hit or miss but never terrible.  The food is as good as it gets when it comes to greasy fare!!
3	I think I have only had Italian beef fries and gelato here. Peoples comments on service are on point. Today was a little funny. Older lady who took my order seemed a little frazzled wasn't familiar with garlic parmesean fries and I was repeating everything.  I asked about why phone kept ringing when I tried to call in order. Her response was boss was had to talk to wife for half hour then she had to make some phone calls as well. Food did come out quick and as always italian beef is great. I think next time Ill order dry and sauce on the side. The peppers are not hot. The fries were overcooked and next time Ill order regular fries. It was just garlic powder and dry parmesean. Was expecting fresh garlic and parmesean crumble that you can taste not what you get when you order take out pizza. JR size italian beef is more than enough for me Decent price close enough to work but there is another spot on the Arcadia side that is closer to home better service better hot peppers and even better price so now im going to change my rating to three stars.
1	Owner or whoever was at the counter was extremely rude. I asked if they sold hot dogs because I was not familiar with the menu and the guy replies, "I don't know, we're getting ready to close." okaaay???? So I went to Johnnie's instead and had the BEST Chicago style hot dog and it was cheaper too!
4	I have had the Italian Beef, and the Meatball Sandwich here. Both were damn good. The service was above average, and the place is clean. I cannot say that I know what true Chicago style deli food is.. do they have different herbs and spices there which are not available here in PHX? To anyone reviewing who has said something like: "I'm from Chicago.." or "I know what authentic Chicago food is like.." Go somewhere else. You suck. I can't imagine ever saying something like that.. but let me give it a swing for fun: "I am from Los Angeles, and I know what real traffic is like.. Phoenix traffic jams are super weak.. nothing like back home."
4	When I think of hot dogs I think of Luke's of Old Chicago's. Their hot dogs are the real deal piled high with an array of condiments and fries all wrapped up in wax paper to go to get that Old Chicago feeling. My wife and I have been there many times over the years and never had bad service, the staff is top notch! Best place to go in Phoenix to get a dog!
3	Not bad, I found it a little pricey and the staff was either spacey or just didn't care (I didn't get a can of soda I paid for). The food is excellent though. I started getting the food to go, the place itself is a little annoying to hang out at.
4	just ate dinner here tonight....WoW...Still the best! Italian Beef was Awesome! Chili Cheese fries were BomB! food was hot, fresh, and brought to our table fast. If you lkie Chicago style, you have to get over there.
5	I'm trying all the Chicago joints lately and stopped here because my patient told me that Luke's had a very good beef. Went in and had combo, extra hot, dipped.  Beef was very good, gonnella bread, homemade giardiner was a nice change and really added to the peppery taste.  Hotdogs don't remind me of home but they have RC and that alone puts u in 5 stars.  Best pop ever!  I'd go for the beef, fries, RC
4	If you don't like grease than don't come here.  The food is so greasy I can see how it can turn some people off but it is oh so good.  The fries are crispy and the Italian Beef and Italian sausage sandwiches are great.  If I have a complaint it that there is not enough giardena put on when you order it, plus it is placed on top of the sandwich and half of it always seems to fall off.  Soda's are on the low end of the soda chain, who serves RC? Really?  Dripping good sandwhiches- no need to ask for it wet.
5	5 is not enough stars.I'm a vegetarian, and off the menu, there is a grilled veggie subsandwich, that's Hot!superb value, excellent authentic taste with natural ingredients.this is the place to be.excellent service, great location, perfect food!!:-)
4	Beef was very good!  Not a huge fan of their giardiniera... but it was still tasty.  I needed to go somewhere where I could see a Walter Payton jersey and some pictures of Michigan Avenue and this did the trick!  Since I don't live close to a Portillo's, I will be back here again.  Da Bears!
4	I love Luke's! This location is the best by far. I've been to others and for some reason the food here is always better. The Italian Beef (hot, sweet, and juicey) is amazing. The fries are amazing. The hot dogs are pretty dang good too, but the hot dog itself could be a little better. Not sure which brand they use, but that would be my only minor complaint. Not that the hot dogs aren't enjoyable because they absolutely are...heck, I eat them all the time! I'm just saying that I've had other Vienna Beef hot dogs that tasted a bit better. Maybe they're boiled instead of grilled? Overall though, you can't go wrong. I'm a big fan! Keep up the good work and I will keep coming back!
3	These guys make a pretty decent Italian beef sandwich - not my all-time favorite, but a little better than average. I ordered beef with cheese, dipped, and was pretty happy with it. The bread maybe wasn't cut quite enough, so I got that kind of sandwich where half the bites are just bread - but it was cooked pretty well, and was dripping with meat juice.The fries were ok - never been a huge fan of the thick crinkle-cut fries, but they were cooked right. The RC in the fountain was something different, so that's always nice.
3	so I finally decided to come back to Lukes. I had been several years ago, but never made it back. I went for the Italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with provolone and sweet peppers.  It set me back just over $9.00. A tad pricey, but it was a pretty good sandwich. The bread was very fresh and the beef seemed to be very well seasoned. it also came with a cup of Jus, that it definitely needed. I'll def go back if I'm ever in the mood for an Italian beef sandwich, but I'd prob skip the sausage next time.
4	One of my Fav places.  I have been going there for years. but i always order the same thing....Italian beef. the wife will get a chicago dog or a maxwell street.  Im from outside of chicago and my wife grew up downtown.  When we get the craving for that neighborhood type food we will hit Lukes.  its almost as good.  not quite there. but is close.  Why cant Mr Beef on Orleans ave open a phx location?  But lukes does well filling the craving when needed.  I completely understand the comments on the service.  We have been going there for years and they have always been nice to us. but seen some people get some cold reactions. Oddly they remind me of 2 brothers who owned a deli where i grew up.  Its kind of like the soup Nazi from Seinfield. Know your  order or donot go up to the counter.  dont ask stupid questions about menu items, order clearly and quickly.  pay and sit and wait. the food will be brought out fairly fast. lol.When i get that back home craving for some artery clogging italian beef and wonderfully greasy fries. Lukes is the go to place. and a reminder that if i lived in chicago i would probably weigh about 400lbs.
4	Had a really good beef and sausage combo dipped in aujus (gravy).  Make sure you ask for extra gravy.  I will be back!
4	Here is what you should have for lunch - Italian sausage with sweet peppers, hot peppers, and cheese. Throw in a order of fries plus a RC cola. Love it.
4	Stopped in here yesterday to give a try because fellow Yelper Anthony P swears by the fries and this place is so much closer to me than Port...'s (not long because the Tempe location opens Sept 10).  (I also hate to mention a competitor in my reviews, thus the abbreviation)So went with a very close and dear friend visiting me from out of town.  She wanted a Chicago-style polish sausage and it was dinner time, so what a great opportunity to stop by Luke's.  I love Italian Beef sandwiches, so Luke's was the perfect place to stop in.My friend ordered the polish sausage.  She was so satisfied with it that she wanted to go back the next day and have another.  I put a quick stop to that.   But we'll return before she leaves.  My friend said that the Polish Sausage was better than alot that she'd had in Chicago when she lived there.I had the Jr Italian Beef and whoooooooo wee.  Lemme tell ya.  That thing is amazing and the Jr is HUGE.  I had it for dinner and lunch the next day!  Definitely the best in Phoenix and quite possibly better than most that I have had while I lived in Chicago too.  The bread is quite delicious.  I'm not a big bread eater, but a little dippy-dip-dip of the sandwich in the au jus and I have to sample the bread a little bit.  See, the Italian Beef is on a very dense bread that can hold up to single, double and triple dips in au jus!  Trust me when I say this, if you don't get your Italian Beef dipped, you're missing out on something special!!!!  I also had the giardiarano peppers on my sandwich.  Those were tasty but with little to no heat.  Not the best I've had.  The star of this sandwich is quite frankly... the beef.  Where's the beef?  Oh, Luke's has got it baby.  The beef on that Italian Beef melts in your mouth real real good while exploding with mellow saltiness and HUGE flavor in your mouth.  OH!  Goodness, I could scream that beefy goodness was just delicious!  The best tasting Italian beef I've had in a long long time.  Better tasting that Port..'s.  This place is conveniently located right off the 51 on Indian School.  Very easy to locate.  Look for the sign with the little Chicago Gangster on it and the Pepsi products on the sign (they have 7UP, RC cola, etc).   It is a small place, so I would not say it is good for large groups.  But certainly you can go with a group of 6 or less and should be comfortable, provided they don't have a crowd already there.  The menu has a lot more to choose from, ever heard of a Chicago style hot dog?  Uhm yeah... i've heard Luke's dogs are good too!  They close fairly early, 8pm.So, why the 4 star, well, I docked them for the lack luster peppers and the fries.  My good Yelping buddy Anthony P swears by these fries, but the fries were just *aight* for me.  So, I had to dock them for not providing an all around amazing experience.  BUT still... my friend and I are returning this week.... for round 2.  Trust me... That thick giant beefy sandwich is worth it... and my friend likes the polish sausage too.  TWSS.
3	I was born and raised in Chicago and I can tell you this place is the closest I've come to getting an Italian beef sandwich from home. Only, I get twice as much meat for a cheaper price. I bought an Italian beef sandwich and small fries for $10 and change???First off the parking sucks, although the location is easily accessible. The place is also small and I don't believe can set 50 people more less 25 comfortably. Now, on to the food;  I've yet to try everything on the menu because I went for one thing only: the Italian beef. While the beef is thinly sliced, something about the seasoning is off. I'm used to getting my sandwich dipped and it not totally sopping up the bread. I also don't remember it tasting so oily.  As for the fries, again, I've had better. They're nicely crisped on the outside but dry as hell on the inside. WTH?Makes me wanna go home.
1	This has been one of my regular spots for Italian beef since the 90's.  My trip today will be my last.   Luke's used to have their own beef that was tasty.  Well today they used some frozen Vienna beef that was like rubber, taste was not nearly the same and the color was off.  This made me sad since I've been a long time customer.  This isn't the first example of them cheapening out.  I guess I will have to go through the trouble of making my own Italian beef and will have to find a good jar giardiniera.
4	Came in for a business lunch around noon on a weekday and we narrowly avoided the lunch rush: this place is POPULAR (and for good reason).Based on recommendations here, I ordered the Italian sausage with sweet and hour peppers and let them do the sandwich in au jus, which they recommended. For me, that was too wet and messy; I would prefer the sauce on the side.The owner's son attended us at the counter and was pleasure to meet. He was incredibly enthusiastic about the restaurant (even though he said he had been working there since he turned 12) and equally knowledgeable about the product, recommending a number of substitutions and configurations.Basically, my food was an exalted, gourmet version of Costco's polish dog and I loved it. I'm looking forward to trying the beef sandwich next time.
5	This place is amazing. Great food. The owner is a great guy. We got there at 8pm and he had just turned off the sign but he still took our order. The food came out pretty fast but it was not rushed at all. I had the Chicago dog and my friend had the Italian beef. We were both please with our choices I will definitely be back here soon.
1	I used to enjoy coming here as I have enjoyed their food over the past five years. I work nearby and used to recommend this place to new employees and students on rotations at my job site.The food has remained pretty consistent over the years but the customer service has fallen way below satisfactory. There are a couple of employees that seem pleased to help you as you place your order but the older man who has been there lately is just not friendly. I have tolerated it lately as I've enjoyed the food over the years but today was the last day I'll go back. He is rude, unwelcoming and does not understand basic customer service.  Today, after standing in line with six others, he took the orders of the five individuals in front of me. As soon as he took that fifth order he walked around from behind the counter as if I wasn't even there in plain view, walked past me and proceeded to pick up trash off the floor, wipe some tables down, then walked past me once again, never acknowledging me, to grab the trash bin and baskets.As he approaches the counter once again, I ask if he is going to take my order and he says, "do you not see I'm doing something?"  I ask again what he said in case I heard him incorrectly and he repeats himself asking if I did not see him doing something then proceeds to tell me I am rude. I say you clearly don't want my business and I left. This is no way to treat a loyal customer of five years with many referrals to your business. Very unfortunate.
2	This is no Al's beef (unfortunately the one in Scottsdale closed). Luke's Italian beef is dry and lackluster in flavor. Literally no hint of giradinera. Very disappointed.  Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
5	They're GREAT!  Everything tastes just like it does in Chicago...love the tamales!!!Sharon D
4	It's one of my top go-to places for Chicago-style hot dogs. (Remember, kids - there are *seven* condiments, and not a single one of them is ketchup! ^_^; )A Chicago dog and fries are always a great deal, and it's nice to see a place that has RC Cola and related brands on tap. (Something you don't see every day, but then there's a good distributor in the area, so I hear.)Parking around the place is somewhat limited, but it's all in timing your visits. I've yet to be there when the place is packed. Luck of the draw, I guess.When I hear that folks from Illinois (Whether visiting, or relocated) stop by, then that clinches the deal there. (I'm an ex [or "exiled"] Californian, but I have appreciation for a good Chicago-style dog.)
5	Ordered the Italian beef sandwich with gardinaire. Great tasting, moist and flavorful. Will be on my regular rotation of lunch spots.
5	Luke's has been around as long as I can remember- at least since my first visit in the early 1990's. The food is consistent superb.  The service is friendly, personal and exactly what I want from a family owned business. Chicago Dog, Sausage or my favorite the Beef with extra Luke's homemade giardiniera, ya can't go wrong.
5	I love Luke's! Originally, I was referred to them by my girlfriend's parents who swear by this place. I have had their Italian hot beef, their burgers, and hot dogs and I am always completely satisfied. A little greasy, but well worth the money!
5	The best Italian beef Phoenix has to offer, heck, it may be  best sandwich in all if Arizona..and I have tried many. Get it "wet"with cheese peppers and extra gravy..the only place you might find a better one is in chi-town itself...You NEED to bring one to Arrowhead area!!!! Please!!!!
1	ZERO stars if I could.  Good Lord, has this place gone downhill.  First off, to the Jerry Garcia wannabe with all of the fake jewelry, do the owner a favor and just quit.  You are single-handedly killing his business.  You're rude, lazy and a downright tool.  He doesn't acknowledge you or say a word to you, and when he pay, he throws your card or change back at you like he's doing you a favor.  If you look up "douche" in the dictionary, it will be a picture of him.  The bread was stale, the beef was rubber, and the giardiniera was so oily it was ridiculous.  The bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned in weeks.  The toilet had a fresh floater staring back.  I will definitely never be back.  Easy to see now why the other two locations have closed.  I'll spend my 12 bucks where I'm appreciated.
3	Went to Luke's first time today. Had their special Italian beef $7.85. When you add the toppings at $1 a piece like peppers and cheese and onion it can be quite pricey. They really should be included don't think I'll be going back.
1	My wife and I have enjoyed lunch at Luke's just  about every Saturday since we met in 2008. She introduced me to Italian beef and is a native of Chicago. We first visited one of the two in Tucson and then alternated between the three -now one left--in the Phoenix area. We normally split an Italian beef; extra beef, cheese, sweet peppers, dipped; two extra crispy fries and an order of their homemade, batter dipped, onion rings. The food is awesome and I've had many of the items on the menu. The down side is the service. Now, I don't need the staff to be all happy and smiley but politeness and customer oriented I do expect. The owner and employees seem to be bothered by customers coming in to order food. A son of the owner of the Phoenix area restaurant(s) ran a place in Chandler, it was very nice and consistently packed with a  steady flow of customers and pleasantries from the staff. Not sure why papa didn't want junior to succeed, especially when his old man and brother own the two in Tucson. Seems you would want this to keep going with the family and be proud of a the legacy.  Anyway the Chandler store was closed without a word to the steady customer they knew by name and order. Then the same thing happened to the Scottsdale location. Showed up one Saturday and the place is empty and up for lease. So, for food the rating would get all 5 stars from me, but the service leaves a bad taste in my mouth - pun intended. Still we come back every other week and search frantically for a quality Italian beef elsewhere.
1	My poor Arizonian babies...  I'm not sure if Luke is from Chicago or not, but this is not Chicago styled food.  I just moved to Phoenix from the Windy City in January and I had a hankering for an Italian Beef sandwich.  I started to try out Rosati's which is closer to where I live, but decided I'd yelp first to see what options I had.  Luke's was one of the more popular recommendations.  I stopped by this evening and there was a group of ladies in front of me.  I took a moment to look at the menu, but I already knew what I wanted- mostly just filling the time until the guy at the counter was ready to take my order.  As the girls took to their seats, I was expecting the guy to greet me or ask me what I was having. Not everyone's big on small talk.  I get it.  Welp, the guy walked past me and avoided eye contact, heading into the back.  I waited at the counter, and he came back out within seconds... And walked right past me again.  He was apparently getting some cups for the ladies who were in line before me.  A simple "I'll be with you in a minute" would do.  None offered.  So I finally place my order and give the guy my credit card.  He swipes it and sits it on the counter and walks into the back again.  I wasn't sure if he'd actually collected the payment or what, so I left it there.  He comes back out and is shuffling around a bit, finally noticing that my card is still on the counter, then asks me if it's mine.  Then he remembers that I still need to sign off on the receipt.  I get my food, and leave.  Bad service, I'm hoping the food at least makes up for it.  When I get home, I can't wait to dig into my Italian Beef.  Oh boy!  It was dry and the beef tasted like it had been re-cooked.  People, I'm from Chicago.  You can get this quality of Italian Beef from any hole-in-the-wall place in the city.  Thing is, it'll be about $4.  If you want a better quality sandwich, you'll probably go to an Al's beef location and spend about $6.  For $7.20 here, this place is ripping you off.
1	I have eaten at Luke's for some time now. I am not from Chicago so I can't offer any feedback on authenticity but it is usually pretty good. I am not sure what's up with the owner. I assume him to be the salt and pepper haired guy who appears to be in charge. No one working there seems happy and like many other reviewers have already said the fat dark hair man working the counter is a business killer. I would have to guess he is driving off 10s of customers a day minimum. The owner is either blind or just doesn't care because the rude treatment goes on when he is right there. Time for Luke to thrown in the towel or make some big changes.  Start by firing the rude #%ck at the counter.
2	My daughter a friend and I happened to be going by Luke's today and had heard it was good. The person that waited on us was crabby and didn't have a smile on his face. I had the Chicago dog, it was okay but the hot dog was not very hot. The fries were lukewarm. We won't be going back there again. I would not recommend it to anyone. Better dogs at Costco.
3	I had the jr beef and fries. The food was good but the price is kind of high. They charge for every topping (sweet pepper, hot pepper and cheese). They are not that friendly either. I probably won't go back.
5	Be prepared to sleep...to sleep deep...and sleep well...and hard.
4	Who doesn't like Vienna beef? Vienna beef is pretty much the only kind of hot dogs I will eat because they are so tasty. I came here and had a chicago dog and it was good....but really, how could it be bad? It had the neon green relish and the sport peppers, it was great. The fries were crispy and salty. The price was right (2 of us ate for about 10$). I used to come to Luke's as a kid, and it's just as good now as it was then. Definitely drop by if you're in the neighborhood!
4	From Chicago and of course my favorite sandwich is an Italian beef. This place is better than Portillos and can stand up proud to Al's. Fun Chicago memorabilia. Little pricey for beefs and fries.
4	I've lived in the neighborhood for a long time - and I've been to Luke's sporadically over the years. No good reason I don't go regularly - the food is always exactly what I expect and the prices are fair.I seem to stick with the Italian beef - but the menu also covers hot dogs, hamburgers, subs and Italian Sausage. (I will have to try sausage, peppers and onions with red sauce at some point - one of my ultimate comfort foods- to see if they're as good as Guido's in Scottsdale.)The beef is juicy, shaved thin - and works perfectly with the giardinera and hoagie roll. For those nights when I just need a mouthful of hot meat, Luke is my go-to guy! So happy I can satiate the craving right around the corner from home!
3	Maybe I went on a bad day but I wasn't so wowed about the Italian beef. Plus it was very expensive, spent about 27.00 for two Italian Beef sandwiches, one thing of chilli cheese fries and two drinks. The Italian beef seemed as if it was made half assed, it was just a hoagie bread ( super thick) stuffed with shredded Italian beef that was a bit bland. You guys can find a better place and cheaper. Too overpriced
4	Great Chicago hot dogs and beef!  Totally miss the Chandler location and don't get to Phoenix as often as I'd like.  I've had many things on the menu over the years.  Definitely worth a stop when you're in the neighborhood.
5	I was at home watching a show about  Chicago style hot dogs and Sandwiches, It  got my stomach growling. I googled and found Lukes. I had the sausage and roast beef sandwich loaded with their gardenia toppings. They do not skimp on meat and the roll they use is so good. It was one of the best sandwiches ever! I have gone several more times before I hit a Football game at ASU. Very small parking lot, can take out or eat in. Very small place, but well worth trying. Highly recommended!
3	Always love a good Chicago Dog and Luke's is a cool place to scarf down a couple. This location has been here for a long time and you can tell. The outside is a bit weathered with a very small eating area inside.Been coming here on and off since I moved out here. The menu has the typical Chicago favorites with the service and attitude that make you feel right at home. Giggles! Usually order one of the famous Chi-Dogs or maybe an Italian Beef with both sweet and hot peppers. The french fries here are your typical frozen crinkle cut kind and nothing special. Wish they had handcut. They are so much tastier and can be found in other Chi-town hole in the wall places around town.There are so many new Chicago restaurants in the PHX area now and some of them big chains. Luke's has lost their edge over the years. The quality of the food and the service is not as good as it was in the past and the prices keep going up. Maybe I'm just getting spoiled in my old age.Everyone has a different opinion of this place and the only way to find out is to give them a try. The parking lot is somewhat limited and a bit tricky at times. This place can definitely get really busy during peak eating hours. So get ready for a bunch of impatiant hungry people. ORDER UP!3 STARS
3	Good sandwich, fries were hot and Tea was cold.I eat out for lunch everyday all around Phoenix and the west and east valleys. Price was very high. Junior beef with cheese(small)$5.60 + .70(cheese)=$6.30, Regular fries $2.85, Medium drink $2.00. Tax .85. Total $12.08. Will not go back unless I hit lottery.
4	Great italian beef although their arent as many peppers as i would like so be sure to ask for extra. However, i am a fan of this place.
3	I had high hopes coming in but ended up disappointed.  Soggy bread and generic fries is really what I walked away with but the meat was pretty good.  Not $14.00 for the meal good but pretty good nonetheless.
5	If you love beef and/or sausage sandwiches, this is the place.  Awesome flavor, HUGE portions, and greasy goodness.  All the locations are older, simple, and who cares.  You're there for the food, not the ambiance.
3	First time to Luke's, and I'm no connesuir of things Chicago, but I left fairly un-impressed. While in line I was told by a fellow luncher that the Italian beef was the way to go so I went with his suggestion plus sweet peppers and provolone. The food was good, not great. The bread was probably the best part and there was more than plenty of it to eat. The peppers and beef were fairly flavorless in my opinion. I wasn't disappointed but I won't be hurrying back either.
