3	Another YERRAA challenge, Fran's turned out to be pretty rad! They've recently remodeled the interior and while the decor is a little confusing (a mix of southwestern color and old timey chotchkeys) the space is pretty comfy, if very open. Tables are painted with varying themes, cute. Service was great, as we had several waiters checking in on us from time to time in addition to our main gal. You gotta love a staff that works together to make sure everyone's happy.The lunch menu was simple, and somewhat veg-friendly. The specialty sammiches looked awesome (Croque Monsieur, Thanksgiving Stack, other inventive plates), but there was no veg option. You do have the option of assembling your own - choose a bread, cheese, veggie, etc. Salads work the same way - a list of house special concoctions, or build your own. I opted for the soup and salad side of the day, both of which were good - french lentil salad with onions, maters, goat cheese garnish. Tomato bisque, while salty, was very flavorful. A little expensive at $5 for a mug of soup accompanied by captain's wafers, but the cheapness of the salad side offset that to end up at about $8 for my meal. Sammiches are in that same range, and come with chips or a choice from their tasty housemade salads and slaws.They have a wider range of veg options at night (including the ubiquitous veggie burger), according to our waitress. I'll make a point of coming back, as the flavors and attention to detail at Fran's imply that someone's really thinking about flavor. Lots of potential! Yay!
5	The word is out on Fran's Filling Station. When a new place opens and people just seem to flock to it with no advertising you know that word of mouth is spreading. This place has outstanding food. Located in the same shopping center as Rusan's and Fiamma in the former Gone Hog Wild location. The space has been totally redecorated and is warm and funky at the same time.The food concept is driven by two factors, fun and deliciousness. The result as you would expect it's fun to eat delicious food. Some diner entrees include a first rate Maryland style crab cake with a spicy remoulade or Mussels your way with bacon, beer& hot pepper or with white wine and garlic or with red curry. All three are winners and I recommend getting them with the Fries (Belgian Style) to sop up the sauce. If you feeling like something a bit more homey go for one of the Mom inspired dishes. What a pleasure it was recently to meet Mom. She was visiting and happened to be hanging at the bar. As it turns out Mom is not just sweet but also the originator of many of the best dishes. Try the meatloaf, eggplant parm, the meatballs with crusty bread and lots of marinara, I like mine with plenty of gooey cheese. Or the Thanksgiving on a plate. All the players are included. House roasted Turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and rockin stuffing. The sides can make a dish sing and many hit real high notes for me. Standouts include the roasted cauliflower; each day features a braised green and also a green veg du jour. Another can't miss side is the Creamy Cheesy Polenta. Lets get real if its creamy and cheesy its got to be fantastic and it sure is.The daily specials are many things, eclectic, innovative, traditional, down home, gourmet, and old school and very original. The element that they always share is being faithful to the concept of delicious and fun. Recent specials included - Crispy corned beef, sort of a deconstructed Rueben sandwich, Lobster taco's, Texas Brisket and baked beans, Ciopino an amazing seafood stew, Beef Stroganoff, Roast Chicken and even Chicken Fried Steak to name a fewThe pastry chef has some serious chops and if you have the room desert is a great way to top off your meal if you have room for it.Whether you want to top off your tank or if you are on empty and want to fill er up Fran's Filling Station will leave your engine purring.
3	I went to Fran's today after reading the reviews, I couldn't wait.   I was in the mood for some comfort food, I was going to over order, so I could have leftovers for my husband tonight. Yah!!  Couldn't wait.When I sat down and looked at the lunch menu, it was like, "rrrrrrrt", the needle going off the record, you know that noise.  There were no mashed potatoes.  No creamy cheese polenta and no crab cake with spicy remoulade.  WAHHHHHH.   There were only sandwiches and salads and one cup of soup.  Rat's ass.So I ordered the hot turkey sandwich with cheese, slaw, bacon and russian dressing.  Toasted bread does not a hot sandwich make. It was a beautiful sandwich don't get me wrong, piled high  and great quality turkey, but cold when you took a bite.  I don't want to be petty, but a hot sandwich shouldn't be cold in the middle. The sandwiches come with a side and I ordered slaw, it was shredded cabbage and carrots with a little mayo and salt.  It needed a little more love.  I did see some desserts go by and they looked AWESOME!  They did not look like processed sweets that restaurants try to pass off as homemade.Alright, I made my mind up, I will quit being a baby and quit whinning about cold turkey, but it feels so good to vent....Service was great and they wore cute t shirts.  Fran's is everything a local neighborhood restaurant should be, can't wait to go back for the evening menu.
5	I went to Fran's today for lunch with a group from work (pre-thanksgiving excursion)!  All 6 of us loved our food.  Everything about Fran's was fresh... the food, the decor, the service.  It had a great atmosphere and extremely reasonable prices.  I will definitely be going back and telling everyone I can about it.  I can't wait to try them out for dinner.
2	I have to disagree...It has just received 3 stars from Helen Scwabb but i don't get why! I literally just finished eating lunch there and it was a definite miss. The decor to the place was so Blah and the one out of three severs working was running around sweating while the other two did there checkout! Put that all aside its truly about the food right? Well I had the soup of the day it was good a parsnip and corn Bisque i liked it then my Nicoise Salad with Tuna came....i want to be nice but i really had hoped the cooks would have maybe say cleaned the lettuce so that i wasn't chewing on dirt! It was all wrong in my mouth and all I could do was push it away and throw back my coke! The lettuce was dirty the Tuna wasn't seasoned and was overcooked. My boss was with me and unfortunately had a similar experience with his Meatloaf sandwich he asked for it Hot it came Cold and just not good! Our server was not attentive and didn't catch on that it wasn't good.I love trying new places but this one really surprised me after the review and what Y'all had to say about this place. Maybe it was an off day but it was by far a bad dining experience. I really found the menu to be all over the place too many different style's of cooking the concept needs to be more clear cause its not just south-or southwest cooking. To be honest I'm not too sure what they are going for but maybe they should do something different!!
3	I am giving Fran's 3-stars.  It might deserve a little less, and I want to give it more.I have been twice for dinner and had the meatloaf which was kind of mushy, and the slow-roasted beef which was pretty good.  My wife had the entree order of Mac and cheese--let me just say that I don't get that but the wife thinks it is genius--and she enjoyed it, but thought al dente pasta was odd in this dish.  The next time she tried the meatballs which she liked.On our first trip we started the the fried-pickles which were really good.  I haven't had the guts to try the Bacon-Wrapped Tater Tots with maple, black pepper & rosemary glaze but one day I will because...well, just because.I suppose that I have tipped my hand that I will be going back again.  I am determined to like this place.  A waiter told me that the desserts are wonderful and that their chef was really a pastry chef.  Maybe that explains the execution on the food--accurately measured ingredients but not enough heart and soul.  Perhaps I should go right from the tater tots to dessert?
5	I love Fran's Filling Station! My mom and I decided to eat here because we loved the Metropolitan Bakery and Cafe. When we went into the restaurant we were greeted by friendly servers and observed happy customers. We couldn't wait to try the "Best Fries in Charlotte" -boy were they fabulous!Everyone knows Fran's for the incredible lunch sandwhiches but you have to try the dinner menu. My favorite entree is the meatballs. The bacon-wrapped tator tots were delicious and unlike anything I'd ever eaten before.I give Fran's FIVE STARS because not only is Fran's menu is creative and unique but there is something for everyone on the menu. Come with your family, come with your friends, but you've gotta try Fran's!
5	Fran, your food is filling. So filling. And sooo delicious. Hubs and I dropped by for a casual dinner and pretty much ordered way too much. Big shocker, I know, but really we couldn't help ourselves. The menu was filled with comfort food goodness. Inside, Fran's is really adorable. There are about 15 tables and a small bar right at the front. All the servers seem to work together to greet, seat and take care of their customers. I'm a big fan of teamwork. Once we settled in at the bar, we started with the Fried Pickles and were happy to see a huge portion - one side was spiced, while the other was plain. The flavor was right on and the breading was nice; my only suggestion would be to crisp them up a bit more. For my meal, I ordered the Latin Wedge Salad which is filled with yumness - corn, roasted red peppers, iceberg, creamy sherry vinaigrette, avocado, boatload of cheese and grape tomatoes. The salad was one of the best I've had in Charlotte; it was super flavorful and ginormous. And of course, I had to try the Mac 'n Cheese, just for research purposes. Holy yum. Again, a huge portion for $6. It's absolutely a meal and half on its own. Per Fran, who is just incredibly sweet and friendly, her 'mazing mac includes cheddar, American and pecorino cheese. The service in total was top notch - all the servers were knowledgeable, laid back and offered great suggestions for we first timers. Although, I was clearly super full, I ordered the Chocolate Cake, again, just to see how it was. (Yeah right) Now, I'm a huge chocolate fan, but not always a cake fan because of the potential dry factor. I am delighted to say that the chocolate cake was fantastic - moist cake, delectable frosting (not too thick) and a huge scoop of whipped cream AND ice cream. You can say I made room for dessert and planned a long run for the next morning. I left Fran's Filling station with a super full belly, a huge bag of leftovers and the notion that I certainly want to be a regular here!
4	I adore Fran's.  It's super-crowded sometimes, and service gets a little slow, but when they bring you that pot of beer, bacon and hot pepper soaked mussels, all is forgiven.  I've only been twice, but because they have a mix of smallish plates I've tried quite a few items.  Always coming back to the mussels, though, I have to admit.  Anyway -- the deviled egg of the day was a hit one time and a miss the second time.  But a cool concept anyway.  Seared tuna was tasty, as were roasted tomatoes and "shrimp two ways".  The wine list is good and the "redneck manhattan" is outstanding.
4	YUM! I had been hearing good things about this place around time and finally had the opportunity to stop in for lunch. Surprisingly I stopped in a little after 1pm and the place was empty there were only two other ladies in there eating lunch which can be a scary sign sometimes. However the waitress said it was packed the week before so maybe everyone just burned to much cash on restaurant week or something. My friend and I shared the Greek wedge salad with salmon and Fran's signature roast beef sandwich with jalapeno slaw something or another it was all great. I also enjoyed my farmers market salad for a side which was fresh watermelon with red onion, and feta very tasty. Our server was terrific and everything tasted homemade and very fresh. I'm always looking for a place to grab a salad by work and this place will be my new go to. Enjoy!
5	Fran!!!! That was my version of a shout out. This menu is full of so much good comfort food that it's hard to decide every time I go. Only 10 or so small tables in the restaurant, but no worries, I feel at home at the bar ordering from there and watching whatever on the one TV in the joint. Fried pickles, bacon wrapped tater tots, burgers, "thanksgiving dinner", amazing salads and homemade desserts...the list continues. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town and I continue to brings friends and family here each time they visit. Make sure you talk to Fran when you're there as she's always walking the tables are standing at the end of the bar throwing out her recommendations for the day. I end up always listening and enjoying everything that comes out of the kitchen.
3	My hubby and I tried out Fran's Filling Station based on a recommendation from Nicole W.  She told us this was the place to get some great dessert so I had to go right away.  For some reason I had never noticed Fran's Filling Station despite being in the area several times (I'm at the Run for Your Life store in the same shopping area all the time).  We stopped in for a nice little lunch.  The lunch menu wasn't huge and most of the choices seemed kind of fancy.  I ended up with a hot turkey sandwich with a side of potato salad.  The potato salad lacked flavor and I wouldn't get it again.  The sandwich was very tasty and I had plenty left over for a second meal later.  The hubby got the daily special which was some kind of italian sausage with peppers.  It was ok, but my meal was way better (and he agreed).  Our service was just ok.  Our waitress was friendly but not overly attentive.  Fran came to our table to see how we liked our lunch and she was really sweet.  As promised, the best part of Fran's was definitely the dessert.  We ordered the tuxedo cake and it was outstanding!  Layers of chocolate and white cake with a creamy filling between layers.  Hubby and I were clanking our forks together trying to get the next bite as quick as possible.  One thing that felt off about this place was the music.  We were sitting down for a relaxing lunch and the music playing was bumping stuff like Black Eyed Peas.  Just seemed strange for the crowd and the atmosphere.  Overall the lunch menu seemed a little high priced.  I want to come back to try dinner and I'll definitely be back again for dessert!
3	Finally got to check out Frans yesterday for lunch. Unfortunately I wasn't blown away like I had hoped.  I got basically the french dip sandwich with the pickled jalepeno slaw.  Not sure there was any jalepeno in it.  Thought the sandwish would have been much better if there would have been some cheese on it.  I was disappointed to find the sweet potato chips were actually bagged chips and pretty tasteless at that.   Must say not sure that I'd go back for something just fair.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite places in Charlotte. It's a fantastic neighborhood restaurant worth driving across town for. It's small and homey with Fran herself checking up on her guests and refilling drinks.The menu is full of tasty options. The bacon-wrapped tater tots are as good as their name would suggest, the fried chicken sandwiches are some of the best I've ever had, and the bowl of meatballs--yes, a bowl of meatballs--are amazing. But the real stars here are the specials. Each night has a theme and an appropriate dish, as well as whatever Fran decides to send out.Definitely a place worth checking out and a true Charlotte gem.
1	i walked in with my gf @ 9:15 on saturday night, ready to try this place out. i had heard some good things. there were 2 tables of people eating/drinking and one table finishing up. we saddle up to the bar, waited for a few minutes longer than we would have liked but nonetheless a waitress walked up to the bar only to NOT acknowledge us, grab four empty glass and casually waddle back to the servicing area. she then proceeded to do something other than even speak to us to let us know she would be back to take our order...im mean nothing, the height of rudeness. we waited for her to see us getting up and walked right out of that b!tch. i highly doubt i would ever go back unless someone i trust pleads with me to try it again. too bad to b/c we just moved onto their FN street. poor show frans, supremely poor show...booooooooooo!!! ::sticks tongue out like a little baby::
5	I've been once for lunch and again another time for dinner. For lunch I had a really tasty roast beef sandwich with some great fries. We started dinner with sweet potato tater tots skewered with bacon glazed with maple syrup. It was as good as it sounds. It was so good that I don't remember what I had for dinner. I guess that ends this review.
5	I continue to love eating at Fran's. I really dig the concept here. It's a mixture of bar type food reinvented into a whole new thing. Like say tater tots, here served bacon wrapped with rosemary black pepper glaze or jalapeno bacon wrapped sweet potato tots with Tabasco honey glaze. Mercy! Or a special of buttermilk fried chicken with a side of mac and cheese fritters. Incredible! Now on the same menu I have enjoyed some pristine fish du jour, not run of the mill frozen fish. I'm talking day boat grouper, triggerfish, snapper, and trout all beautiful. Entrees like lamb ragu with rigatoni, ricotta and goat cheese, or chicken Milanese topped with a light salad. Or Mrs. G. enjoying the Latin Wedge salad with roasted pepper, corn, and avocado. Yum. I hope this explains my affection for this place. It is both bar food loved up to a new level of tasty and fine dining food with an injection of fun spirit.
4	Bacon wrapped tator tots.  'Nuff said.  I love tots.  And I love bacon.  Put the two together and I'm a happy girl!Aside from the tots, Fran's offers a nice menu with great dishes.  You can't go wrong when dining at Fran's!
3	If I were just reviewing the food, I would give more stars, but since I couldn't separate the food from the whole experience, I have to give Fran's a "medium."   I walked into Fran's, which is cute enough, and was immediately overwhelmed by the smell of ginger. SO WEIRD!  I spent the rest of my time there (and truthfully much of the rest of the day) wondering what the heck made the place smell so strange. Was it a candle? If so, "Bad Fran! No smelly candles near food!"   Was it something in the kitchen (what sandwiches have ginger in them?)? Perhaps they  were brewing up a big pot of ginger tea somewhere (Which is totally disgusting).  My sandwich was good (included what looked like home-made bacon!), and the potato salad was very good.  It was refreshing to experience a mayo-based potato salad that actually had flavor and wasn't overly mayo'd. I may go back.  And hopefully I won't leave with that ginger smell in my hair again. PS I hate ginger!
2	Maybe we hit it on an off night?  We'd heard so many great things about Fran's... especially their veggie burger.  So, we finally decided to go give it a try.  I was totally thrown off when we walked in the place.  It was very nice... almost too nice... especially considering the name.  And likewise, the prices were very nice.  Much more than we expected for a "filling station" but we'd talked about giving it a try for so long we decided to splurge.After viewing the menu, I was so intrigued by the blue corn meal crusted calamari, that I decided to skip out on the veggie burger, and ordered the calamari and the "best fries in Charlotte".  The calamari was super super salty and sort of soggy.  Not very appetizing.  I tried to flake off the corn meal crust but it was stuck on, along with all the salt.  Between 2 of us we couldn't even finish them and they were just an appetizer size.  The fries were okay, but I wouldn't say "the best".  The best part of the veggie burger (which Ben still ordered as planned) was the special carrot relish/salad.  But the actual burger wasn't that great and fell apart with the slightest touch.Overall we were pretty disappointed and most likely won't be back to give it another go.
2	The Boyfriend and I tried Fran's for the first time at lunch today, after passing it many a time on our way to Ru San's or Sunset Grille.We were cheerfully greeted when we came in, and told a table would be cleaned for us shortly.  It was pretty busy, which I took as a good sign.  A quartet of women at the table near the door were finishing up their lunch by splitting two slices of cake, chocolate and (carrot?), which looked pretty delish.Our waitress was somewhat soft spoken, and didn't mention the specials to us until I asked.Both of us ordered the #6, french dip-esque sammies.  I ordered the pickled slaw for the side; he ordered fries ($1 extra ).  Our food came out after not too long, but I was momentarily confused at the appearance of piles of fries on both platters.  I brought this to the attention of the waitress, who apologized and said that the kitchen had been mixing things up a lot today.  She started to take my plate away, but I said that it was okay.  She asked if I was sure, and I was, because I didn't want my sandwich to get cold while they replated it with the correct slaw.  It'd probably have been better service if she had just offered to get me some slaw on the side in addition to the wrong fries they sent out, but she didn't. *shrug*  Fries weren't served with ketchup; we had to ask for it, which was brought out in two small plastic single-serve cups. If you're a ketchup fiend (we aren't) you'd probably need to ask for extra.The good: the sandwiches. OMG, yum. The beef was tender, juicy and flavorful.  The rolls were buttered and crisply toasted, and stood up under the weight of the fillings. The sweet peppers and jalapeno slaw (Boyfriend got it without, but I like the spicy) in the sammie added nice crunch and zing to almost every bite.  The au jus was positively dreamy - the best beef dippin' juice I've ever had.The meh: the fries.  I'd mentioned to Boyfriend that they were voted best fries in Charlotte, but both of us couldn't figure out why, based on what we were served.  They seemed a bit overcooked, very dark, and were barely lukewarm and thus not very fresh-tasting.  Kind of flabby and floppy.  Some people like that in a fry, but we weren't so impressed.No room to try the cake ourselves. Maybe another time.We will definitely go back, because the sandwiches were major noms and I saw several other options I'm keen to try, but next time I think we'll skip the fries.  Hope I'll at least get to sample the pickled slaw.
3	I went to Fran's Filling station on a Saturday for lunch.  I wanted to try it out because it had the best french fries in Charlotte,  or so says the Charlotte Observer.  I got there at 11:30 am which is when it opened and there was one other table seated.  My server seemed to pretty casual and laid back.  He asked if it was my first time there and I said yes, so he ran over the menu with me.  He also mentioned that they had a bloody mary bar, but I'm not much of a tomato juice fan so I skipped that.  He went back to check on the specials of the day, while I looked over the menu.  My server came back and went over the daily special which was a turkey sandwich with fried mozzarella sticks.  I ordered that with a side of fries.  While waiting for food a couple of other groups came in.  My food came out after a reasonable wait, even before the two top that had been seated before me.  I ordered a beer to go with my sandwich at that time.  The sandwich was pretty good sized and the amount of fries was ridiculous.  The bread was a nice crusty french bread and it was stuffed so that I could hardly get a bite of it, but I managed.  It was very tasty and very messy.  The fries were a deep dark brown color and almost looked like they were burnt, but they were not.  They were close to being perfect.  The insides were light and fluffy, but the outsides just weren't crisp enough for me, so I was a little disappointed there.  But overall the food was pretty good and reasonably priced, $9.50 for the sandwich plus $1 for the side of fries.  For $10.50 there was enough food there for two meals.  The beer I got was a little pricey, $6.95 for a pint, but it was also pretty good.  If I come back I'll probably skip the beer and just get a sandwich.  My server was very friendly and very laid back, but he did make sure I had what I needed.  If we could give 1/2 stars I would give Fran's 3.5, but I just can't round it up to 4 because of the fries.   So 3 stars it is because Fran's is definitely A-OK in my opinion though.
4	Oh Fran, you tease.  Your menu brings joy to my taste buds.  Many of your reviews make me want to rush right over and try everything.  And therein lies the first two problems.The menu is something that would only bring happiness to the Roman God Janus, for what you see at lunch is almost entirely different than the dinner offerings.  Those amazing bacon-wrapped tots, which when held in Helen's hand may very well have launched a thousand ships?  Only available at dinner (unless you ask really, really nicely).  And the dinner menu is way, way ahead of the lunch menu.Speaking of lunch and dinner separately, make sure you are well aware that the two are separate.  As in separate hours.  Like lock the doors separate.  Get there after lunch ends and before dinner begins?  Out of luck.  Might as well head to Ru San's down the strip or Comet Grill down the street since you are in the area.If you happen to get there for dinner, find a seat, and get a chance to eat?  Definitely worth it.  And if you have a chance to meet Fran, she is very nice, and seems genuinely concerned about your meal, which is really sweet of her - most owners could care less.  Those other issues just make it a bit less than completely enjoyable.
4	Oh Fran, I'm surprised it took me this long to give into your deliciously described daily specials, always looking over at you as I walked towards RuSan's wondering if I should change my course, but I did finally make it in today! (and then I didn't even end up ordering the special)The lunch menu has just enough variety to satisfy everyone, but short enough not to overwhelm. I was torn between a few things but I went with the Nicoise salad (w/tuna). Perfectly cooked potatoes, seared tuna, green beans, capers, egg, tomatoes... and a darn good dijon dressing. My lunch partner ordered the number 4(?) a yummy looking chicken sandwich with avocado, and one of the best pesto pasta salads I've had in a long time (luckily my mother doesn't yelp, so I can write this...  but maybe I should clarify best within the state of North Carolina, just in case)Fran was on top of filling our waters while our server was, somewhere. The service seemed a bit on the slow side.. we did come in while the restaurant was full but almost every table received their food before we even ordered. The other issue was that we asked our server if the green chili broccoli was a cream based soup (like a cream of broccoli) she didn't know so she asked Fran a similarly worded question, to which Fran responded "There is only a touch of cream in the soup, I don't like them super creamy"... so we decided to try it and what did we get? A thick and creamy cream of broccoli soup (with a very mild kick). It was still good, but a little different than what we were expecting. (and $6? really?)So it was really a 3.5, but I'll round it up hoping for improvement next time. I will return, since their dinner menu looks amazing and their specials are always mouthwatering, and my salad was pretty delish... I'll just make sure to carefully word my questions in the future.
4	Superb food.  This place is exactly what I was hoping for.  Tasty food, good service, casual atmosphere.  I'd call it an American version of a neighborhood bistro; somewhere you could easily go three times a week for a nice meal.We had the corn nuggets (yummy!) and calamari (my husband said it was a bit greasy).  Eggplant parmesan and an artichoke chicken special.  The chicken came with roasted potatoes that were cut in a small dice and got nice and crispy.  Everything was very flavorful.Desert was fantastic.  Delicious bread pudding and perfect chocolate cake.  I told my husband to just come here to pick up some slices for my birthday.Note:  Portions are large.  I ate half my entree and had yummy leftovers for lunch the next day.
5	So I had a wonderful experience here and I hope everyone takes time to stop by and enjoy a great meal..... thanks Fran
3	I honestly can't see what the fuss is all about.  I went for lunch (no burgers---booooo) and my sandwich was good.  It took forever so they gave us some free sweet potato fries.  Maybe they were meant for someone else that left to find food before they starved to death.  Thankfully my after lunch appointment was running late otherwise I would had to leave too.  Granted, they were busy and the staff did their best to keep up but for lunch, I walked away thinking...huh???  Maybe Fran had the flu
5	This little gem has some of the best home cooked meals you will find in the Queen city. Had an amazing muscles app and rosemary chicken.  Top it off with a half price bottle of pino noir and its a perfect night.
4	Where to go when Big  Daddy's line is out the door but you have a serious hankering for some delicious fries? - Frans! Too bad for me they were out of them even though they were described by our server as "award winning" ..and they looked so good on our neighbors plate : ( Our server did her best to try and please me and even brought out both the chips and potato salad as my side...I did say I was in the mood for something fried and delicious - but they wouldn't do tater tots at lunch...I'm not quite sure why that is.For my sandwich I went with the servers recommendation and opted for the chicken salad. Wow lemon aioli is amazing on chicken salad- and I have to say this is one of the best (if not the best) one I have had the pleasure of trying! The potato salad is a bit bland...but I am finicky about this as my mom makes the absolute best. The chips weren't homemade as I expected but rather bagged. They were tasty but really if you're a restaurant  you have no business serving packaged sides, in my opinion. (this isn't subway) 5 stars for food and service -1 star for the chips and because I know those tater tots are back there...and who runs out of fries anyway?
1	We went in to try something new. Heard great things and were excited for a night together. We asked the lady at the door for a table in the back, something dim and romantic ... And she sat us in front of the plate glass window up front. I repeated my request and she walked away.It looks like a fun place for regulars, but we just sat there feeling left out of the party. Hospitality was really lacking, server did his best, but seemed overwhelmed with three tables. Someone who I assumed was Fran came by (didn't introduce herself) and asked how things were. We mentioned that things were a little slow and we had a problem with one of the apps ... She just smiled and nodded and walked off. I don't think she heard a word I said. Kind of distracted. We got a glass of wine, and wanted a second, but it never arrived. We were charged for it anyway. Would have complained, but by the time the check came, we just couldn't wait to leave.We tried several different apps, none of which arrived hot. The bacon tots were flavorless ... A real shame, because the premise was so promising. We shared the crab cakes for entree, very small, soggy and buried under carrot shavings.The TV over the bar was tuned to the food network. What was playing there looked much more appetizing than anything that came to our table.Perhaps things are different for lunch, or for the regulars. I'm sad to report we won't find out.
2	If I was rating on the food alone, I would have given this place much higher. The jalapeno wrapped sweet potato tots were perfectly caramelized and delicious with just enough of a kick. The buffalo chicken sandwich was on one of the most terrific pretzel rolls I've ever had with really tasty and savory sauce and what I assume to be homemade fancy mayo spread. Everyone's food looked wonderful, and when they were done plates looked pretty empty.The first thing that put me off though is that this place seems to have a bit of an identity crisis going on. The name suggests a simple, laid back, friendly local place without many frills. I certainly didn't expect a place where if I wanted fries with my burger I'd have to order them a la carte....but you do. Additionally, I'm not sure what mood the decor is trying to set - there's some old west elements, some items that suggest european travel, and then some items that are antique-like. What? Yeah. So, out the gate: the atmosphere is a no go for me, and it's pricier than expected, so, wah wah. And the friendly part? Well, I kind of felt like we were strangers crashing the party. No one was outwardly rude, but I felt like they were all stealing glances at the unfamiliar people in the dining area.Before our drink order could be taken, two of the waitstaff were bickering - in front of us - over who would take our table. I can't blame them really, the place was dead on a Saturday night. I'd fight for a table too if I was a waitress there. After that service was more professional, however refills on my soda were pretty slow and hard to come by, which just so happens to be something I can't stand. When I paid my $19 and change bill with two 20s, the waiter apologized but said he didn't have any change so I could leave a tip. Seriously? You're nearing the end of the night and don't have a ten and two fives? Whathuck??I think maybe this is a great hang out for the local regulars, but we just felt a little out of place. I MAY go back in the future (with exact change!) and reassess since now at least I know what to expect because as I said, the food WAS good, but trust me, I won't be tripping over myself to make it happen.
4	Bottom line...is that the food here is great...from casual to slightly upscale. Meatballs are a must try. Not a great place for a drink at the bar...because they had no bartender the night we were there. With a slight upgrade in service, this place would get a 5 star from me.
5	Exercise all week.  Bank up those calories.  Go to Fran's. Eat bacon-wrapped tater tots, corn bites, and bread pudding.  Feel reaaaal good. Seriously. Went for RW, and had to go back two days later with friends, it was that delish.  Part of what makes Fran's so appealing, is how laid-back it is.  Casual, but the food is well thought out like it is at more upscale eateries. (Can't stand dressing up for a good meal when you don't want to!)Standouts: -- Bacon wrapped tater tots.  You'll get two kinds, served skewered and propped up in a little cone-shaped wire basket. They're deep fried for extra crispness and the bacon's glazed with sweetness. NOMNOMNOM!-- Corn nuggests. Asian restaurants have corn croquettes and corn nugget like dishes, and this one is light, but rich and creamy. It comes with a creamy goat cheese ranch dipping sauce, adding to the decadence. The goat cheese added a nice tang too. Salads-- either the Greek or Latin wedge, I had both.  Flavorful, and fresh, you can tell the dressings aren't bottled preservative JUNK. The mains, I wasn't so floored by, but they were good.  Let's just skip to dessert. The bread pudding is sweet and rich and caramel-y...the coconut cake is dotted with big juicy blackberries.  If I didn't have manners, I would just eat the entire thing without utensils, and just do a face-plant in the dessert. It's that good.
5	Best customer service I've experienced. The food was excellent, a must visit. The pretzel bun burgers can't be beat.
4	great wine specials..... food spectacular fresh local and great. Fran is there everytime we've been there . Always a great escape
3	Yummy, comfort food!I like that the owner, Fran, has a strong presence there. The times I've gone she interacts with the patrons, helps her servers, or is relaxing at the bar. It's nice to see her so involved!The food is tasty. If you are a vegetarian, or limit meat eating (like me), there are really only two entrees, not counting salads: veggie burger, eggplant parmesan. The fried corn poppers are sweet and pair well with ranch dressing!The atmosphere varies depending on the crowd. I envision Fran's as an intimate, yet casual dining area with a laid-back staff...but get the place full and it becomes a very loud, slightly chaotic place with servers running from one table to the next. Perhaps it was due to a really busy week at work and I was tired, but watching the hustle and bustle from the servers made me feel a tad anxious rather than being able to relax during dinner. In addition, one of my requests was forgotten and I felt rushed when speaking to my server (for instance, I felt it would take a while for our server to return, so I asked for a box and the check in one breath and had my credit card in hand to give over).  Overall, each time I've stopped in I've had good food and a pretty good time. It's a pretty popular place and definitely one to check out!
4	Fran really filled me up good. Lounging around the apartment after a wine tasting with Adam R. and waiting for Peter E. to get home got us really hungry and Fran's food really hit the spot.The space is cozy and warm, though if you get seated in front of the door during the colder months be prepared for periodic blasts of cold from people walking in! I decided to put my diet restrictions aside for this visit to taste those crispy delicious bacon wrapped tater tots! I'm a fan of the jalapeno glaze on the sweet potato tots definitely, not too hot and seasoned quite nicely. The bacon overwhelms the taste of both the sweet potato and regular a bit though. Maybe make a regular version of the appetizer?After this came the glorious entrees. I got the eggplant parm and that thing is ginormous! I was content and full by halfway through. The sauces and cheesiness were bold and flavorful with lots of thick slices of eggplant throughout the bowl. Yummy! I find it curious though that the dish comes with 2 slices of the olive oil grilled bread, but if you order an extra basket it doesn't come with any.The service is where it sadly falls a bit short. I was really lacking a water refill towards the end of my meal, especially since I chose such a salty app and entree. Also I'm not sure if our waiter heard me but I wanted the olive oil grilled bread I ordered to come out at the beginning of the meal but hey whatever it made a nice accompaniment to my entree. He was kind of awkward and standoffish but thankfully left us mostly alone.It's just these little inconsistencies that keep me from giving Fran a 5 star review sadly along with their serious lack of vegetarian friendly options. For delicious casual dining options near my house though I'll keep coming back.
1	Would love to rate the food...but never got any (except for cold, crusty bread that seemed to have been soaked in olive oil).Showed up at 6:45 on Saturday night with a reservation. After ordering food and getting our drinks we never saw our waiter again except for a "drive-by" ("Everything OK here?" As he ran by without waiting for an answer.) After an hour with no food and no drinks past the first round I got up and went to the bar to pay for the drinks and left. While we were there we saw several waiter-less tables, including one with a dude who went to the bar to get a beer for himself since no one came his table to ask if he needed another drink.Based on other reviews, it appears Fran's never got their act together. There are WAY too many restaurants in Charlotte (and Dilworth) to put up with this. Terrible start to the weekend.To paraphrase Keyshawn, "COME ON, FRAN!"Won't be back.
5	This is a comforting place that serves comforting food. I love Fran, and her attention to detail. This is a neighborhood spot for me, and I am a regular.  I've never had a service issue, but I would say that if I did, I would ask to speak to the manager to give them an opportunity to fix it. I usually have dinner here 2-3 times a month. On to the food...the tots are what my husband reserves for his reward after a ten mile run. Apparently they are that good. I'm a limited meat eater, and usually find options or ask for a menu modification, which has never been a problem. Many appetizer portions, especially the goat cheese bread, are large enough for a main. The Latin wedge has maybe the best salad dressing in this solar system.  The fried chicken sandwich is great, and has 2 chicken breasts.  I happen to love the Spicy Sprinkle for the heat and dimension it brings to her fries. She has great wine specials during the week, and usually something fun or special on the drink menu for the weekend. Lots of her ingredients are local and organic and meals are well priced.Bottom line-cozy and comfortable, excellent food for an excellent price.
5	Best Mac 'n Cheese in Charlotte.  Everything we ate exceeded our expectations and the service was great.  The meatball dinner entree is a must try.
2	Service is awful. When we arrived there were plenty of tables.  By the time we were FINALLY able to leave, many of the tables were filled and EVERYONE was waiting for either food, more drinks or their check.The food was so-so. Certainly not worth a special trip.  The beer menu is minimal and the drafts are overpriced.  We never did get the drinks we ordered.Took us two hours to wait for our food, then wait for our check, then wait for the server to run our cards.There are many other local restaurants with quality food and much better service - I would not recommend Fran's to any of my friends.
4	I like Fran's I think it's a little pricey for lunch & the service is definitely a hit or miss., but they changed up the lunch menu a bit and the make your own salads section is the bomb.  I'm always looking for a good salad place for lunch and Fran's is now at the top of my list.
2	In the visits since my first it has unfortunately been the same story: the food is delicious, the atmosphere is homey and inviting, but unless I sit at the bar my service is, well, crap.Usually I get the same server that just disappears, but during my most recent visit we went from patiently allowing our server to assume we didn't have anywhere to be on a Saturday to figuring out she had just pushed us aside to cater to others, because after my empty water glass sat on the edge of the table (long enough I had to stop eating because I was so thirsty) my wallet did too, and after ten minutes I pulled my credit card out and set that on top, and still waited as she checked on every other table but ours. I honestly don't care if she thought she was going to get a crap tip after the way we were treated (which I wouldn't do), the last thing a table wants is to be completely abandoned, especially in such a small space where you know she can see you!When she did make it over with the check, even though something told me to look over it, in my rush I just handed her my card. Luckily, she had only charged us an extra dollar for the fries as making it to work on time was more important than getting the dollar taken off. I'm sure I'll be back (damn you, bacon wrapped tater tots!), but I'm only sitting at the bar.
2	When Fran's first opened, this place was great!  Now, it is quite the opposite.  Service is abysmal, slow and not attentive. Here are my experiences on their takeout.  If they tell you it'll be ready in 20 minutes, they really mean 45.  This happened to me on three occassions.  Since I always had to wait at the bar to ge the food, you would think it would be piping hot..well no.  The fries are usually luke warm and the Rosemary Chicken is always cold in the middle.  And twice they have gotten my order incorrect, making me go back to correct. I stopped going to Fran's because of their  consistent inconsistencies.
5	Fantastic food!!! So good that even as you get too full you just can't stop eating.
2	Plusses- Plenty of parking: Fran's is located in the same strip mall with Run for your Life and Fiamma, which means there's parking galore.- Attentive waitstaff: Fran herself came over to chat with us and brought crayons for the 2 year old at our table- Ecclectic homey food: bacon wrapped tator tots?  Fried sweet corn with goat cheese ranch dressing?  Meatballs with gooey melted cheese?  Don't mind if I do.- Generous portion size: I like to eat, as does everyone I was with, and we were stuffed after our meal.  - Price: reasonable, especially considering portion size.  The seafood options are a bit more expensive, but that's to be expected.Minusses- Odd table layout: the front room holds ~10 tables and bar seating, but as you head to the bathroom in the back, there are tables along the hallway and oddly placed near the kitchen pickup window- Menu confusion: Reading the menu, I just want to exclaim "what IS this place?"  Deviled eggs, nicoise salad, eggplant parmesan, buffalo fried chicken sandwich, and mussels (three ways: traditional, curry/coconut, or beer/bacon) all co-habitate on the menu.  On one hand, that might mean everyone can find something they like.  On the other hand, it's just weird.  What does Fran's want to be when it grows up?  - Food quality & flavors: it's not bad, but it's not amazing either.  The macaroni & cheese side was bland, the lamb ragu was not as good as it had been talked up to be, the chicken milanese was just so-so.  However, the goat cheese was incredible; the goat cheese ranch dressing is a wonderful little cup of surprise (dunk all the way to the bottom, and you'll be rewarded with chunks of soft goat cheese.  You're welcome) and the goat cheese salad that came with the chicken milanese was my favorite of the whole meal.  Moral of the story: if it has goat cheese, GET IT.
3	good food, but they seem chronically understaffed.  If you want good, quick service, sit at the bar; otherwise you should plan to stay a while.  Doesn't seem to be the fault of the waiters and waitresses, they are friendly enough, there just aren't enough of them.
4	Fran definitely deserves FIVE stars-but bless her, her servers brought her way down. Fran greeted me and seated me while I waited for my friend to arrive. She was so very friendly! We had a server in training who quite honestly shouldn't get the job-but Fran took care of us. She stopped to chat a few times while we were waiting on food and then after it had came. I got the sloppy burger with a side of their homemade fries and goatcheese ranch. SUPERB and hit the spot. Those pretzel rolls? THE BOMB! My friend ordered a French burger that came with tomatoes and melted brie... it was out of this world!I have heard nothing but good things about Fran's-and I have nothing but good things to say. I cannot WAIT to try there again-and will hopefully have a better experience with a now trained server :)She has specials, and of course-the burgers. I was floored. I could only eat half of mine but every bite was divine, cheesy and meaty goodness. Ahhhhhh. Oh-and the tea was so deliciously strong, perfect on a warm and sunny afternoon!
5	Forgive me Charlotte natives, but your folks need some food education. Why is this place getting so few four and five stars? The Charlotte magazine voted it in the top 25 restaurants in Charlotte, and I would place it in my top 2 or 3. I loved the menu -- it leans toward the southern and comfort food side of things, but certainly with innovative offerings and choices that made it difficult for me to choose. I took the suggestion of others and had the bacon wrapped tater tots in maple syrup coating -- OMG. They were sinfully delicious, and I ate every one of them. The homemade meatballs served in one of the best marinaras I've tasted in the US was really extraordinary, and I took home half of the portion for lunch the following day. Perhaps my perspective is skewed by NYC and LA, but I thought the prices were incredibly reasonable, especially for the service and the large portions. I loved the experience.
3	Have to agree with Scarlett J. on the server issue.  There is a clear potential to be a great little Cafe, and clearly has the following of such.  Fran's has always been a hot spot for locals.  My main complaint:  The lunch menu is better than the dinner menu.  For us, the stars are the sandwiches that the magazine rave about.  The turkey is just wonderful!  They are absolutely fantastic but are nowhere to be seen in the dinner menu.  We did have salads and veggie burger which were very good.  I nearly gave 2 stars just from the disappointment but there is so much potential.Easy parking, easy access, great lunch.  Lunch is easy 4-5 stars.  Overall needs some attention.
3	I've had two good experiences at Fran's and two not-so-good experiences. Unfortunately, it is the latter that has prompted this review. My co-worker and I arrived for an early lunch and received bad, unapologetically slow service in a virtually empty dining room. Our server didn't smile once, mumbled at each interaction and messed up my order.  I'm sorry, is my business annoying you? I do have to say, the food is usually pretty good. Alas, not in the case of today's veggie burger which crumbled to flavorless pieces after the first bite.
4	I have been here countless time for the laid back atmosphere, close proximity  and interesting menu options.  I agree with some of the reviewers here about the service.  75% of my experience with the service has been great, and 25% mediocre to bad.  Would love to see the restaurant be more consistent.  That being said, my server yesterday was absolutely lovely.I decided to review today because I just reheated the meatball dish I purchased from Frans yesterday.  BEST MEATBALLS IVE EVER HAD!  The marinarra sauce is unique - slightly lemony with garlic and lots of flavor.  Meatballs are cooked well and have just the right consistency.   Order & try for yourself.
1	Fran's has one of the most ambitious menus in Charlotte. Unfortunately, the execution of the menu is decent at best, extremely subpar at worst.  Yes, they have the famous bacon-wrapped tater tots... but by the time they arrived at our table the tots were cold and the maple glaze has solidified into a gooey mess. As a main, I had the meatballs, which had a good taste, but once again were not hot enough. My friend ordered a salad and opted to get the grilled shrimp. For $5 she got three shrimp, which isn't a bad deal, I guess. But it kicked the cost of the entire salad to $12, and it wasn't worth it at that price.The service was OK. Our server was friendly, and while he didn't apologize for the slow service or cold food, one got the feeling that it wasn't his fault and the kitchen was having issues. And this was well after the place opened, when most places have all the issues figured out. I'm guessing that the chef is a control freak who insists on doing everything herself, even though food quality suffers for it.
3	Good lunch spot.  Build your own:  salads, sandwiches, and mac n' cheese (goat cheese and bacon mac n cheese, for example).  Obviously the bacon wrapped tots.  Lots of healthy options,too, if grease isn't your thing.  I'm a fan of the Latin Wedge salad, but, like a previous reviewer pointed out, adding chicken or other protein to your salad significantly bumps up the cost....pushing it past a typical lunch price point for me.  The Lemon Chicken Salad sandwich is great - a perfect sandwich for the summer.I almost feel like they're trying too hard with the menu, though.  Presentation/execution both struggle a little.Service is always friendly, but the staff frequently seems a little overworked.  Not atypical from other small restaurants, I guess.  Not much consistency in server speed either.Overall, a good, but not necessarily great lunch joint.
4	I have been looking for a place like this for a long time!!  It's the type of restaurant that you can go to anytime with anyone. Casual Atmosphere with unique decor (i wasnt crazy about the walk-in fridge in the middle of the secondary dining area) kinda strange!Cool kitschy-cowgirl decor.FOOD was amazing!  You must try the tater tot appetizer.  Nothing like the Ore-Ida tots!  These were morsels of sweet potato, wrapped in bacon and then glazed with a jalapeno sweet glaze!  Holy *%#@!  Mussels with a coconut curry sauce were also good ... but nothing to brag about.The daily special was "shrimp & grits". So we gave it a try. Highly recommended! Perfectly cooked shrimp with gouda cheese grits.  Then we finished it with their bread pudding... It was huge and delish!
2	We arrived at 2:30 on a Saturday.  Apparently this is not the time to arrive. They shut off all their deep fryers apparently to get ready for dinner.  Lets just say 3/4 of the menu is deep fried.  This limited our options to salad and two sandwiches.The sandwich was decent, the waiter was awesome, but I after going through the menu and having to settle well it plain out sucked. I would love to come back and try the food another time as it appeared to be good ( thanks table behind us), but I wish I would have known that the menu would be downsized from 2:30 - 5.
5	We eat at Fran's at least once a week, but usually more. Her food is heavenly from the decadent to the healthy, you can't go wrong. Her sandwiches (homemade bread) are so good, especially he number 1 & 6 but I would be 50 lbs heavier if I ate those every time, so I stick to mostly salads. The great big with chicken and Latin wedge are my favorites, the dressings are delicious. For dinner, I usually go with a special but my  friend lives for the meatballs or milanese every time, craves them actually. Homemade goodness in every bite, Fran's food is simply divine!
5	Visited Fran's recently for a delicious lunch and was greeted by the friendly servers as usual.  I had my favorite Latin Wedge salad with chicken.  Do not miss this salad - delicious wedge of iceberg, homemade dressing, corn, cheese, shaved chicken breast.  It doesn't get any better.  Also had to have the blue cheese and herbs fries.  They were killer as usual.  The wife had her favorite Greek Wedge salad and it didn't disappoint either!  If you are looking for a great spot for lunch or dinner check out Fran's Filling Station- great food, service and owner!
4	So, Fran's has amazing food and I love the quirky atmosphere of the place. My only complaint is that, considering it was slow when we went last Friday, the service was pretty sluggish and, considering the portion sizes, the meal was a bit pricey. We'll definitely go back, but we'll have to budget ahead of time. We both had the bison enchiladas and were completely in love with every bite!
4	I either get takeout or eat at Fran's at least once a week and have never been disappointed.  The daily specials are always different but consistently well prepared, as are the other menu items.  The staff and Fran herself are knowledgable and laid back.  HIghly recommend this place.
3	First experience. Got take out here recently. Both of us got the meatballs (2 meatballs & toast per order), and the tater tot sampler - $28.35.Pros: Tots are wrapped in bacon -yummy. Meatballs were also yummy.Cons: A bit pricey for the meal, but it was good. T hey were out of one of the desserts from the menu that we really wanted to try (lemon something???).We'll probably be back, but not ready to recommend yet.
3	I ate here with some friends and really enjoyed it.  The food was rich and they had a good wine selection.  The staff was friendly and welcoming.  We ordered several apps and shared.  The portion size was really good for apps.  I'll go back and try dinner next time.
5	The staff was super nice as was the owner. She was very involved in her business which is really cool. The food was awesome and they had awesome craft beers on special! Definitely will return next time I'm in charlotte.
3	This was our 2nd time visiting, we found the menu lacking choices.  The service was good from the temporary bartender & another waiter that wasn't ours.  Our appetizers came out quickly, but the entrees took longer than expected.   We were given a free appetizer of tots to make up for it.  Once we got our food it was tasty, although the salmon was slightly overcooked.  I found the food to be overpriced for the portion size.  Example, $10 for 12 tater tots.
4	Bart was bummed out at work today, and he wanted a sandwich. But not just any run of the mill mid-week office lunch hour sandwich - he wanted a true to life sandwich experience. There was no doubt where we'd find this. I said, "Fran's."Squirreled away inconspicuously at the corner end of the Park Square shopping center in Dilworth, Fran's Filling Station is an unfortunately all-too-often overlooked lunch spot in the greater Park Road area. Surrounded by so many mediocre options in that area that our coworkers are so often complacently willing to settle on - Jason's Deli, McAlister's, Which-Wich, Penn Station, etc. - I felt in Bart's diminished mood, he needed a trip to the glorious little hovel of good food that is Fran's. Not ones to adhere to a conventional businessday lunch hour, we strolled in around 11:15am. There was no one else in the dining room, just a pair of waitresses leaning delicately across the blocked-wood bar, fingers intertwined, elbows crooked and pressed upon, faces plain yet subtly eager with start-of-the-day malaise. Bart had never been to Fran's. He gestured an approving curl of his lower lip. "Hmmmmph," he said. I nodded. "Yep."The waitresses greeted us charmingly, as they're apt to do. Fran's isn't a hoity establishment. It's a classic southern cafe, done up in folksy art, hand-painted table tops under heavy lacquer, fresh flower bouquets, etched wood carvings, and clever 60s/70s era pop art adorning the brick walls. You feel like you're all friends there, like you're all in this together, like you just walked onto the set of Fried Green Tomatoes or something. Our waitress came over, smiling wide, a gorgeous creature, tall and well-shaped, broad shoulders and hips, a strong core, thin neck and soft cheeks, long brown pony swinging playfully behind her like a mane. I eased back in my chair, stuffed my fingers in my pockets, and stretched a tight-lipped grin. "What are you guys drinking?" she asked. I glanced at Bart and his frumpish scowl, then down at the menus our waitress was placing before us. I cocked my head as a wily thought entered: beer. I nudged Bart and chinned toward the bar. "What ARE we drinking?" I asked. Bart's scowl lifted into an illuminated beam. "Whoah..." he eased out in a breath of unanticipated joy. "They have great beers..."Bird Song, Southern Tier, Natty Greene's, wine, liquor, more beer. The waitress saw us eyeing the bar and let out a little chortle. "Do you guys want a beer list?" she asked. "We don't usually get many people ordering beer at 11am on a Wednesday." We shrugged incredulously. That notion just seemed silly. We each opted for a Southern Tier IPA, and then our marvelously-built waitress left us to our perusing of the menu. As we were reading through the mind-blowing list of fried appetizers, decadent salads, opulent burgers, and mouth-wateringly descriptive signature sandwiches, I recognized the opening horns of Born to Run floating down from the overhead speakers. "Springsteen," I acknowledged aloud, forefinger pointed to the sky. Bart nodded approvingly. "Chrome-wheeled, fuel-injected, and steppin' out ov-er the liiine," I sang. "HOoo-whoooahhh!" I rapped my thumbs sideways across the slick wood finish of the table and stamped my heels into the flat of the cement floor. Our waitress returned with our beers, her own mood clearly lifted by the good time Bart and I were starting to have. She took our orders. I went with the number 4 - a chicken salad sandwich with lemon aioli, avocado, and pickled red onion strings. Bart ordered the Reuben, and we each chose the farmhouse style cottage cheese as our side. "And another beer?" she asked before leaving. We smiled and nodded. Springsteen ended and we both paused with bated breath for what might come next. The opening chords rang out and we both lit up - Alanis Morissette! But not You Oughta Know or Ironic or even All I Really Want... Nope, it was m-f'in Head Over Feet. I belted out, "Are you kidding me right now?" Bart nodded approvingly. "You've al-ready w'ON mee ooo-varr... in-spite uv meee," we sang in gorgeous, baritone harmony. "So don't be al'ARMED if I faa-aall... hyead ov-ar feeet."Our food arrived with our second beers - beautifully stacked trays of tall sandwiches, mounded with meat and sauce, overflowing cups of seasoned and garnished cottage cheese, face-fuming aromas of spice and dough and dairy, like a farm, like a fable. We stuffed our mouths, silly and contented,  avocado glaze speckling my beard, napkins ruined, shirts spotted, beer spilled and lyrics slurred ignominiously to every tune soaring above us. We ordered another beer, had our leftovers boxed, and cleaned up our ridiculous Wednesday mess. When our trim waitress returned with the check, Bart fumbled around under his ass for a moment, face locked in embarrassment and concern. "I don't have my wallet..."  I laughed. "Don't sweat it; this one's on me."Bart finished the rest of his day in a fantastic mood.
4	After reading Rha W's review I almost didn't try Fran's for fear that the place might attract patrons like this.   But my wife and i did go, and we are glad we did.  We thought Fran very much hit the mark of her stated goal: she identified a void and filled it well.  The tater tots were fantastic, and each of us enjoyed our straightforward but tasty entrees.  The service was attentive, and Fran herself checked on us a couple of times.  Good energy to the dinner crowd on a Saturday evening, at least in the main room.  Seemed like a bunch of locals who were quite comfortable in their own skin.  A nice change of pace from much of the SouthPark restaurant scene.
5	Bacon wrapped tater tots drizzled in maple syrup is the bomb!They used to have the the thanksgiving on a plate which was awesome.  I am not much of a burger fan but honestly the pretzel bun is to DIE for!!!  One good thing with Fran is if you get to know her, she will make anything happen!  Meatballs with EXTRA bread are a must!!!  you can get them gooey but I like just a little cheese myself!
5	Fabulous food and a wonderful staff.   We just had a business dinner for our team at Fran's. We planned the menu ahead of time and it was served family style.  The service was impeccable and the food was out of this world.  Every course was beautifully plated.  The flavor combinations, freshness of ingredients and labor of love came shinning through with every bite.   There is something for everyone at Fran's.  Her recipes are extra special.  I am passionate about food.  You have to experience it for yourself and you will be hooked.  I highly recommend calling Fran to cater parties at your home or to host at the restaurant.  There is no other caterer who will care more about delivering the best possible meal for you and your guests.
4	One of my favorite places in Charlotte--great homey tasty food.  I think their burgers (on a pretzel roll) are moist and delicious, and their baseball-sized meatballs (gooey, of course) are fantastic.  It's a great atmosphere, has friendly staff, and I don't think I've ever had a meal there I haven't completely enjoyed, including the bacon-wrapped tots, their salads, and their chicken milanese (although I think $15 is a little pricey for a chicken cutlet, the quality can't be beat).  I'm a FB friend, and Fran's is always posting unique and delicious-sounding specials.  If I ate out more, I would be a more regular patron!  Good wine/beer list too.  One of my local favorites!
5	I am not sure why we waited so long to try this place out.  This is our new favorite spot in the South Charlotte area.  Everything I have had from here has been excellent and I love that Fran herself makes many of the dishes and often times comes out to greet us.  We did a rather large order and carted it all the way to Taylorsville, NC(about an hours drive) for Mother's Day this year.  I highly recommend this little spot, the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is to die for and the sweet potato bacon wrapped tater tots aren't too shabby either!
5	Have you ever sat on the john for a little r/r (rest and release, that is) before lunch and thought out loud "God, I really want a good salad?" Having a predilection for salads that are 1.) good and 2.) unique, Fran's had exactly what I was looking for in a lunch. I got the special: grilled vegetable salad with corn off the cob, squash, zucchini, red onions, potatoes and more. Gratuitous amount of vegetables, not heavy handed on just the greens the way a salad should be. Completely delicious with the lemon vinaigrette. Filling without weighing me down. Ya gotta go.
2	The food here is very good and eclectic.  The service was absolutely terrible. It took at least 10 minutes for our waiter to add up our check.  Be careful, the beer here is very expensive. Getting refills on your drinks was a task, and we were one of TWO tables in the entire restaurant.  Food wise, the tater tots and hamburgers were awesome.  If you're a foodie, definitely go here.  If you are in a time crunch, DON'T.
5	Fun food and great service.  We had two kinds of bacon wrapped tater tots and both were delicious. The fried corn fritters with the goat cheese ranch dipping sauce were great. The gooey meatballs were very good. The bread pudding was good but not exceptional. The waiter was very good and very nice. He even gave us some tips (at our request) as to what to see in Charlotte (not a lot). Don't miss this spot for casual, fun dining.
5	Fran's has been on our restaurants-to-try list for awhile, and we're so glad we did!Our group loved everything we had, starting with maple bacon wrapped tater tots.  The bacon was perfectly cooked and crispy, and the maple glaze added sweetness to balance the salty.  Yes they are sticky, but it's maple syrup!Our entrees included chicken Parmesan, gooey meatballs for the kids, chicken sandwiches, and my Moroccan veggie burger. Our sides included the mac & cheese and Brussels sprouts--yum!Desserts we tried were the chocolate cake and coconut cake.Everyone LOVED the food, and our server was great.  We went at 6:30 on a Saturday night, and by the time we left the place was packed.  We won't hesitate to take more friends for the fabulous food!
4	Get the Parmesan garlic fries they are delicious. I have been here twice for lunch with my mom and we both got the build your own sandwich. She gets the roast beef which she raves about and I do a build your own veggie sandwich with avocado. The lemon aioli really makes the sandwich a standout. A great pic for veggies and meat eaters alike!
2	The food at Fran's is pretty good. I mean they have bacon wrapped tater tots which is ingenious. Personally, i recommend the jalapeno bacon sweet potato tots over the other variety that is offered. The burgers, which were being served on pretzel rolls before everyone else started doing it,  are also good. However, nothing special enough to write home about. While the food is decent the thing that gets me about Fran's is the prices. I paid almost $30 for 2 burgers w/ no sides and the tot appetizer which included only about 14 pieces. In my opinion that is just a bit much for the amount of food i got and to still be hungry after its gone. I haven't written Fran's off but i doubt i will return when i can get a burger with fries for  less than $15 at many other restaurants around town.
5	Fran's is my go-to on a weekly basis. Everything is fresh and delicious, and I've yet to have a bad meal. If I were on death row and was granted a last meal, I'd get the marinated goat cheese and 10,000 loaves of their baguette. MMMMM its so good!  Also, for those complaining about prices, IMO it is worth it for the fresh ingredients and taste. If I wanted just a standard pub burger and fries I'd head over to the Liberty. I hope Fran's is open for the rest of my life because I can't imagine living without it.
5	Love this place! Walked in on a Friday night and was seated immediately. Service was on point and the food was out of control! I had a hHOMEMADE pasta dish with pesto cream sauce, spinach and chicken. My husband had a amazing burger and we shared a mussle appetizer (3 sauces to choose from- we settled for the garlic cream sauce).Atmosphere reminded me of a fancy diner. Everything seemed a bit dated but not fou fou dated. On the lines of mom and pop meets backyard bbq. Very excited about this find.... cant wait to get back to try more of their menu!
5	I have been to Fran's for lunch, dinner and even just drinks and appetizers. Every time I have  been impressed. The funky and higher casual vibe is welcoming as you walk in. The staff are relaxed and knowledgeable. You can tell the food is fresh, hand-crafted and made with love. So nice to find a small business with great food that is not a chain! I also like how Fran puts news on her Facebook feed so I know when her meatloaf is ready for me to drive on over...
5	Consistency in food quality is a hard thing to find. Fran keeps getting better. Great new dinner menu that includes a new "new south" burger (awesome) and a menu of pizzas that are fantastic to share. Even great for takeout. Fran can never disappoint!
5	This definitely one of the neighborhood secrets of Charlotte. Must Go To. It is a little tricky to find but well worth the adventure. I always get the California style burger with havarti cheese and avocados (amazing combination). Must try right here!!!!!This is great, Fran and team are exceptionally nice and the it is a true pleasure to visit. I have been back several times since and they have never disappointed.Best,-Wally
1	Went here with my husband a few days ago and was severely disappointed. After reading all the positive yelp reviews I was excited to go here. Upon arriving we were told by Fran that our table had been given away because we were "late". When we made our reservation we were not told about any late policy but said we would be there in 15 and they said ok. So to hear that they had just given our table away "45 seconds ago" really passed me off. Why ask for a cell phone number if you aren't going to call before giving our table away?Fran came off very abrasive and I was ready to walk out.I could write about the terrible wait staff and how the waitress only took my husband's drink order and walked away without even letting me order. But I'll get to the food...The food. After waiting an hour and a half for our food to come out...and it sitting in the window for 15 mins before being brought to us... Nothing to write home about. We had the bacon covered tater tots and corn nuggets for appetizers. Overpriced... we got 9 tater tots and 10 corn nuggets for $8 a piece. Our burgers were cooked completely different...His was medium rare and mine was well done. The waitress did not ask how we wanted them cooked. The fries, boasted to be the "Best in Charlotte" were anything but. My fries were limp and not fully cooked while my husband's were over cooked.The seating was very cramped and the decor was lacking. Fran came by our table and was very condescending when asking if everything was ok. Our waitress didn't tell us the specials or even ask if we wanted dessert. Just brought us the check. Thank god she did.$55 for burgers and 2 appetizers?We will never be coming here again.
2	Hate to do this since I never made it to the food but the atmosphere totally turned me off... So much so that we didn't even stay to eat. Weird corner spot in a small strip mall. The restaurant smelled like rotting meat. The bathroom was old and falling apart. The outdoor seating area was unkept and tables and chairs were rusting. We sat ourselves (as prompted) and no one came to the table after several minutes. And the straw that broke the camel's back for me....A waitress was coughing loudly into her hand as she took someone's order. We got up and walked out. Sorry just couldn't do it.
5	This is my favorite place to eat is Charlotte, and that's saying a lot. Fran is super-nice. The food is unique southern food with a twist, the wine is great, and the frans martini is crazy good. I plan on asking Fran to marry me one day.
4	This place is a little tricky to find especially since there is two side by side strip malls so even with my GPS I pulled in the wrong one. The sign is small and hard to read as you drive by so be watchful or you will miss it!!!  Some of the reviews I had said service was bad or it was unclean. I experienced neither I will say it was pouring rain so it wasn't super crowded that night.  My waitress was very friendly and helpful.  The place was very clean as far as I could tell except the bathroom was kinda run down and needed some fixing!We started with maple bacon wrapped tater tots.  The bacon was perfectly cooked and crispy, and the maple glaze added sweetness to balance the salty. They were sooo good I will say a little pricey I think 10 bucks for 9?  I ordered the California style burger with havarti cheese and avocados (amazing combination).  I have no idea what bread they used but it was a great burger I hope to go back and try more of the menu!
3	There was good, then bad, then good then bad so I landed at 3 stars for good old Franny.The Good?  The bacon-wrapped sweet potato tots.  I sucked those things up like a hoover---they were so good and I was SO hungry.  They took awhile to come out so I was ready grub.The Veggie burger on a pretzel roll was very good.  The tomato chutney and feta on top made it very tasty.  I ordered a side of brussel sprouts and they were okay...not necessarily chopped or cut or cooked the way I like but they were decent.The Bad?  They apparently had some computer issues that night and we were there for nearly an hour and a half before our food came out.  Ridiculous.  We ordered burgers!  The waitress checked on us a few times but it still was so annoying.  Fran eventually came out and let us know what happened and that everything would be out soon.  She offered to buy us both a beer for waiting, which truthfully was the least that she could do.  She was nice but not very warm.My husband enjoyed his burger but it was small.  The fries that are the "best in Charlotte" were some of the worst I have had personally.  Maybe they were in a rush because we already waited an hour so they didn't cook them all the way through?  They were fresh cut which I appreciate but they were limp and smelled like the skin of a potato which just grossed me out.  You know that skin/dirt smell you get when peeling a potato?  Yeah, that smell.The prices were high for what we ordered.  I just wasn't that impressed. I guess I wasn't sure what to expect...it is somewhat of a diner/cafe/nice restaurant.  It definitely wins the award for being most unique...I'm just not convinced that is a good thing.
3	5 stars for the food, 0 for the service.Fran has come up with a creative and versatile menu that would make anyone happy. Our favorites include the marinated goat cheese with sweet roasted garlic and roasted tomatoes, the salads (they're enormous), burgers, and the fig and goat cheese pizza.With that in mind, the service is horrendous and extremely slow. A word to the wise: don't even attempt to order take out. I was told a take out order would be ready in 20 minutes. When I arrived to pick it up 20 minutes later, they said it would be ready any minute. I ended up waiting for 40 additional minutes. When I expressed my dismay, they said, "Wow! Time flies, huh?" Not ok.
2	Awkward service, lame menu with even worse ambiance and a nicely prepared burger. This is the restaurant that your weird aunt opens when your uncle leaves her an insurance settlement. Not good for vegetarian wife, I was not interested in their attempts at creative entrees. Fair to above average choices for draft beer, did not notice cocktails (would not trust a bartender who wouldn't have left this middling restaurant in the first place)Charlotte needs enticing, come-as-you-are dining... Fran's aims to do this and whiffs.
4	We went last night for dinner, and it was half off wine bottles.  Great plus!  Also had the great big salad plus chicken which was delicious.  The dressings are yummy and made in house.  It was pretty slow, so we got great service.  My boyfriend had the meatballs and loved them.  Will definitely go back!
5	Lot's of interesting choices on the menu and they feature a different special everyday.. Today's special was a chilli cheeseburger with mozzarella cheese on a pretzel bun and a side item. I chose the fries and gladly paid an extra $1 to add parmesan garlic to them. It was messy and sooo good. The burger was so big I couldn't finish all the fries. Eva waited on me and you can tell she enjoys working there and she knows the menu by heart. I  highly recommend this place and I plan to go back and try several more items on the menu.
5	Amazing food and service! I'm a super picky eater and had a hard time picking one thing to order bc it all looked so good! The homemade pasta with braised short ribs made me want to come back for sure!
3	Came here for a friend's birthday party.  We were seated at a long table in the back.  I ordered an appetizer to share with the table:  the fries with blue cheese and fines herbs.  They definitely needed a good salting, even with the sprinkles of blue cheese.  For my entree, I got the eggplant Parmesan.  I appreciate that it was just plenty of eggplant and sauce.  No pasta to wade through.  However, it didn't stand out to me.  I had forgotten what I had eaten by the time I wrote this review.  Service was a little slow, but we had a big table.  That is understandable.  I am glad that I gave Fran's a try and will come by again.
3	The Bacon wrapped tater tot sampler was great.  Lots of bacon and sugary stuff on sticks...nicely done.  For dinner, we got some burger that was on a pretzel roll, and it was enjoyable. Maybe it was a little bit too greasy, but it's a burger, so I cannot really say much there.  The fries were maybe a little bit under fried, but they were ok.Fran's was a little bit of a weird place for me.  It was good, but some reason it left us a little flat.  It's kind of like a 1st or 2nd guy off the bench....solid role player, hustles and plays D, but you are not looking to play this guy in any meaningful crunch time minutes.
4	Had lunch on Saturday. Server was knowledgeable about the menu, friendly and proficient. Couldn't pass up the bacon tots and they were delicious. I had the Thanksgiving sandwich and it was quite enjoyable.
