4	Las Vegas gets its first, legitimate speakeasy. Or perhaps others have just been too hidden for me to find. It's located inside the Commonwealth in Downtown Las Vegas. You can find it hidden behind an unmarked wall right next to the first floor bar. Entry is granted by phone reservation only. I recommend they eventually take only text message or an online-only reservation system for easiness sake. That'll also add a lot more romance behind the reservation process. When we first entered the space, we were met by an intermediary room that separated the main bar from the speakeasy. Here, we were briefed on the house rules which included: no pictures, speak softly, max stay limited to 2 hours, no standing, don't be a dick, etc. etc. the standard rules for any classy lounge. After all that, we walked in and were free to grab any seat we wanted. It wasn't so busy at the time because we had come on a Thursday night. I wonder if it's ever packed on Friday or Saturday.The ambiance was dark, classic, and overall very 1920's. You could also fit approximately thirty people in here. It's a long and narrow-ish room that I imagine used to be a very small convenience store or something. There's one bartender who moved from Philly who masterminded the entire Commonwealth and Laundry Room cocktail menu. I believe her name was Jooyeun? Joon? Joo? Look off the drink menu if you must, but my preference when ordering at speakeasies is just to order what you feel like drinking at the time. I told her I wanted something with lavender bitters (unfortunately this is rare in Vegas...sigh). Then I asked her for something that was rare for the season that also included egg whites. The result was great! Some other friends ordered equally as delicious drinks, rosemary branch included in some of them. All drinks were true to speakeasy fare. However, the price point for almost everything was about $15. This is high even for New York City standards, so I question why so expensive? This is also why the Laundry Room isn't getting a perfect 5 stars. This'll be a hindrance on coming back as often as I'd like. Drinks should hover more around $10-13.Overall, the Laundry Room is definitely worth a visit. Vegas hasn't seen anything like it yet and Downtown is the perfect environment for a hidden treat like this. I'll definitely be back for another go.
5	A friend suggested this spot as a cool place to hang after dinner one night. We were downtown anyway, and looking for a casual bar for good conversation with friends, where the music and "scene" would not overwhelm us.I was intrigued when he said he had to text them, and he explained the whole "speakeasy" thing, where you text a secret number, and they tell you whether you can come or not, and what time. It's essentially a clandestine way of making reservations, but the gimmick was very cool. He received a text back, confirming that we could attend at 8:15pm, so we headed over.It's a secret panel at the rear of Commonwealth, (another cool new downtown spot), with a doorman who checks your reservation, then escorts you in.Inside, it is very 20's-30's, dimly lit with Edison lightbulbs, and adorned with tapestries. Period music is playing, at a reasonable level for conversation. Just enough. There is a small, corner bar, with a single server, which is perfect because the place seats exactly 23 people. I'm a huge fan of the deconstructed look that many of the SOHO (NY) venues have adopted lately, so this place felt just right.I'm generally a one-trick-pony when it comes to drinking, (with Jameson, neat, in a snifter, being my mainstay), but I do occasionally stray into other Irish whiskeys, Scotch whiskys, and even some sipping tequilas from time to time. Having said that, the amount of time and care that was put into the mixed drink menu was lost on me in taste, but that care was still appreciated from reading it.There is a little blurb about how you must be patient, due to the time and care that the mixologist puts into their craft. I was impressed with that. And watching her work was amazing too, as you can really tell that this is what they are focusing on......raising the bar on "mixed drinks".When I asked for my usual Jameson, I was informed that they didn't have that, but suggested that perhaps I might enjoy the Redbreast. The response was quick, and seemed educated, so I took her up on it. I am now a fan of Redbreast. It was delightful, and clearly a level above my mainstay. Notably, the drinks were on the expensive side, but I believe in paying for an "experience". So I'd rather pay a little more to enjoy my drink in a perfect setting, rather than save a couple of bucks and battle the masses for elbow room.My friends all ordered mixed drinks, and claimed that they were perfect.We stayed roughly 2hrs, had 3 drinks each, and it was a genuinely relaxing and cool place to hang after dinner.In STARK contrast to this upscale experience, we then moved on to a dive strip-club called Girls of Glitter Gulch, but that is another review;)
5	The Laundry Room is a remarkable little speakeasy mixed in along the hip bars of East Fremont ...or more precisely hidden in Commonwealth, the newest and brightest spot of the trendy East Fremont Bars.The Laundry Room / Commonwealth combo is THE set of bars I have been wanting and waiting patiently for in Vegas!  They transport you to another time and place...The Laundry Room even more so.It is a legitimate speakeasy.  You must text the door person to "get in," a.k.a. make a reservation...enter through a couple sets of doors to a wonderful little swanky spot (this is good because exclusivity is part of the charm!)  The room and the bar are small (this is good because elitiness is part of the charm!)   The drinks are incredible and expensive...around $15 each (this is good because exceptionality is part of the charm!..and hopefully it keeps you away!)  Additionally, you really don't need a menu here, just tell the bartender what type of things you like or are in the mood for and let them go to work....ps this is the wrong bar for bud, captain & diet, vodka-cran, and the like.The ambiance and atmosphere goes a step or two beyond any other Vegas establishments (this is good because distinctiveness is part of the charm!)  I can't praise them enough!  Juyoung is literally one of the best in town!
5	Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...Don't tell anyone about this place!  It is quite the little jewel.  It's hidden inside of Commonwealth, but SHHHHHHH don't tell anyone!You have to text a number to get a reservation and then when you get to Commonwealth, you look around like you're lost and then someone says, "Excuse me, do you have a reservation at Laundry Room?"  Why, yes we do, how do we get in?  "Follow me...." through a door hidden in the wallpaper, and then another door, and then.....boom!!! You're in the 1920s.  I mean as soon as you walk in there is some prohibition clinkity piano music going on, some filligree on the wallpaper, some tufted couches, and a glorious bar with very comfortable backless stools (usually not a fan of backless stools, but these were nice).Drinks are labor intensive, delicious, rightfully expensive (so don't complain, you've been warned!), and full of a bunch of ingredients that I've never heard of, but damn are they amazing.  There is also popcorn in little vintage bowls strewn with crystals.  Now listen....I don't like popcorn.  I don't like how it gets stuck in your teeth and tastes stale no matter what.  But this popcorn was HATCH CHILE popcorn and it was spicy, a little smoky, and I pretty much became obsessed with it considering the bartender filled the bowl up twice for me.This is what a speakeasy should be.  Classy, sexy, chic, and mysterious.  SHHH, DON'T TELL ANYONE!PS, I would have taken some pictures, but pictures are not allowed!!  There is a whole list of rules in the back of the menu, which I wholeheartedly agree with every single one.  I need this place in my life more.
5	This place is quite amazing! I'm so glad I stumbled upon this page a week before my birthday trip to Vegas.And thanks to an awesome Yelper and fellow reviewer below, I got my reservation on a Saturday night. The boyfriend and I arrived at Commonwealth eager and stoked. We were directed to a guy who secretly entered the room and said we would have to wait 10 minutes. That was fine, we arrived early anyways. After a bit of standing, we were brought in the speakeasy themed used-to-be-a-dry-cleaners room. It is very small! Definitely not good for groups. We got a seat, and you're required to sit down as it is part of their many rules. The hostess handed us the menu, some amazing chocolate drizzled caramel popcorn, and water. After looking through the booklet of unique drinks, I opted for the Havard Yard with the recommendations of the mixologist. One of the two most non-alcoholic tasting drink. The boyfriend got something full of whiskey, and I could smell the drink from across the table.All drinks are $15. These drinks take a while to make but as you read the ingredient and watch her make the drinks, you'll see why it takes longer. It's really not the average wells drinks and cocktails.Throughout the night, the hostess continuously walked by to refill water and popcorn for us. They have the nacho cheese popcorn flavor too but the chocolate drizzle is hands down the best. The atmosphere in here is great! You are guaranteed a seat and it's not loud and crazy. No drunk people screaming. I like it. The change in environment from the Commonwealth to Laundry Room is like day and night. This place is a lot more intimate. Perfect for a date. Looking forward to coming back!
5	I have a new rule. I made it up last night while enjoying my overly strong drink at the Laundry Room. It is as follows: I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER $15 DRINK IN MY LIFE, UNLESS IT COMES FROM THIS ESTABLISHMENT! Wow wow and wow again! Where do I even start?! I had plans of coming to Commonwealth for a yelp event, so I made it my mission to find a way in here. I won't disclose how I received the secret number you text for reservations, but that is THE ONLY way in. I made the reservations about a week in advance, but was told unless its a special event downtown you don't need as much notice. During the CMYE, I asked our bartender how I go about my 8pm reservation for 4. He said, simply text the number for instructions. So about 7:50 while on the roof I sent a text and was told where to meet. It's a secret door that isn't obvious unless you know about it. We were then escorted into a very small, dimly lit lounge. There were 6 gentlemen already inside who greeted us with the raise of a glass. We sat at the bar, which was our only option but I'm glad it was. Our bartender Jun was wonderful. She handed us each a menu that explained a bit about what the Laundry room was (a place for airing your dirty laundry) as well as the house rules. (No pics, no standing, don't be creepy, etc.) Then I noticed the liquor looked like it all came from the 20s or 30s. Some truly did, others they put in old school bottles. But there was no patron, belvedere, or jack Daniels to be seen. The menu was extensive and I was in love because almost every drink had a form of bitters. There were old fashions, and manhattans. As well as things I've never heard of like the lady vesper which included absinthe. My boyfriend had a Mai tai, but there was NOTHING normal about this Mai tai. All of our drinks were insanely strong and delicious. Jun did not mind schooling us on our lack of gin knowledge or any other spirits. I am not fond of expensive overpriced drinks. THESE WERE WORTH EVERY PENNY! I will never go order a $12 watered down drink at a strip casino ever again. I hope this place keeps its low key vibe, cuz I'm planning on being a regular.
5	Where do I began?? Lets start with the awesome fact that you go through a hidden door in the wallpaper to get into this quaint little bar. There was one other group at a table when we walked in so we sat at the bar, which was the best place we could be. The other group left within 20 min of us being there so we had the entire place to ourselves. The mixologist Jun is AMAZING, yes mixologist because she is far from a bartender, there are no basic shots, no whiskey sodas or vodka tonics here. My boyfriend is head of the liquor department at a local store on the strip so we love to learn about liquor's and try new things and boy did we... We spent the entire night at the bar talking with Jun and getting lessons in the history of every drink and mixer we tried and of some we didn't get a chance to try. I was told not to drink too much before going so we had a few shots along with the wine we had at dinner. That still was too much for the overly STRONG drinks. Not that them being strong is a bad thing however if your going to be trying different drinks, which we did, I recommend not drinking beforehand. The drinks here are so different then anything we have ever had before or even heard of, I loved everything we tried.  Not only will we be returning but we made the reservation before we even left!! There is nothing better than having your own private bar and mixologist to cater to your taste buds!!
5	Las Vegas, there is an official Speakeasy! You have to be in the know to get here. If you don't have a cellphone, you can't get in.The phone number is top secret. There are rules that must be obeyed in the Laundry.This is not where you come to order a vodka-cran or a Bud Light.There is a menu of liquor choices (gin, vodka, whiskey...) and you wait patiently for these concoctions to be made with love. All drinks are priced $15.This is also a smoke-free establishment. There were little trays of gourmet popcorn awaiting you to munch on. I'd never go for community nuts or pretzels, but the Laundry has such an air of sophistication and class to it, that you really are transported to another place and time.If you can get the number, text ahead of time to make your reservation. Keep your group small. If you happen to find a close-pin laying on the floor of the Commonwealth, be sure to pick it up, it's your golden ticket to gettin' in this top secret joint.
5	This place was amazing. You have to text the number to set up an appointment but its worth it. My girlfriend and I went and it was really quiet and the mixologist June was amazing. I highly recommend finding this place and going.
5	Like everyone before me, this is a must know how to get in. Without that number there is no way. A few friends and I went on a mission to find this secret number, the details as to how we got it cannot be disclosed as it is incriminating evidence and may link me to a murder...jk. Anyhow, we showed up, the reservation allowed us to skip the huge line into Common Wealth on a First Friday. Once in, we were escorted to the oh so mysterious Laundry Room.Now for the good part. Inside was a fancy dim lit bar and was the brightest area of the room. The bar had drinks not common to ordinary bars. No beer at all. It was quite (as per a rule) and everyone was sat (as per another rule.) At one point someone broke the noise rule and the bar tender shut them up immediately. The bar had seating, there was also seats along the walls. Then a piano and in front of the piano a seating area, which if you are lucky to grab a seat, is the best place. The whole place was lit by very dim light bulbs and some candles, my eyes took a bit to adjust. After seating, you receive a booklet outlining their specialty drinks although you can ask the bar tender for others. However, if you don't know your alcohol then you will have a hard time choosing one. You have to be patient to order drinks. Why? because the bartender personally visits you and I'll tell you now, she know her sh*t. Very informative and creative. She takes your order and watch her work ever so skillfully! The drinks were strong, but delicious! You don't realize how strong they are until they hit you. The cost is  15 a pop, but considering your ordering at a place that hardly anyone can get in they are well worth it. You're paying for the experience!Over all definitely a place to go and impress a girl, no joke a panty dropper.
4	I'm totally a fan. Getting into a speak easy is always fun and even more fun when you're visiting Vegas for your birthday. Its true what they say, if you don't have a cell phone you can't get in. There is a secret phone number that my boyfriend found on his own in less than a minute. Its not hard people, you just need to be observant. The interior of The Laundry Room is bad ass. Every teeny tiny detail is completely well thought out. Even the long stick candles were real and lit. There are rules when you visit a speak easy and this one is no different. I abided and didn't snag any photos. My boyfriend on the other hand snagged photos and cussed occasionally. Sorry 'bout it! (Thats what he would say)For $15 cocktails its a good thing they are strong right? you feel like you're getting your monies worth. My experience wasn't that. My drink was so strong I could barely finish it let alone enjoy it. And believe me, I can handle my liquor. Everyone else with me enjoyed their beverages just fine. That is one reason I didn't give this place five stars. The main reason though? I'll get there. First and foremost you should know that I NEVER rate or review a business based off of other people visiting the establishment.  Although, when a speak easy has rules I expect them to live up to that standard and a few of their top rules were, 1- Regarding Guests. Do not bring anyone in here you would not allow into your home to babysit your only child and/or your new born puppy. 2- Please, Speak Easy. Keep the volume of your voice at a reasonable level. And 3- Jesters Who Muse.  The patrons may be minimally tolerated, but jesters lacking redeeming social value will be escorted out. A group next to us was clearly friends of the bar tender and possibly owners of the establishment. After us waiting almost two hours to get in, they were enjoying themselves by being annoyingly loud and a girl at the table literally kept looking at our table with the craziest "I will destroy your face" expression. On one occasion we all stared back and she didn't look away. It was beyond creepy and awkward. This woman and her friend had been escorted out of Common Wealth earlier that night. If she's getting kicked out of Common Wealth, how is she even allowed into "The Laundry Room"? Guess the rules are for show. Which is fine. Towards the end of our stay I over heard the group of people saying things such as "lets get these people out of here" etc... I get it, you're all friends and you want to enjoy this place alone.Its a rad joint with a killer interior and awesome drink selection plus, its a speak easy. Of course it gets a good rating. But it won't hurt my feelings if I never wait two hours for that experience again.
5	Okay, so the place is a secret but the secret is worth keeping.  They snuck us in through an unassuming door that we had staked out for weeks whispering about its possible contents.  It turns out the room just inside the door is simply the waiting room to get in - and the actual joint is much larger - and well dressed.Decked out in speakeasy attire, the interior is classy and unique.  You'll sort of have to see it for yourself to get the full effect.The drinks are high priced, but every bit worth it.  Each is well made and delivered with individual service by the bartender.  She is highly talented, and worth coming for.
5	Okay . . . I'll be honest . . . have been wanting to "get in" to this place since it first popped up on my radar back in January . . . and decided that my mission on my next trip to Las Vegas was to get in here . . . anything else would be failure.Well . . . after making my reservations the previous Sunday (was snuck in Thursday) . . . we decided to make our way over to the Commonwealth a little early for a beer prior to entering . . . shortly after finish out beer, we were snuck in.This place was unbelievable . . . I can't tell you what I had . . . this was because I let our mixologist surprize me each time . . . any every drink was a unique experience . . . I loved them all.The place was relatively busy . . . but watching the ninja mixologist move . . . hopping above the cash register . . . then onto the bar to grab a new bottle of liquor . . . and never missing a beat . . . keeping us entertained the entire stay.The only bad part . . . the evening came to an end . . . until the next time I'm in Las Vegas . . . I will only be able to dream about the wonderful time at The Laundry Room.
4	First let me say that I don't care for this whole speakeasy reservation system. I find it cumbersome and unnnecessary. Once I got inside though, I appreciated the decor and how cozy the atmosphere was. While the list of drinks was extensive, it was hard to imagine how they would all taste like. I opted for the Mexican Fruit Stand but I was unimpressed by it, perhaps I picked the wrong drink. This is a nice place to bring out-of town-guests into for the experience, or if you're a big drinker, in which case I am not.
5	Before we went to Vegas this last time I decided to look up and see if there were any Speakeasy's. I came across "The Laundry Room" which is located in the "Commonwealth" bar. Just like you, I was on Yelp and was only able to find out that I needed to text a number to make a reservation. At first I wasn't able to find this so called number and almost gave up. Then I did as much research as I could find on "The Laundry Room" and was able to get the number. We went on a Sun night at 9:30 and the Commonwealth bar was pretty dead even though it was a cool little spot. We texted the number again to let them know we were there and were led into a small room hidden by a secret door. The mixologist June was amazing!! We sat at the bar and talked to her the whole time. She is definitely a mixologist and not a bartender, her drinks take time to make so don't rush her. I can't remember the decor too much except I know they had doors on the ceiling and in the bathroom they had a old school Alcohol Still from the prohibition days and old newspaper clippings as wall paper. They also had the best popcorn in a goblet style type cup and you could eat as much as you wanted. It wasn't regular popcorn either, it was like a sweet and spicy flavored popcorn. There was like a 2 hour time limit but June and her bar-back/helper (who was also really chill and nice) said we could stay as long as we want. The drinks were absolutely delicious and super strong. I had 4 drinks in 3 hours and left feeling pretty good. I will definitely come back every-time I go to Vegas. No need to text the number next time cause June gave us her card and said we could personally call her to let her know we were coming in. I thought that was pretty cool of her and it made our stay at the infamous "Laundry Room" a little more special then others.
5	This is the best secret in Vegas. Chic, sexy, and oh so cool don't even begin to describe this place. Behind the secret door in Commonwealth lies a different world of an entirely different time, and once you're escorted in by the hostess, time stands still. I had recently found the number to this place and decided it would be the perfect bar to celebrate my friend's 24th birthday on a Thursday night. The Laundry Room is ambient & the perfect place for intimate dates but would be good for groups just as long as you're not rowdy. Katrina, the hostess, seated our group of 3 and poured us water while browsed the menu. A few minutes later, the extremely knowledgeable bartender came over and took our drink orders. Katrina recommended the Jackie-O for me and the boys ordered something "boozy". Our drinks were impeccable and well worth the 15 dollars. We stayed for a few hours, had a few drinks, and enjoyed talking with the bartender who is a master at her craft. We payed our bill, tipped our bartender & hostess, and already made a reservation to come back.
5	What a brilliant place!I almost didn't write this review, so as not to let such a sublime secret become less of a secret.It's a bar within a bar.It's inside The Commonwealth, which for me is a mildly interesting, but in the end not much more than a generic hipster joint full of over-hormoned yahoos, and too much negative space and negative intelligence.But for those who are never want to be "on the radar", who like to be zen and unseen,  it's worth walking through the Commonwealth circus to get to The Laundry Room, which by comparison is quiet, thoughtful, sophisticated, expensive, and refreshing.I can't wait to go back.
5	Most people don't know this but "The Laundry Room" is really just a nickname for this new spiffy speakeasy here in town. What the majority of the patrons don't know is that the official moniker of this watering hole is "Juyoung's Lair," "Juyoung" being the mixology mastermind who singlehandedly designed the 44-cocktail of a menu, not to mention the adult beverages just through the door at Commonwealth and across the street at Park on Fremont. Texting the host back and forth to literally get the in on this place makes you feel like a member of a secret society, though the entire process is not as intimidating as it might sound. Final reservations are taken at 1a and for groups of up to six, with management reserving the right to limit your seating time to allow for another reservation on especially busy nights. Once you get into Commonwealth, the mixologists will instruct you to just let the host know - via text as well -  that you are here, after which someone will come and shimmy you into what literally used to be the laundry room of the old El Cortez Hotel. We went on a Wednesday night when we still had a choice of bar or booth (the maximum capacity is 25), so we chose to sit at the bar where Ju was working her magic. She serves each guest that walks through her door, without the help of a cocktail server or a barback, and helps every individual either pinpoint the perfect cocktail on her menu or whips up something she'll feel is perfect for him/her after a bit of conversation. She's currently working on getting some equally fancy non-alcoholic beverages on the list as well so that people who don't understand what a hangover is can participate too. All drinks are $15 each, which might seem a little steep but once you realize you are getting the Ivy League PhD in Beverage Service, you'll be able to let go of your AA degree in Bud Lightology.
5	Awesome... just plain awesome. Go to Commonwealth. Find the clothes pin, and get in. Worth every penny.
5	Speakeasy Confidential. A "secret" worth uncovering.
5	Finding the password to get inside was surprisingly simple.  It was fun portraying Sherlock Holmes for a good moment, hunting down for hidden clues on the Commonwealth website.. then I thought to myself, "Oh H E double Hockey Sticks.. Why not just sleep with one of the Bartenders?" Like I said, shockingly simple.  Being that Bar Culture is my hobby, I had to be sleazy to get in eazy!It was like the Prohibition Era come back to life (not like I ever lived it of course) with this modern day classic.  A literal hidden gem, The Laundry Room brings a sense of mystery and intrigue when invited to this somewhat illicit speakeasy.  Like Alice following the White Rabbit amidst Commonwealth, you are led deeper and deeper until you step into a wonderland of cocktail culture. A tall beautiful blonde who stood among the shadows of the corner shared that the area used to house this private establishment was once the "laundry room" for the El Cortez.. hence the name. Aside from the elaborate antique decor, the whimsical Bar Rules and the restroom that equips a copper pot still into a sink, what gives this bar its true character was the Bartender/Mixologist at large, "June", and the drinks that come along with her.  She formulates each cocktail with precision and mastery.  One of the drinks under her belt, also my favorite drink of the night was the Mexican Fruit Stand because it was reminiscent of just that.  The drink is made with a fruity based tequila, muddled green apples and some spice.  Ask her about the story behind concocting such a great summer pharmaceutical.. Mind you, each drink does run about $15, but the potency speaks for the price.  An exceptional bar that goes hand in hand with an exceptional Bartender.Im a happy local when I know places like Commonwealth and the dubious Laundry Room exist in my hometown and I pray they continue to raise suspicion and corrupt the general public.  Thats my story and i'm sticking to it.
5	The Laundry Room, a real small hidden room within a room in Old Las Vegas.  If you are looking for a place to get you pissed stupid drunk (Although the drinks are pretty strong) then this is not the place for you.  Here you have to be classy folks.  No throwing the free delicious garlic popcorn into each other's mouths.  The drinks are so tasty and strong that you are going to want to sit back, relax, chat with friends in the dim-lit room, and sip on the complex drinks.  Atmosphere is what you would expect in this secretive spot.  Chairs and stools are made with soft fabric, people are chatting softly, and the bartenders are outgoing.  Expect to spend up-upwards of $15.  Take all of this into account and you found yourself in a unique, classy setting that will take you away a bit from the wild, crazy life style that is Las Vegas.
5	This place is amazing from drinks to music to ambiance.  Real speakeasy vibe.  The drinks will run you $15 a pop, but they're delicious.  And you're really paying for the *experience,* as much as the drinks themselves.  From the cloak and dagger password and hidden door business to the adorable clothespins with the phone number for reservations, they've definitely tapped into the speakeasy spirit.  I recommend going early before it gets crowded, especially if you're looking for a romantic date spot.  That way you can also have the full attention of the lovely and knowledgeable mixologist!  They have around 100 drinks on their menu, a mix of classic and revamped cocktails featuring all of the major boozes, so you're sure to find something you like.  I'm sad I left Vegas just as this was opening, but glad I got to experience it.  A definite must-do for tourists and locals alike
5	My two friends and I were scheduled to arrive in Vegas, Friday night. I decided to lookup lounges & bars and stumbled upon this illusive Laundry Room you Yelpers were raving about. ;)I texted the speakeasy and was able to reserve seats on a midnight on Friday (technically Saturday). When my two friends and I arrived in Fremont East, we walked to the Commonwealth and waited to be approached by a beautiful blonde. "James, where the heck are you taking us," one of my friends asked, nervous about the area."Just hang on."Once we entered through the secret entrance, I knew the place was going to be interesting.  It wasn't really packed, and it was very dim and quiet compared to the loud dive bar outside.We were initially seated in front of the piano, but June, the Laundry Room's talented mixologist, came up to us and said we looked uncomfortable - and that we should sit at the bar if we wanted. How were we going to say no?I'm not well versed in many drinks, so I had a Mojito as my first. Excellent mix - my friend agreed.  Friend 3 was more of a whiskey guy, so he had his share of drinks. We all drank about 3 drinks. Sure, the drinks were up there in price. But they were very, very good. Clean.  We ended up being the last three there, and as people left June spent more time chatting with us about everything.  A truly accommodating mixologist.I'm definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.  I'm not into loud bars - I want a place to chill, chat with friends (preferably not drowned by dubstep) and enjoy good drinks. The Laundry Room fits the bill. It's excellent.
5	What can I say that others have not already? Ju opened our eyes to Blue Corn Texas Whiskey and transported us to an era of relaxation. We did not worry about how much time and money we spent or anything that was going on outside of that little room. We broke our All-American habit of having it our way and let her take us on a spirit-ual (pun intended) journey. We met some great people, and had not a care in the world for 3 hours. Go here. It's worth the trip from the strip, east side, or wherever you may be staying/live. One of mine and my significant other's highlights of a mostly off-the-strip vacation.
5	What can I say . . . other than . . . vegas doesn't get any better than this.  I thought I loved this place after my first time here.  But it only go bettter . . . of course this time I brought the wife with . . . and needless to say . . . she thought this place was off the charts . . . I had to explain yelp and that 5 stars was the maximum . . . not 12 . . . she thought it was better than a ten.This time though . . . I can honestly tell you two of the drinks I had "A Paper Airplane" and of course the James Bond in me had to have "A Lady Vesper" . . . again . . . I give the mixologist full reign . . . I'm betting that in just a couple of more trips, I willl have everything on the drink list once.  In three visits and 18 drinks later . . . not one repeat . . . the mixologist has and unbelievable memory.I might even try to sneak back one more time before we head back home . . . after all . . . it was the perfect  beginning to this Vegas trip . . . why not make the perfect ending . . .
5	Love this place. Absolute gem of a spot. Intimate with a very chill vibe. So glad I was able to find it. It did take a while for me to pull my crap together to figure out how to make a reservation but once I did it was easy peasy. The mixologist is great. I love that they come out, introduce themselves and mix a drink based on your desire, even when what you want is not on their menu. It was a great experience that I will definitely have again in the near future.
1	*Edit*After having a great time last week at this location spending $200+ between 3 of us, we decided to come back with a bigger group of 6. One of our friends showed up early and asked to get in at the line to the Commonwealth. Bouncers were very rude and told him he was intoxicated and he couldn't get in. He had 3 drinks that night and was def. not intoxicated and not even drunk. I got there and showed them my reservation, they still would not let my friend in. A 4th bouncer came and shoved my friend to the ground, unprovoked. The shove even knocked two of the women waiting in line, spilling their drinks and stumbling into the crowd. There were several witnesses. My friend did not speak belligerently, he did not threaten anyone in any physical manner. We would have easily and happily spent 400-500 this night at the bar and had a good time and would have loved to come back again and again as locals, but this was unacceptable. My friend is filing an assault charge against the bouncer. We will never come back to a place that charges $15 a drink and treats their loyal patrons this way.
5	Picture this:There is a demure woman sitting at the bar with one hand holding a hand rolled cigarette in an extended holder and the other hand draped over her dapper gentleman caller. He, with a striking resemblance to Rudolph Valentino, has his hand on her knee right below the hem of her embellished chemise. Both leaning leaning towards one another casually in conversation, sipping the forbidden swill that the procurer behind the bar has provided. The drinks are strong, the lights are dim and the best part: it's all a secret.With an obvious speak easy ambiance and prohibition-like password entry, The Laundry Room takes "the hidden door" idea to a whole new level. After a long night on Freemont, my first night ever on this crowded/hot street, my boyfriend led me up to Commonwealth and walked straight to the doorman.  I wanted to object and point out there was a line but I was far too tired after the walking from our hotel. After a few whispers a young lady met us at the door and led us through the jam packed floor of the bar and to a secret door. Inside was a small bar with a handful of people seated throughout. There is various seating, ranging from plush corner booth seating to tall stools at the bar there is proper elements available depending on what type of night you are trying to create.After soaking in my surroundings and listening to June (the bartender) speak about how the bar came about, I ordered a Lady Vesper. What a cocktail Ms. June can make! She is a wonderful bartender and a wealth of knowledge about different things around town so chat her up if you get the chance. After a little research things to keep in mind would be:*no standing (be seated please)*no smoking*keep it classy (you can make out with your man at home)*keep the cell phone usage to a minimumWith this idea popping up all over the U.S. and with having been to similar in my home town, The Laundry Room opened me up to the possibilities of what a secret speak easy can be.  Many thanks to my boyfriend for this wonderful surprise and the time it took to secure the reservation. All you gentleman out there;  take notes.  A place only worthy of my 100th review on Yelp.
4	The exclusivity is definitely the most alluring part of being at The Laundry Room. This place is just really, really cool. A speakeasy...in Las Vegas! I love it. On 04/20/2013, My fiance, our two friends, and I ventured here and had a blast trying several of their magnificent concoctions while enjoying relaxed conversations for a few hours. We all had such a great time. Between the four of us, we tried 10 cocktails from their specialty menu and they were all delicious. I got the French 75, Debutante, and Monkey Flower. All gin-based with sparking wine elements; all very well-crafted and good. The French 75 is one of my favorite Pre-Prohibition cocktails and this one was wonderful. The hostess that assisted me with the reservation was so sweet and the bartender, June, was pretty flippin' awesome too; wonderful service. My only criticism is that it was unbelievably hot in there! When the air would kick on, it was great, however, as soon as it shut off, it was very uncomfortable. Other than that, the evening was perfect!
5	Where do I start? The mixologist of course! Daniel was runnin the juice joint while June was out of town. Wow! The drinks that he made (his own), were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Especially this one..... well, I can't tell you,  it's a secret. From beginning to end he was darb! No where else can you go and have a personal mixologist, in a private setting, and in Las Vegas, or anywhere! I can't really begin to decribe every single detail in this place. The thought that went into it is incredible.  Everywhere you look you see something else to appreciate. I don't want to spoil anything. So all I can say is trust the reviews! I also have to give a shout out to the talented piano player that played for us, Spidoni (I hope I got that right). He is there on Wed night only. Great guy and plays beautifully. One last thing. I would definitely recommend going early. There are very few seats anyway, but my husband and I sure enjoyed having Dan, just about all to ourselves!Truly the BEST experience and can't wait to return!
5	If you're a scotch/whiskey/bourbon drinker, then the diplomat is the drink for you.
5	Don't underestimate the strength of the drinks like I did. But best drinks ever.Seriously.For the care (and amount of liquor) that goes into the drinks, definitely worth the 15 bucks.Much better than the bars outside. Nice if you want to drink and actually talk to someone.
5	What an experience! This place is AMAZING! When we entered it was like going back into time with all the fixtures, music, and photos. The atmosphere and ambience was quite relaxing and the drinks..UNFORGETTABLE! Daniel was wonderful! We will be back!
5	Upstairs is "ratchet," downstairs is "common." In here is "wealth." -JuneNice play on words. June is an amazing mixologist and knows her stuff. She's great at recommending something to fit your palate if the drink menu is too overwhelming. I don't commonly pay $15 for a drink, but I do have an appreciation for the art form and understand the pricing. These aren't your usual gin and tonic or rum and Coke type of drinks.The fact that it's a speakeasy does add to the charm. I try to bring friends that have never been so they can experience this place. It's always a good time and a welcome addition to Downtown.
4	Top Secret, will try not to ruin it for you! Wasn't sure exactly what to expect but what I do know is my guy friend jumped several hoops and was finally able to get us in after the 5th try! Lady bouncer is not the sweetest starburst in pack  via-text but when we arrived, she seemed really nice. Hidden inside the Commonwealth, need approved reservation and cannot be late! The place is pretty darn small. Capacity would probably be 20-25 if i had to guess. The bartender chic knows her sh**** and very helpful in helping find the right drink for you. She works the bar and attends the 3 tables, all herself. I was at "ahhhh" with the decor and paintings. The ceiling-VERY CREATIVE and awesome! I wasn't expecting it to be so intimate. I hadn't read any of the reviews prior to coming here because it wasn't really planned but found it to be very intimate. Noise level at about a 4 or else the table next to you will hear your entire conversation! Loved the candles, and enjoyed reading the "House Rules" on the menu. Don't miss it!
5	Drinks were exceptional. Only thing lame is the reservation system you have to text some broad. But for sure will be back best drinks in Vegas and some of the best around the country. They need to really consider opening more night wed-sunday don't cut it.
5	super fun, although things started out extremely nutty.i had a 12:30am reservation, but discovered the police had closed down the ENTIRE block of fremont street that included the main entrance to Commonwealth. we walked around to 6th street, where there happened to be a side entrance. the bouncer wouldn't let us in, but after a few confused texts to the LR host, he came down and escorted us in.when we walked into Commonwealth, i thought we may have made a poor choice--it was a typical EDM riot. but then we stepped through the secret doors and found an oasis!we sat at the bar and it was actually quiet, no EDM penetrating through the walls,  with just a little old-timey music for ambiance. i started classic with a sazerac, then an AWESOME gold rush, another gold rush, and a mystery drink (i asked the bartender to make me something special). one of my friends had a few glasses of a really good scotch.the bartender was SUPER nice and engaging, and made fantastic cocktails. and the room is quiet enough that i could talk to the people who were on the other side of the bar, which was great because we were there long enough to see three waves of people come and go, and they were all very friendly (and appeared to be regulars).the Laundry Room is the kind of place where you can sit for a couple of hours, sipping tasty drinks and relaxing. it's a bit of a challenge shifting from the frenetic pace outside the room, and at first i was antsy at there being only one bartender, especially when she's not just sloppily throwing together vodka/tonics and kamis. but watching her carefully create other people's drinks--then applying that same precision when it was my turn--helped me chill out and actually enjoy what i was drinking.will save that secret number for my next visit, fer shur!
5	Went for the first time the other day and was pleasantly surprised. I didn't know what to expect of this speakeasy inside of the Commonwealth but I know I'll definitely be going back again. The bartender was super fun and you could tell she loved what she did. I wasn't sure which cocktail I wanted so she started asking me questions to better get to know my palate and maybe personality (eg "Are you a cat or dog person?") What resulted was one of the best cocktails I've ever had, called the Cat's Pajamas. The atmosphere was super cool also, loved the doors that made up the ceiling and the unique faucet inside the bathroom. I also appreciated that it wasn't so loud and that I was able to have a great convo with friends without having to yell. Only catch, don't go if you are in any kind of hurry. The drinks definitely take time to prepare, which was fine by me. I'll definitely bring more friends here! Loved it!
3	The Laundry Room remains in a class by itself.  It is a beautifully quaint speakeasy in downtown Vegas.  The room is great.  Unfortunately some changes have taken place.  They had one of the absolute best mixologists in town working.  She is  no longer there.  Now you are served by adequately competent, bartenders...hopefully this changes.  A real black eye from my perspective, and worth a single star from my perspective if it keeps up is the managements failure to honor the customer by keeping a reservation.  My friend had reserved the room, only to have them call and cancel on short notice...the reason?...they told her they need the room to host their investors.  When a company puts their own before the customer that is a red flag in my book...hope this changes immediately!...this is after all one of my favorite places in Vegas, and I have been here dozens of times.
5	We were absolutely blown away!!! I can't even begin to describe our experience! I had heard of The Laundry Room recently and wanted to check it out, especially if it's anything like Commonwealth + Park-- and obviously, it is part of the trendy, hip experience! The only downside of that is making a trip downtown when it's NOT super packed at these popular spots. It ruins the experience haha. So Sunday night, after watching War Horse.... And to my surprise, they were open and operating! WOOOO HOOOOO!!!!! Texted the # on here and they responded right away, I got a rezo! It was all of our first time, party of 3 speakeasy lovin girlfriends! Didn't realize this is THEE only speakeasy in Vegas! And they do everything right by having the secret entrance and being exclusive. We were greeted by Kara, the host... She was a lovely gal! Brought us in through a couple doors and explained the concept. She showed us to our table and we had gourmet popcorn waiting for us! Chili con Queso from POPPED! Mmmm we killed that right away haha she also brought us water in a cute bottle that stayed with us all night. Dan was our server/mixologist and he was WONDERFUL! Definitely had the persona for the job-- I wish I would've met this Ju everyone raves about though! Dan made some great suggestions and drinks for us, one of my girlfriend's drinks were prettttyy strong haha we even told him to maybe not make her such a strong drink the 2nd round and it was still pretty strong haha. He must have really liked her ;)The decor an ambience was SUPERB!!!! Totally brought us back to our ideal era-- the roaring 20s! We chose the theme of 1926 for the evening! The music was fitting, the chandelier looked like a timeless antique, the table clothes looked aged but gorgeous, they had cute linens as bev naps, the popcorn was served in fancy large oversized ashtrays haha, it was dim in the lounge, totally intimate. Everything was just PERFECT!!!!!Prices aren't even bad, average of $12/drink. I'd pay more for the experience and everything!!!! I decided I want to host a themed bday/Christmas party in there! Very exclusive and limited of course-- I'm talking BUYOUT!! Who's in?!! Thank you, Commonwealth for blowing my mind again! Y'all rock!!!! I hope this place always keeps it's charm and doesn't become too much of a sellout like most places like this do! =\Don't tell anyone I told you to check it! SHHHHH!!!!!! Let's keep it the best kept secret in town!
5	Plan ahead, ask for a reservation, it's all worth it! Yummy popcorn and amazing drinks. Try the catspajamas ;)
5	So glad I stumbled upon this place via Yelp when planning for this trip. It's all been said in other reviews. Just go. The popcorn is incredible, as is the atmosphere and obviously, the handcrafted cocktails. A Vegas MUST.
5	Overall satisfaction is above what I expected.  Dan the mixologist was a professional,  not only apparent in his mixing skills, but as well as guest service.  Kara was sweet and showed great hospitality.  She smiled often and was very polite.  The ambience, feel, mode, and music definitely set the tone for the rest of the night, leading to great conversations, superb drinks, and friendly people.  It's no wonder why The Laundry Room's ratings hit 5 stars on countless reviews. As a casino business professional I can genuinely say that I had one of the best drinks I have ever had in years.Thank you The Laundry Room
5	Hands down my favorite bar in Las Vegas!!! Absolutely nothing like it!! It's like stepping into the Great Gatsby film. You must experience it for yourself.PS: Don't come here if you're looking for cheap liquor, only the finest top shelf liquor is served here... and for a reason. The best drinks you'll ever have. Cheers to the amazing Mixologist.
5	This place is a hidden gem located in the backroom at commonwealth. It was like the book from "The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe," and BAM you are in a a different place. The room itself is really small, but that is what makes it so personal. The atmosphere and the live piano music was amazing! A bunch of our friends came here for a birthday and had a blast. Thanks to my friend who showed us this place. First, the popcorn is amazing!!! The popcorn is so delicious, even Jesus himself can't resist the temptation. hahaha. The drinks are about $15, but they are strong and meant to sip as you sing the night away with the piano man and converse with close friends or the people next to you! I loved how there aren't a bunch of drunk d-bags around you yelling in your ear and spilling drinks all over the place.What more can you say about a place? Its classy, fun, and entertaining.
4	The only speakeasy in Las Vegas. Had a great time with the wife, really nice dim intimate atmosphere. Drinks are expensive at 15 dollar a pop for their signature cocktails, that were very creative and tasty. Service was friendly and personal and the wife loved the free popcorn. They had a great piano player that really made the experience cool.
4	Speakeasy, Craft Cocktails, Intimate Surrounding, and Chic Atmosphere = LUV!Reservation will be hard to make the day of, but it isn't  impossible to check out The Laundry Room if you do some early planning; earlier the better! The Laundry Room is tiny, so reservation is limited. The room only holds 3 tables (1-table of 2, 2-tables of 4) and a bar that holds about 6 seats. As any Speakeasy should be, the door is discreet. Can you find it? *The Laundry Room is located secretly inside another bar, the Commonwealth. Craft Cocktails is listed, but if you know what you like, tell your Mixologist. I thought my Gin Fizz and Bee's Knee were a 4-star, but the Rattlesnake was a solid 5. The Rattlesnake was recommended by the Mixologist of the night, Daniel. The service was attentive and our hostess, Cara, was super sweet. Thanks for the great drinks and service! The drinks are listed based on Liquor making it easy to select. Quality drinks away from the Strip; what's not to love?!Parking: street and lot (Lot averages out $9)PS. Reservation is made by texting the number listed.
5	I was deliberately trying to avoid writing a review for the Laundry Room as talking about it really defeats the purpose of the secrecy surrounding a "speakeasy." But now that 50 other yelpers blew Commonwealth's cover I might as well throw in my two cents.To get in, you need to text a secret number which changes pretty often. Upon arrival you get a text for a rendezvous spot inside Commonwealth where-after your party is led to the secret door in the back. The speakeasy is pretty small and very private. Service has always been excellent and the small trays of popcorn are delicious. Now just to be clear, this is not the place to order a Bug Light or vodka tonic. The Laundry Room features a craft drink list all made on the spot and are unlike anything else you get can get in town. They put together a nice list libations, my fave: Rattlesnake featuring absinthe, rye whiskey, lemon, and egg whites. Each one of the drinks is $15. While $15 may seem a bit high, each drink is unique and definitely worth it.Tip: no pictures of the Laundry Room! It is a secret after all.
5	Had a great time at the Laundry Room on my latest trip to Vegas. Dan, the Croatioan Sensation, has a nuanced palate and excellent intuition when it comes to putting together drinks that you're in the mood for but can't quite explain. I'm a rye guy and the buddy I went with is a Mezcal drinker, but Dan was able to give us drinks that we could experience on the same level and with similar notes. Buzz button. Ask about it. Be about it. Shout out to the hostess with the mostest for deft texting reservation skills as well.
5	Finally got to check out the Laundry Room last night and it was as cool as expected. This tiny hidden gem inside the Commonwealth definitely doesn't feel like you are in Vegas. With seating for maybe 20 at most, the bartender is a mixologist who will make you a drink from their cocktail menu or might even whip up something off the menu for you. While I wasn't thrilled with my drink, it was my fault as I stepped out of my comfort zone and ordered a vodka drink with ginger and some other stuff. I'm a huge vodka drinker but this one wasn't for me. I'll try something else next time. The vibe is very quiet and relaxed. I got to enjoy sitting in a rocking chair and chatting with some co-workers. They have a piano which you are able to jump on and throw down some tunes (hopefully you will know how to play if you do).Anyway... you text the number for laundry room and they will let you know when they have availability. Took a bit for us but we were already at Commonwealth having our company party so we were not in a rush.Look forward to dropping in again sometime!
5	Speakeasy bar. In order for you to get in, you kinda need to make reservations first. Actually, YOU NEED TO make reservations. You can't just show up out of nowhere.We were greeted by the hostess, brought to the back, and right before we entered, she gave all these rules to follow. No picture, no walking up to the bar, no loud noises, no texting, etc etc. Pretty much, don't be a millenial but be an adult from the Prohibition Era.The bartender walks around and asks everyone what kind of drinks they want. The drink menu is very simple. It's divided into different stages/years of the Prohibition. Please don't ask me what the drink menu has. But it has the classic favorites, manhattan, sidecar, sazerac and moscow mule.It's hard to get in during the weekends. You're better off during the weekdays. Wednesdays becomes a somewhat of a piano bar. Expect to snack on popcorns.
5	The coolest speakeasy experience yet.1. You must text to make a reservation.  The number is right under ur nose. I made it two weeks prior and getting in was seamless2. While you wait for the hostess escort you, swing by the rooftop and enjoy the view of Old Vegas3. Once you get into the actual Landry room, be sure to enjoy the piano player, conversate with the bartender, and be enchanted by this amazing venue. 4. Dont go around telling everyone in vegas. I would like to go back some day. This needs to open in NYC or DC stat.
4	This is easily one of the coolest things to do. You have to text the phone number to set up a reservation. They will prepare a table for you at the designated time. When you get to the outside bar (The Commonwealth), you will send another text message. You will receive instructions on how to get in. The atmosphere is very near what I would expect of a true speak easy. The woman who acted as the hostess was very friendly. The bartender (Dan) was great. He helped my mom and I choose our drinks when we weren't sure what to order. My brother had an old-fashioned. All the drinks were good (although they are a little pricey, as mentioned in many other reviews). Our only complaint from our visit was that at the end of the night, we waited about 45 minutes after receiving our first and only drinks. The waitress finally came back around and we asked for our check. 35 minutes later, still no check, so we broke the rules and walked up to the bar to pay. She seemed confused as to why we came up there to pay. To make matters worse, she has just been hanging out at the bar chatting, not preparing other tickets or serving drinks. Overall a good experience! I'd definitely go back again.
4	I have a lot of love for the craft cocktails, atmosphere, and regular employees of The Laundry Room!  You can read my previous reviews for more detailed insights. The last couple of times here have been very solid.  Dan is doing a good job behind the bar and Kara is delightful. Management and I have not always seen eye-to-eye, but I felt I needed to update my rating after my last visit.
5	Hands-down- the greatest drink experience in the city.  The atmosphere, the room, the details down to the most minute.  It's incredible.  What really makes it special are Cara the hostess, and Dan the bartender.  Dan is a true master of his craft, a gentleman, a pro.   Do it.  You'll be blown away...
5	The Laundry Room was at the top of the list of cocktail places the wife and I wanted to try on our trip to Las Vegas.  On previous trips to town, we'd tried to get reservations for the intimate speakeasy within Commonwealth without success.  However, whether it was the day (Sunday) or the hour (around 9:30pm), we were able to get seats at a small table in the cozy room.  The cocktail menu was impressive in its comprehensiveness and detail, covering a wide swath of differing spirits and taste profiles.  While the extensive list may have made it difficult to make a decision, Dan the seriously talented bartender, made it easy by coming over to our table and discussing the menu with us.  He asked questions and made sage recommendations to customize cocktails on the list to precisely fit our particular tastes.  It was akin to the chef coming out of the kitchen to go over the menu.  Frankly, it was the kind of service touch that made a serious impression.  Our classic cocktails were impeccably made, nicely balanced, and exactly what I'd hoped they would be.  The wife's Boulevardier with a slight twist was genius.The Laundry Room is a must for anyone who loves a well-made drink.  Is it a bit pretentious?  Sure, but that probably helps it to maintain its exacting standards and keep the customer experience unique and memorable.  It has vaulted to the top of the list of my favorite cocktail places in Las Vegas.
5	Place was awesome this past Friday night! Our party of six had a great time and would go again every time we go to Vegas!
5	Amazing.Small and intimate, it's a delightful place.  A place to make new friends, be in a friendly and relaxed environment, and feel like something special.Tip #1: You must make reservations.Tip #2: Text the phone number.  Name, # in your party, and the date/time.  You will be texted a confirmation with instructions.Tip #3: You enter thru the Commonwealth club.Tip #4: Await further instructions, but the entry is not thru the locked freezer looking door.Greeted by a beautiful and elegant girl, she was in a silver and black form-fitting dress.  She took my friend and I into a small room, explained what was going to happen, and then opened another door to let us in.Wonderful ambiance.  A small bar that seats 6, chairs with a counter along the wall, and 4 tables with chairs.  Really intimate.  Chandeliers, wooden doors as a ceiling, and features the coolest bathroom ever.Daniel came over and explained the little booklet of drinks, but that he would make anything we wanted.  Note: they don't have any beer or wine, but things with cocktails and spirits is the name of the game.  Flavored popcorn was great (and free!).We sat at a table for awhile, and mosied over to the bar -- much better.  Made new friends, and got to know Daniel -- which was a treat.  A very likeable and talent guy.  Albeit he has limited space to work with.At 10pm or so on Wednesdays, they have a piano player who is wonderful.Truly fantastic.  It's a must.
4	really cool speakeasy in the middle of downtown Vegas. It was really easy to text and make a reservation and i was able to score the date/time i wanted at about 2 weeks ahead of time. whoever is manning the texting is really quick at replies/requests so i was impressed by that! me and justin b. had a late reservation at midnight and when we tried to get inside Commonwealth the line was around the corner! luckily a quick text to the laundry room scored us a front of the line pass and we were escorted inside just like that haha. i felt so cool to be let through the velvet ropes while everyone just stared at us as we walked by haha. once inside the laundry room is such a quiet oasis compared to the loud music and crowds at commonwealth. it was nice to sit at a table and relax with our cocktails and popcorn. the cocktails are $15 a pop but they are made with quality ingredients and such attention to detail. told our mixologist what i was looking for and he definitely delivered! i had a tequila cocktail and them a champagne one to finish off the night and i loved both! definitely check out The Laundry Room if you want to escape the hustle and bustle that is downtown!
5	Need a place to hide out for a night?..  June has you covered!  This place makes me want to don a fedora and call ladies dames.  I love this "secret" place.  Drinks are made to mood and are amazing. Best little secret in LV.
5	The laundry Room was very cool, you have to text  them to make a reservation no sooner than in a week in advance ( your name,date,and how many are in your party). The Laundry Room is a hidden small room within the Commonwealth bar on Freemont Street in downtown. They serve no beer in the Laundry Room, the mixologist was outstanding. One other group was in there, and we enjoyed talking to them.
5	On my last trip here . . . they were training a new mixologist . . . since that time . . . a couple of friends have visited and gave me mixed reviews on the new mixologist . . . well . . . even though I miss the old mixologist, the new one is doing just fine . . . another five star visit.While the new mixologist may not have the flare or passion of the old mixologist . . . he can definitely create a great cocktail.  And as always when I visit my favorite place in all of Las Vegas . . . I can't tell you what I had to drink . . . because . . . I let the mixologist create my night and take me on a trip through the many cocktails on their menu.And this trip . . . was an eight stop trip . . . and what a great ride . . . another perfect ending to another trip to Las Vegas . . . see you all the next trip . . .
1	Overrated!  Get over yourself laundry room.  All this texting is super annoying.  They were very inflexible with my group. They bumped our reservation claiming that another group arrived in our place.  We finally got in only to see an empty bar...literally only two people. Clearly that was a lie.  This place is no different than the fake lines at the strip trying to pretend they are more popular than they are.  I wouldn't come back nor would I recommend this place.
5	Unbelievable place!!!  The people there were so super nice and not to mention let us in after our flight got in late and let us in when my phone died lol...I have no idea what i had to drink all I know is it was coffee flavored and it was so good!!
5	My first visit to Vegas and I have to say that The Laundry  Room welcomed me with open arms.
5	It started off really fun as you go in a secret entrance. They make you text in your reservation and only take groups of 4. We had 8 so we had to go in with two groups of four. It was dimly lit so we had to use our phones to read the drink menu. However that didn't matter as we all ordered off the mixologist. He was amazing! There was later a piano player that would look up songs if you requested them. He would play them the first time as if he had been doing it for years. A HUGE talent! It is quieter so it is not what you think when you think bar. I found it a great time though and super relaxing.
1	I attempted to ask if I was at the correct door for the laundry room. The gentleman did not even want to make eye contact or answer my questions. Is this the customer service you wish to portrait for Fremont?  I would say take your service to the Griffin or The park. The servers and bartenders are MORE than happy to assist you. I have worked in customer service for more than 7 years and what I experienced is a DISGRACE to the city of Las Vegas. There is too much competition on Fremont for a "doorman" or bouncer to act in the manner as he did. If the manager wishes to talk to me, you can reply to this. I will gladly elaborate on the event
5	Mystery, secrets, exclusive, speakeasy..... Almost anyone would be intrigued by these words and that is what lead me to find the secret code to get me into the Laundry Room.  The former actual laundry room for the EL Cortez is hidden inside the Commonwealth. You have to get the secret phone number and text them to get "reservations" as seating is limited.  The phone number is readily available from the bartenders and sometimes is strategically placed around the bar.  We were greeted by the lovely Kara and let into a room that felt like traveling back in time to what I picture a speakeasy would look like.  Equipped with ceilings made of doors, comfortable seating and a piano in the back, the Laundry room actually inspired feelings that something illicit was happening.  The staff of the Laundry Room was very friendly, the bartender comes over and asks what type of drink you are in the mood for.  After getting your preferences, the bartender makes his own special cocktail for you.  He was spot on with his choices.   The drinks are $15.00 apiece which, considering the attention given by the barkeep, are not unreasonable.Intermingled around the bar are bowls of gourmet popcorn.  This is a great place to take a date, or a small group of friends or business associates where you can have a drink or two without the crazy crowds in the Commonwealth, yet still be in the club and go mingle when you desire to do so.  The best of both worlds.  The Laundry Room is a true throwback to the simpler times.  Even the bathroom is special.I do wish there was a bit more space and maybe additional snack options but the Laundry Room delivers exactly what it purports to deliver.
1	I would love to leave a great review, but I'll never know if it was any good or not. We had reservations for our anniversary, but the doorman wouldn't let us in because we had our EMPTY souvenir cups with us. When I told him they were empty and we had a reservation, he told us we could leave them outside if we wanted. He was rude and condescending. Needless to say, we cancelled our reservation upon not hearing back from staff we scheduled with. I guess not everything goes in Vegas...don't bring in your empty cups to a fancy bar!
4	I pissed my pants while drinking too much in Commonwealth and someone told me there was an laundry room. Once inside I took my pants off and gave it to the girl. With a smile she said what are you doing. Naked with just my shirt on I said what too much. Of course I was just joking about the above.Laundry Room is Commonwealth's not so secret secret room. Theres a some what hidden door to get in and out but someone has to let you in and out. Getting in is pretty much the only thing you need to figure out cause I dont remember and wanted to get in last time there. Just remembered a little close pin. Try asking the Commonwealth bartenders.The cocktails are $15 a pop but they'll cater to you, bring snacks, water, chill with you while get sober or wasted and relax. The bartender was awesome friendly and made some perfect drinks. The hostess was very friendly I gave her a big hug before I left.Its literally a small room with just enough room for a full bar and a couple small tables w/ chairs. Theres a door that goes to the street, im sure its just for emergencies. Oh yea theres a restroom inside too with a wrench as the door lock. Real chill place to pregame before attacking downtown nightlife or wind down after. I would definitely be back.
3	This place wasn't really my scene ... especially reading the reviews that you have to keep your voice down and you can't get too rowdy ,_, But first off, we entered through the commonwealth and it's located in a secret room! Shhh* The room is pretty cold so maybe bring a light cardigan if you want? But yeah, they have a few certain rules that you have to follow and a lady will brief you with everything before you enter. This room is SMALL. Kid you not, it can only seat around 10 people in there. The bartender is really nice and he'll make a specific drink from the menu or you can ask him to make you something special. I forgot the name of the drink I ordered but it tasted like nail polish ..... BLEH! :( I couldn't even finish it because it was just not sitting well with me. They also gave me some rose petals to put in my drink but it didn't make it any better. Yikes!! We only stayed for about 30 mins and left. They also give you a clothespin with their "laundry room" logo on it as a souvenir or something? Or it's your ticket back in if you ever want to go back. You also couldn't take pictures inside so that was kinda sad for me since I wanted to take pictures for memory. But the bathroom was nice! They had a cool faucet and it was really clean. But I probably won't come back here the next time I'm in vegas since it wasn't really my type of scene.
5	Such a fun hidden bar, ie speakeasy. If you enjoy new unique experiences this is one to try. Very small venue with only one bartender, who is not only extremely attentive but also knows his craft. I told him I liked lemons and blueberries and he created an amazing cocktail with that information.  Also, with it being such an intimate venue, you really can forget your on Fremont street. There are rules which are pretty easy to keep if you're there for a relaxing evening of good conversation. One of the patrons even started performing on the piano, such good ambiance. They even have a really unique bathroom. Beware, though, all they serve are cocktails, no beer or wine, and those little drinks pack quite the punch!
5	I love this place. It's my favorite spot in town.I've been here a couple of times now and let me tell you; I can't get enough of it. The whole concept of the Laundry Room is just so alluring because of it's "secretive" vibe. Their drinks are all $15 and they're definitely worth it. One of the mixologists, Daniel, makes the best personalized cocktails. If you're not certain on what to order from their menu, Daniel can conjure up a concoction that'll please your palate. To get in the Laundry Room you need to make a reservation and let them know what time you'll show up and how many is in your party. See ya there!
5	I took ze boyfriend here for his birthday and it sure was a treat for our first time! I texted the special number a good week in advance and was told reservations are max of 6 people. They only hold your reservation for 15 minutes so be on time! When you get to Commonwealth, skip the line and let the doorman know that you have a reservation and just provide the name. After you get in, text the mystery number again and they'll instruct you on where to meet them. Once you're inside, it starts to make sense on why reservations are a max of 6. Very intimate setting but entertaining as well, as there might be a piano man and usually a fun bartender to carry on a conversation with. There's 2-3 tables with a few seats at the bar. They of course have specialty cocktails that are era specific. My favorite is the Moscow Mule. We made friends with both the piano man and bartender so you can imagine our first time was definitely very enjoyable. This is definitely a place where you can get away from the crazy drunkards screaming and hollering down Fremont, and just enjoy a nice cocktail.
5	So, I'm going to keep this brief, because this is all that need be said.This is a bar for people who really, truly, love old and wild and interesting cocktails. It's for those who are willing to put their faith in the amazing bartenders, and enjoy the ride.Better than Violet Hour in Chicago; a deeply personal, intimate experience; both with your companion, your bar-mates, your liquors, and your expert mixologist bartender.Do not come here to party. Do not come here to get drunk. Do not come here to raise a ruckus.Order bar "omakase" and tip well.
1	Harrah is the rudest manager!!! So we made a reservation for my wife's Bday and 3 of our 4 guests were there when we checked in. Our fourth was about a min out and Harrah informed us to wait where we were and that she would come back and seat us as soon as our other member arrived. A couple minutes later we were all there and we stood waiting for her to return. After 5mins passed we asked the bartender and he informed us to just hang tight and she should be out shortly. 5 more mins passed so we decided to text her again. No response for another 5 mins and then she comes out to seat another group, afterwards she doesn't return, only texts us that we missed our time and that she wouldn't seat us. I asked for clarification and to speak with her and 15 mins later she finally comes out, talks to some other guests and then eventually come over to our party who has been standing in the same spot for almost 30mins. Her explanation was that they have tables available but that she wouldn't seat us because we missed our reservation! I asked if there was anything she could do since it was my wife's Bday and her response was, "that's not my problem." To make matters worse when we asked the bartender to validate that we had all been on time and waiting on her, she just walked off. The bartender was empathetic but confirmed our suspicion that the real issue here is that Harrah has a power complex and is one of those people who likes to turn down customers to make herself feel special. What she doesn't understand is there are tons of bars in town with signature cocktails and that mixology isn't a limited art in Vegas. If you want a good speakeasy skip this place and go to the  velveteen rabbit instead. The owners there want nothing more than to take care of their guests.
5	WONDERFUL and unique experience. A hidden gem downtown. You have to text the number - ask the bouncer's at Commonwealth. Get a reservation. And show up on time. You will be lead into a secret beautiful intimate bar - which used to be the laundry room of the El Cortez.  The vibe is mellow. The ambience chic. The decorations are one of a kind and vintage. Drinks are made to order. No beer and wine.  The managers and bartender paid serious attention to detail. Which means a lot in my book. No frat boys or beer pong here. Highly recommend on your next Vegas trip.
5	This place is awesome. Just go, you won't be disappointed!
5	This is an absolute must if you visit Vegas! The wife and I ended our Vegas trip at this place after hearing whispers of its existence. We found the way to get in and fell in love. This is an amazingly intimate cocktail lounge, with your own private mixologist, crafting the best cocktails of the roaring 20's and days of speakeasy past. I would highly recommend it, and at a very great price per drink and great service we will be coming back again and again, that is of course as long as we can get the password right and no frowny faces on our moniker ;-)!!! See you guys soon!
5	Must try kinda place!
3	Drinks are really good the bartender knows his stuff. Not really much to see inside I feel there could be more.
5	This is probably the coolest place I have ever been in my life. Great experience and even though I am yelping about it, it still seems pretty secretive. You have to text a number(don't have it anymore) and reserve bc its obviously limited space. Sucks I didn't get any pictures but I tried to follow "the rules"The host was very sweet and was shocked we decided to comeby all the way from TN. But me and hubby live for hidden gems!! This place made the best $15 tequila cocktail ever!! Like I seriously wanted to hug the mixologist. I only had 2 bc I was just drained from alcohol by our last night but I really enjoyed it there. Very intimate place and makes you wanna wear your burgundy lipstick and cute dress and just vibe out in great convo and quiet chuckles.
5	We came here on Halloween night. A circus, right? Nope.  First off, our flight was delayed so we asked to change our reservation time.  They were great about it!  We arrived at 12:30 and were promptly sent past the massive crowd waiting to get in to the Commonwealth back to The Laundry Room.  I would like to disagree with people that say this is like a hipster SF bar. I live in SF and the hipster SF bars have WAY too much attitude. The Laundry Room was great.  Upon arrival we were given their special buffalo wing popcorn and the mixologist (sometimes I hate that word, but this guy was really good) asked us what we like, we're whiskey folks so he crafted two amazing bourbon based drinks.  Our parting shot was another Scotch based drink, (we're also scotch drinkers) :)  The vibe was quiet, the whole place wouldn't seat more than 20 people and it wasn't full.  It was a nice quiet break from the downtown mayhem going on outside.  There was no rush, service was amazing, and cocktails were delightful.  Highly recommend to ANYONE wanting a stellar 'off-strip' experience!
5	i could tell you how awesome this place is, but then id have to kill you.
4	Nice place to chill and relax and enjoy your drink without the big rowdy groups of people hanging out at some college bar or night club.
5	Cara Mia.  This place is very nice.  Intimate, dark and good tunes.As you all know, it's inside The Commonwealth. It's a  speakeasy inside the bar.  But don't just show up and expect to get in.  You need the special code(cell number, figure it out).  And make a reservation with plenty of time in advance, that way you can choose your time to be there.  If you do last minute reservation, you'll get a midnight reservation.  Don't dress trashy.  Wear some nice slacks, or something to that effect.  Only 20-25 patrons fit in here.  So it feels exclusive.  If you want a surprise drink, tell the bartender what your poison is, (tequila, rum, etc) and a brief description of your likes and he'll make something up for you.  Delish.  And they bring you a decanter of cold water to refresh yourself and a crystal chalice with gourmet popcorn.  We want to stay here all night.  So, this will definitely be a regular stop when in town.  I'm now a member of an exclusive establishment.  So, feel special, come to The Laundry Room.
5	This, along with DCR "Downtown Cocktail Room", are my favorite bars in Vegas. Stop by and try a drink. The bartender, Dan, won't do you wrong. I've been to a bunch of mixologist bars and Dan knows his stuff. Note the following:1. Make a reservation via text.2. The bar is located inside Commonwealth. Tell the guy at the door and they'll let you right in.3. Text the bar as soon as they enter. They'll guide you from there4. No photos and no talking on cell phones.5. Sit back and enjoy!!!Cheers!!
5	Literally a "hidden" gem. You arrive at the commonwealth, and realize you have no idea where to go, and after some conversation with the regulars you get a number you text and if you're lucky, you get into this hidden little room that's unlike anything on Fremont. The place is beautifully decorated in 1920's paraphernalia. The cocktails are incredible and given you don't like anything on the menu, the mixologist will create something custom for you. If you're looking For a real "lounge" with beautiful decor, relaxed atmosphere, incredible craft cocktails this is the place to be.
5	Second visit on Saturday night, Dec 27, 2014.You need to make a reservation via text message; it's a small place with maybe enough seating for 3 groups of 6, barely.The bartender was very nice and professional.  You're not limited to the menu.  Tell him what you like and he'll have a go at it.  I was happy with my drinks.Speakeasies have become trendy, but I hope its not a trend; I hope they stay around.  Here's what I look for in a great speakeasy:- "Hidden" entrance.  I know: gimmicky.  But guests always love this shit!  Or maybe cause I have hipster friends.- Handcrafted cocktails.  You know, bitters, and egg white, and apothecary bottles of extract.  Fancy stuff like that.  No fish filet.- Friendly and knowledgeable bartenders, and a welcoming staff.  I'm looking at you, Noble Experiment in San Diego.  There are places that seem to value your business, and want to put a smile on your face, proud of their craft.  Then, there are places that ride high on their 4.5-star trendiness on Yelp and... well, don't let me get started.- Interesting decor.  Attention to detail.  There are lots of copycat "speakeasies" that might have some hidden entrance with a stupid password, but then just throw some chairs around the place and think its enough.  Gimmicky.Laundry Room is a fine establishment.  And the cherry on top?  A pianist on Saturday nights, who played requests that included Hotel California (my buddy), and Wonderwall (mine).  Cause i get sentimental when I drink in good company and spirits.
