2	Flaming Kabob, disguised as a former 5 & Diner, has been open at this location for a little over two years. Why, then, hasn't anyone reviewed it? The staff was nice enough. The place was nearly empty at 1 pm on a Wednesday, yet service was remarkably slow. There were only two staff members in the front, but there were also only two other tables occupied while we were there. I admit, after being spoiled with the wonderful Mediterranean cuisine of Fattoush, this place left me disappointed and yearning for my favorite little hole in the wall joint. There were seven of us, so we got to sample an array of what Flaming Kabob has to offer. Here's a run down: Hits: The Tabbouleh salad was tasty. The rice, with golden raisins, was very moist and flavorful. Chicken kabob was spot on. The garlic sauce was good, but not as smooth as i've had other places. Tasty iced tea. (garden variety) Misses: Baba ghanoush lacked flavor. Consistency was good. Hummus could use more spice. Falafel was overdone, almost to the point of being charred, yet soggy in the middle. Spinach pie (spanakopita) was awful. Ricotta cheese and some odd spice that we couldn't name ruined this dish. Chicken kofta was an odd texture. It's ground chicken, but there's something else about it....Pitas came straight from a bag. Come on guys, can't you do any better? And completely unrelated to the food.....the bathroom was out of toilet paper. Or seat covers. Or anything resembling a paper product that one might use after relieving themselves. Final verdict: Don't waste your time or money. The prices are higher than many similar places- $8-9 for a lunch plate, the service is really slow, and it just isn't that good.
5	I am going to have to disagree with the review below. I was here over the weekend and I thought the food and the service was excellent.   The waitress was very attentive to our needs. The manager/owner was very hospitable and checked in to make sure that everything was ok. I ordered a mixed meat platter that was ridiculously good.  I will definitely be back.
5	I will also have to agree with imran.  I can't let this place get a bad wrap for one unsatisfactory review.  This is by far my favorite middle eastern food in the valley.  I grew up on authentic arabic food and the flaming kabob tastes just as great as the food I remember eating growing up.  Their grape leaves (w/ lamb) are fantastic, love the hummus, garlic sauce is very potent and wonderful, the gyro plate as well as the chicken shwarma are A++.  And the filafel and tabouli are perfect.  I have turned many friends/acquaintances on to this restaurant and most of them are hooked too.  Definately give this place a try.  You wouldn't be disapointed.
5	This place is by far the best middle eastern restaurant in the valley. The rice is excellent and I think the selection of kabobs and meat dishes by far the best that I have had in arizona
2	The service could be better.  Much better.  We waited about 10 minutes before we were asked for our drink, which was at the same time we ordered our food.  The food was good.  Not excellent, but definitely good.  I don't think I would go back again just for the mere reason that there are other places to try.  I wasn't extremely impressed.
3	placed a take out order (2 gyro ''sandwiches'', chicken shwarma, hummus and some baklava)...got there to pick it up and it seemed like if there's more than 2 people eating there, the whole staff gets flustered and doesn't know what's going on.  Sat there waiting for 15 minutes (even though my order was done and waiting) until they took care of the eat-in diners.  Long story short: crappy service BUT awesome food.  The gyros were stuffed to the max, the chicken was cooked perfectly, the hummus was bomb, and the baklava was a great ending.  I'll definitely go back, but it will always be a take-out scenario, because again, the service seemed to suck.
2	I agree with most of the other reviews about this place.  The food is ok at best and the service is a complete cluster fuq.  The value of the food is ok because they give you a decent amount for the price.  It is all just a bit dry and bland.  The service is very helpful and apologetic when something goes wrong, but it really doesn't help because everything was slow.  You almost feel bad because they are very nice, but really don't know what is going on.The absolute best part of going here was that the establishment was an old 5 & Diner that went out of business.  It was a trip seeing all of the 5 & Diner decor but now with Mediterranean music being played in the background and people eating hummus at the milk shake counter.All-in-all I'm glad I went there to try it out, but probably won't go back.
4	I stumbled across this place by accident with a co worker of mine. I noticed it had a fifties vibe but was names flaming kabob. I had to try it. I am a sucker for Arabic food. I was married to an Arab so I know great Arabic food. I actually love to find little holes in the wall like this and be pleasantly surprised. The service is nothing to write home about, but it wasn't bad. The prices were good. I ordered a shawarma sandwich and thought it was wonderful. I don't think I have had it that good in Phoenix yet. Maybe a fluke? Don't know, only been once so far. Some of the reviews below crack me up. Someone said the hummus needed spice? Um sorry, but hummus does not have spice it!! It's chickpeas, tahini, fresh garlic, salt, olive oil and lemon. I loved what I ate and if I am ever in the area again would definitely eat here.
4	If I had read these other reviewers review I would probley not come here but i had also stumbled in one day for lunch and thought the food was decent but my wife and i went last nite for dinner and had the baba ganough which was good(i make better) we split the mix grill which is pleanty for 2  and also ordered the falafels which i liked as well and we took a to go container home with enough for a nice snack. we were the only people there at the time ....8ish.....except for the owners family very nice folks but the kiddies were a bit rambunctious.
4	Very good, authentic Mediterranean fare. They also have great lunch specials - entire vegetarian platter (hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli and dolmades and two pitas) for $7.99, can't beat that! I also tried a few of their french fries and they were delicious!Otherwise, it was a bit slow on the service but a nice place to eat. I will definitely go back here again!
5	Best Arabic/Middle Eastern food in the valley!!!  The portions are also HUGE and price very fair.  Everything is great, and I am picky so that says something about this place.  The atmosphere is VERY casual, used to be a 5 and diner - obviously.The service is great.  Even if it weren't, I wouldn't care because the food is great ;)
5	Flaming Kabob is one of the few things I miss about living in Mesa, AZ.  The BEST chicken kubideh I have ever had!  I just can't find anything to compare (even in the DC area where I now live).  I always got the rice instead of the french fries because it is sooo flavorful - tastes like they cook it with chicken stock and the golden raisins they add to it just makes it delish.  Upgrade to the greek salad for a $1.  The mango smoothie and hummus are also to die for!
4	I went here with a large group of friends from church.  They served us all the same meal and told us a little bit about the food that we had eaten. They served us a salad and pita bread with humus.  Both very tasty.  I love some good humus and good, this was.  For the main course, they served us rice with raisins, chicken kabob, and meat which was lamb and beef together.They only had a couple of servers that evening, but I felt that they did a very good job of handling our large group.  It was very good, and I would definitely go back and try them again.
4	Best Mediterranean food I've found since moving here from Europe (yes, it's not abundant in AZ at all). Service was quick and friendly, and the serving sizes were huge. The Greek salad was amazing, and the gyros was the best.The former 5 & Diner decor was a bit odd, but I suppose it doesn't matter with food this good.
2	Where to start. Me and my Fiance have been to this restaurant several times. She was on the hunt for a good vegetarian meal after her favorite place (Doobys) went out of business. The food here is mediocre. She never has been overly happy with the her meal. I usually get the chicken kabob, the chicken is tasty, however the other items in the meal are inconsistent (sometime I get tomatoes and peppers, sometimes just peppers, sometimes some lettuce, etc.) The biggest let down is the extremely sub-par service. The last time we went to eat here the waiter got both our orders wrong, and out drink order was not correct. There was only one waiter to service three small tables and two large groups, so being attended to was not timely. There were other employees behind the counter, but they would not help out. It was extremely frustrating. They tried to give us a free desert (that had been sitting in the display cabinet most likely all day.)Everytime we have eaten here it is the same old story about the service. We will not be patronizing this restaurant any longer and will find somewhere else that carries similar food.
2	My chicken was raw. I sent it back and it came back to me shriveled up and dried out. My friends meal was better but nothing to rave about. The staff was fantastic...but we wont be back.
3	The 50's diner decor is a little weird, but the service is good and the food is a good value and tasty.
4	Me and the family go here at least every 2 weeks to get some of their delicious Gyros, they have a gyro special every day and for the price you get plenty of food. very good service also, the decor is a little weird because this location used to be a 5 and diner, also if it's slow time of day it's really quiet in the place no music in the background so it feels kinda strange. but damn I love their gyros.
2	Had a coupon so I thought I'd give it a try.  Had a gyros sandwich with fries and a coke.  Gyros sandwich was very skimpy on the meat, the fries were garden variety frozen.  Luckily, they give you a pretty good serving of fries so you don't go hungry from the tiny gyros.  Maybe I'm used to the football size gyros you get when I lived in Chicago, but this was definitely nothing special.  Doubt if I'll return.
5	The food was excellent, fresh, plentiful and inexpensive.  The server was helpful as he thought we had never had middle eastern food.  We let him make suggestions anyway since he was trying to be sooooo helpful.We had the chicken kabob sandwich with tabouli salad.  My friend had the gyro sandwich. Both were large and freshly made.  I think it's an amazing value so I don't know how a previous Yelper could say  that this is an expensive place.  The lamb dishes are well priced considering the cost of lamb meat and the size of the portions they serve.  As for the decor, this is clearly a former 5 and diner (50's decor)  but who cares.  As I frequently say in my reviews:  I don't eat decor, walls or tablecloths--Just the food!  Enjoy this restaurant.  Go there soon
1	This place has definitely gone downhill. I ordered the gyro and fries. The gyro was dry and tasteless and the fries were under cooked. We were served by the teenage daughter that had better things do to. The place itself was pretty dirty, I can only imagine what the kitchen is like. I wont be back. Good luck Flaming Kabob!
5	The lunch specials are divine and hummus is fresh and delicious. I like to get the $5.99 lunch special, the gyro with a side of salad and I usually ditch the pita bread. It's a good amount of food, with or without the pita to fill you up. They don't skimp on the sauce nor the meat. Service for me has always been fast.
4	Four stars base on the food alone. I thought the food was excellent and am looking forward to going back to try the gryos. I am not a fan of the restaurant. I think that the seating could be a lot more comfortable. The only option was a counter or booths. The table was a little sticky and I am sure it is because of the age. This place used to be a 5 & Diner. I wish they would remodel the inside so the restaurant was as good as the food. I will still go back!
3	I've eaten at this restaurant about four times.  I like it.  The food makes me miss living in Metro Detroit.  Hits:The fattoush salad is the best I've had in Arizona.The hommous is a big hit with me and my friends.  Garlic sauce is perfect.The price is just right for the quality of food and the amount served.Take out is quick.The workers are very nice.Misses:The temp in the restaurant tends to be a bit too warm.The restaurant looks like it was one of those 60 style restaurants with the little radios at each booth and none of the decor was changed when the new restaurant took over.The dinning area is a bit dirty.  It could benefit from a deep cleaning to make dinning in a little bit more comfortable.  I wouldn't want to go there on date.The homemade desserts are missing.Overall, I'll keep enjoying the fattoush and will soon try another location.  Give this place a try.
5	Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!Service: excellent, friendly, attentive- the server was energetic, answered all of our questions, refilled our drinks and the saucesFood: my tastebuds couldn't stop thanking me for coming here- the different sauces were AMAZING, humus was good, salad had a little too much olive oil but still refreshing, the rice was so super I asked for more- we ordered the meal for two and it was more than the two of us could handle (and I can EAT)- the mixed plate had everything and we loved it all!- they didn't have the rice pudding I wanted for dessert, but the baklava was divinePrice:- very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food, the lunch specials look like a bargainI absolutely recommend this place and will go back for more!
4	I have been to both locations now, and the falafel is excellent at both. I'm not a meat eater, but my boyfriend likes the shwarma, too. I LOVE the rice!!!  The owner is very friendly and always up for political banter. All in all, a good spot. Its not Haji Baba, but it's still pretty good.The Mesa location is a little retro diner which doesn't quite fit the food they're serving
5	The owner and his family are wonderful people.  They make you feel at home and strive to please the customer.We have eaten here many times and are always pleased.  You can't beat the price for the dinner for 2 combo meal.  The chicken and rice soup is really good and my daughter LOVES it.I love the baba ganoush at Flaming Kabob the most! The fattoush salad is fantastic!
5	Homemade from scratch, the BEST! I wanna lick my plate everytime
4	My wife and I had a craving for Middle Eastern food. I checked on Yelp and found this place where our friends could meet us halfway. They bailed, but we went ahead and enjoyed a delicious meal. It was a bit strange to be eating in an old 5 and Diner restaurant. None of the ambiance was changed except for the addition of the TV and water pipes lining the wall. We were there for the food.We started off with the Baba Ghannoughe. The pit bread was okay and the Baba Ghannoughe was oily but edible. My wife ordered a cup of Lintel soup with her Chicken Sharawma sandwich. The soup was excellent and she ordered a bowl to go which looked like a cup instead of a bowl. Her sandwich was okay...we got spoiled at Sabuddy when it was in Tempe and and then in Scottsdale, their sandwich was in the pocket of the pita bread and not wrapped like a burrito.I ordered the Shish Kafta which was 3 pieces of ground beef and lamb char-broiled with a side of onions & tomato and white rice topped with currant raisins. The meat was cooked just right...firm & flavorful and the rice was okay. It's a good thing I didn't eat lunch 'cause there were good portions on my plate.We topped it off with Baklava...mmmm...so good.
5	Awesome! Don't miss this restaurant.The food is exceptional; the hummus is the best I've had outside of the middle east. The meat is always fresh and well cooked. If you're on a date, the two person mixed meat combo is a good choice to see what you like. If you're into Greek, their Gyros are always done perfectly, and their tzatziki is on point.Prices are fair for dinner, low for lunch. I stop by at least once a week for the $6 gyro, fries, and drink combo. They are a family run business, and every interaction I've had with the owner has been great. He really cares about the quality of his food and how his customers feel.Yes, the decor is off. They obviously bought a defunct 5 'n Diner and turned it into the Flaming Kabob. It makes no difference to me, I'm sure in time they will redecorate or relocate. Either way, I'll be there.
3	Had the gyro lunch plate, it was only ok. The tzatziki sauce was runny and there wasn't enough.
5	When you walk into this place, you get a feeling that you've just stepped into the Twilight Zone. Not because of the food or the service, but mainly because the restaurant looks like it used to be a 50s diner, but serves gyros and kebobs. The experience get weirder when you go to the bathroom where you for sure know this place used to be a 50s diner because it has the color scheme and poster still on the wall. But, let's get away from the awkward atmosphere and delve into the food. I feel that there is really not much of an option if you love the taste of kebobs and gyros in Mesa. I mean there is the Pita Jungle chains here and there, but this place is a mom and pop store that delivers some quality food with great service. I've tried the hummus, gyros plates, gyros wraps, shwarma chicken, and lamb shank here before. They were all good and kept me wanting to come back and try other items on the menu. This place really is perfect for yelp reviews because it's not a chain and is owned by a family. The servers have always been nice and friendly too! (always a plus)Ps. I think you can get hookas here but I've never tried it before.
5	Have been coming here with friends for several years!  DELICIOUS and ridiculously affordable sandwich lunch specials around five bucks.  I always get the falafel sandwich and they let me substitute the tahini for tzatziki, my absolute favorite.  Mango smoothies are delicious and huge for the price.  Fries are thick-cut and yummy.  Lentil soup is also a great choice when you need something to warm your stomach up. Great atmosphere, clean place, convenient location on Baseline, and friendly service!  Come here, you won't be dissapointed!!
4	Let me begin by saying I *love* Middle Eastern food. I have tried many restaurants is search of great examples of this cuisine. Flaming Kabob serves excellent food from a family owned, local restaurant. This restaurant offers friendly, knowledgeable service and help navigating the menu. There was a lot of selection available for vegetarians including hummus, tabouli, stuffed grape leaves, moujadara, falafel, spanikopita and more. Of course lots of choices for the carnivores too.We started with an appetizer of flaming cheese served with warm pita bread which was decadent and delicious. For my entree I tried the vegetable gayalla, a sort of stir fry of onion, green and orange peppers, mushrooms and carrots in a butter-garlic sauce. It came with a choice of two sides. I chose the lentil soup and the rice as my sides. Other sides included Greek salad and french fries.The lentil soup was good but not exceptional. The rice was a moist and flavorful outstanding pilaf with golden raisins and slivered almonds. The gayalla was totally scrumptious. My dining companion, who is a meat eater, wished that she had ordered the same entree. I had been tempted to try several other items on the menu, but they were all items I had tasted before at other restaurants. I was very, very happy that I tried the new (to me) dish. Service is not speedy because everything is made fresh, but it's worth the wait. Drinks were refilled and servers checked on us frequentlyAs other reviewers have noted, the ambiance is a tad strange since the restaurant is housed in an old "5th & Diner" building, and still has the original diner booths and long counter, but with the addition of some hookahs. All I can say is: get over it and enjoy the food. Flaming Kabob is not at all close to my house, but next time I am in the area I will definitely return.
4	This place is amazing. Not only was the waiter friendly and quick to get my order, the Food WAS AMAZING. A little bit pricey, but you know what you are paying for when you take that first bite.
5	Super nice amazing place.. Unbeatable taste of Mediterranean foodI went to four different kabob resturants in Tempe and Mesa and i got an idea that kabob restaurants are all the same.. Same kind of food with slight differences in spices, quantity or may be the serviceBut when I went to the Flaming Kabob at Mesa location it was absolutly different.. the place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. The lintel soup was really tastey..Very good and quick service. I insist to meet the chef to tell my opinion and she was really nice and chearfull ladyFlamming Kabob will be my restaurant every time I have to come to Pheonix
5	The best Mediterranean food in the valley and the best owner. I got turned onto the Flaming Kabob from a work colleague who used them for catering and suggested I give them a shot. Now I cater lunches for work daily and kind of expect to be let down when you order a mass of food...not here! I always order the chicken kabobs, rice salad and hummus and it is amazing everytime! Khalil the owner is one of the nicest most accommodating people I have met. He makes his orders on time and is fair priced. Plus the food is delicious! If you are looking to support a local business and are in the mood for Mediterranean make sure you even go out of your way to go to the Flaming Kabob!
5	The bomb, The best Mediterranean food . he place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. Let me begin by saying I *love* Middle Eastern food. I have tried many restaurants is search of great examples of this cuisine. Flaming Kabob serves excellent food from a family owned, local restaurant. When you walk into this place, you get a feeling that you've just stepped into the Twilight Zone. Not because of the food or the service, This restaurant offers friendly, knowledgeable service and help navigating the menu. There was a lot of selection available for vegetarians including hummus, tabouli, stuffed grape leaves, moujadara, falafel, spanikopita and more. Come here, you won't be dissapointed!!
4	This place is GREAT if you know what you want.DO NOT DO DELIVERY.... The guy sat outside our house for 15 minutes just standing around. We had to go outside ask him if he was from the restaurant. No call, no knock, nothing. He just stood at his car. If one of us hadn't peaked outside who knows how long we would have waited..Ok, that aside...the Gyros are delicious! The hummus is some of the best I've had (make sure you ask for pita bread). The "Flaming Kabob's Combo For Two" is a really good want to try the food out the first time, that is what we did. You get a bit of everything. It's a lot of food for $25.00. We always call in and pick up the food and its ready within 15 mins. Always hot and delicious!
1	I ordered the Gyro combo with fries. Gyro had a wierd taste to it that it almost tasting like Clorox for some reason. I dont know if the smell got into what the cook was making or if it was close to the grill. Whatever it was, I didn't finish it and I'm a big guy.The fries are frozen. No effort to even buy real potatoes, peel, and deep fry. They were underdone as well.For $7 I guess I should not complain to much but that place but another place down the street for $8 is fantastic and will always choose the other place. At least I tried it for you so you don't have to. I'm sure it's a family place and they are really nice as other reviewers have stated but this place will not last if they can get a gyro out in 2 minutes flat with fries. More effort is needed for fresh ingredients and fresh cut fries.
4	Great all around. Reasonably priced. Family owned. Nice place to take someone who has never had middle eastern food.  All the meats are spiced very nicely.  I've been twice. The combo for two is a good place to start.  Second time I had the chicken Shwarma which was excellent.
4	Just had lunch here last week and it was delish! You can't beat the lunch specials for $5.99! We had the gyro and my mom had the rice with hers, I went with fries. I made the better of the choice but the rice just wasn't my style. She liked it. The waiter was a cute friendly young guy. Couldn't have been nicer. I wasn't overly blown away by the tsaziki but it was decent. I will totally go back to try other food items and I'd recommend this place to friends who love Mediterranean food.
5	Another Detroit/Dearborn transplant here in search of that elusive good middle eastern food in a sea of tacos,chimi's chipolte...I think i finally found it in Flaming Kabob..After being disappointed by Haji Baba's food (the store is preemo) i did a standard search and came across Flaming K.i ordered chicken kabob..the garlic sauce was soooo good..chicken was tender perfectly seasoned ..I cant wait to go back and try everything else.
5	If you're looking for wonderful Mediterranean food, this is the perfect place to stop. I've lived in the area my whole life and can remember the Diner that was there first (so to the person that commented on their look, that's what it's from).My best friend and I consider this our place. When we meet for a meal, it's usually there. The staff is very friendly and know us as soon as we walk in. The service is quick and we have never had a problem with the taste/temperature/size/ect. of the food.Favorite menu items: Hummus (two girls splitting the large is usually our way to go).Chicken Lemon Rice Soup (I stock up when I'm sick).Chicken Shawarma (one of the best places I've had it in the state). I urge you to try the food if it's your type of restaurant, and if it's not, I recommend it anyway to step outside your comfort zone.
5	Thanks to Yelpers, we took the leap and had lunch here.  I'd seen it before...  bright, shiny and  looking conspicuously like a former Five-and-Diner on Baseline.  I'll admit, the exterior was a bit off-putting but Yelpers inspired me to give it a shot and I'm glad we did.  As mentioned in other reviews, the lunch prices can't be beat.  The hummus was fantastic - strong tahini and lemon flavors.  The falafel most certainly is not from a mix (or if it is, I'm betting it's in a language I can read nor speak).  The rice is uber simple but fantastic.  I don't know why.  Perhaps they ground up fairies?  Fairy dust or no, we'll definitely be back.
4	Went there specifically for the lamb kabobs that my hubby adores.  Out of lamb, you say? A middle-eastern restaurant called Flaming Kabobs out of lamb?  Out of lamb you say?  Am I to believe that I drove.... miles (I don't want to say how far I drove to get hubby's lamb!)  and you DON'T have lamb?  Yes. I understand now.  You DON"T have lamb!  Hubby had to choose beef kabobs (which I could make at home).  Asked for them bloody-----not rare---bloody!  Plentiful kabob dish came out and when he cut into them they were medium, only one or two pieces were rare.  That's two disappointments in one evening.  Hubby, kept silent (he is the strong, silent type) and ate.  He made the best of his over-cooked kabobs, but then again most people eat them medium or medium rare so the cooks were not skilled in preparing kabobs according to HIS palate.  He had a very good salad with it,  some pretty good rice (although I think it is converted rice and not real rice) and plenty of warm pita.  I ordered a small vegetarian appetizer that was delicious and they gave me more than enough pita to clean my plate of the vegetarian delights.  So all in all they had two strikes against them--no lamb and overcooked beef kabobs (I will ignore the converted/minute rice).  That means that I have to deduct two stars from 5 leaving 3.  But as you can see, I gave them 4 stars-- one additional star for the lovely young lady who waited on us.Could you please buy some lamb for your customers?  Thank you.
4	Ate here last August, 2012. Deeeelicious!!!! But the restaurant itself is a little gross. I think it used to be a 5 N Diner- so all the booths, window sills, etc are greasy and disgusting. Place just needs to clean up. But the hummus was fantabulous!! Yummy pita bread. Kabobs were delish too. Would eat it again... but probably get takeout ;)
5	Awesome catering too!!
4	I have done both dine in and take out here many times. Really excellent gyros, kibbee and hummus. We always get the appetizer combo and gyros. Last time got lamb and kabobs, which were great. Part of the reason we usually do  takeout here is the atmosphere is odd and the service slow. Someone mentioned how hot it is inside, and I agree. The interior is an old five and diner.  The standout for me here is the kibbbee which is very flavorful and crispy. Gyros are great too. Lamb and beef kabobs are very good. Overall excellent food.
5	How come it isn't in Trip Advisor? Excellent shawarma, and, surprise, the "flan", a southamerican desert, is the best in the valley.Great service, lovely super fresh, just made, food.
4	Flaming Kabob has an unusual look to it but don't judge a book by its cover. A 1950's look throughout the restaurant, the food has what it takes for you to come back.I wanted to try some dishes to see what my pallet would like. I had Baba Ghannouge ,which was tasty. Falafel  which was hard on the outside but moist and flavorful on the inside.Chicken Shawarma in a pita bread with tomato and a garlic sauce.My favorite thing of the meal. My wife had  Maza combo. The only thing in the combo that was her least favorite was the Tabbouil. Thw waitress was friendly and helped us out on what to order. If you like Mediterranean food I recommend a visit.
4	Flaming Kabob is Flaming Ka-Awesome.  My girlfriend kept saying she wanted to try this place and we drive by it all the time so tonight we finally did.  We actually ordered it for take out so my review is based on food only.  The inside, however, was very clean and the gentleman who helped us was very polite and friendly.  I had the chicken kabobs with rice and lentil soup and an order of the vegetarian grape leaves.  It was way more food than I could eat and I'm very pleased about this because I will have an awesome lunch tomorrow.  The chicken kabobs were spot on, grilled nicely and tender.  I topped the chicken with a little of their yogurt tzatziki and it was wonderful.  The rice was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed the combination of spices in it.  There is actually a few raisins in it, too, which I liked.  The lentil soup was very good and all around my meal was just really enjoyable.  My girlfriend had the chicken kabobs as well, with rice, but she got a salad instead of soup.  She loved her meal as well and we are fans.
4	Good: The gyros are really good! Ever since moving here from California I've been attempting to find a place to replace Farmer Boys for my gyro fix. This place measures quite high in that regard. I usually get two of them just for myself because they are that good. The waitresses are really nice and friendly, and the waiters can be quite comical at times. I've met the owner before and he was a really cool guy.Bad: The look of the store can use improvement. I'm fairly certain that this location used to be a Five & Dinner, and it is virtually unchanged. They've added an awesome assortment of hookahs and a big camel sculpture inside, but it doesn't do much to improve the atmosphere unfortunately. Other Thoughts: I don't typically order anything other than the gyros, so I can't really comment much on the other foods. My girlfriend says the kabob skewers are hit or miss depending on who is preparing them.
4	I've driven past Flaming Kabob a lot in my new neighborhood and the diner exterior definitely makes me laugh...but I laugh at a lot. I've never been inside there but I've ordered delivery from them 3 times now and each time I've been very pleased. My favorite is the Gyro Sandwich. It is ridiculous good!! The hummus and falafel and pita bread are super tasty as well. The rice is good, raisins aren't my thing so I picked them out but I've really enjoyed eating here and will continue to do so. I will say that they take a bit too long on the delivery, last time they called me to say they didn't have the soda I ordered and by the time they called me the food was already supposed to be here, and then there GPS took them to the wrong place but it was pouring rain so I forgave them. The food REALLY makes up for it and I will definitely be going back!
5	BEST mediterranean in the east valley!!
1	We searched our area for a place to go to dinner.. The 4 stars made the decision... So the Food was okay, not great- slightly burnt taste on everything.  The menus and restaurant were dirty ... But then the service.... Basically sucked. First we go to order our entrees- out of the four or five different dishes they had available. Finally get to something they do have. Should have left. We finished eating and sat there for at least ten minutes, employees everywhere, I proceeded to wave my arms in the air for at least a minute,started clapping until someone was kind enough to walk ten steps to see what kind of emergency was taking place. Get the check. Finally. 50 bucks for two dinners and hummus. Look over while signing the check, big booger on the wall next to me, nice. Won't be going back.
5	From the Greek salad to the Shish kabob they have excellent food and the pricingI am at this place at least 3 days a week for lunch
2	I gave the restaurant 2 stars. The food was good (great Hummus) but this restaurant was FILTHY. We were their first guests of the day! Floors dirty. display case filthy. Booths unwiped. Crap everywhere....
4	I just ate here for dinner with my parents, this place is located in an old 50's Diner-style building, which makes for an interesting atmosphere when you add Hookas, Hummus & Kabobs to the mix.The food is delicious & they offer some really great family meal-deals if you come with a larger group of people. There was 5 of us in our party & we ordered the "Flaming Kabob Family Banquet" for $49.99 you get so much food!! 3 shish kabobs, 3 chicken kabobs, Kafta, Shwarma, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, rice, a large salad, hummus & pita bread. We all went back for seconds and still had a whole meal to take home with us.Food was delicious, large portions & reasonable priced!Family owned & operated, the entire staff was so nice, great service! will definitely be back :)
2	We have been to this restaurant before.  Prices are reasonable and food is good.  Tonight our experience was frustrating.  We brought our 2 year old daughter and when ordering her meal (which includes a drink) we were told they were out of milk.  I asked for juice instead and was told that wasn't included. I asked what was nod he said soda....well she is two so that was out of the question.  I ordered her an apple juice.  When we got the bill it seemed really high to me.  Well we were charged $3.75 for the apple juice!!!! I'm sorry but this is outrageous.  The waiter also took it upon himself to add on his tip and not tell us.  We were only a party of four, there was no need to include the tip.  I will be calling in the morning to speak to the owner.
5	It was so great to find a delicious Mediterranean Restaurant in this area! The food was great, as good as in Turkey.  The service was excellent and all very friendly.Everything we tried ( the combo plate) was excellent and way to much for 2 people.We'll certainly be back.
5	I have had SO MANY wonderful experiences at this restaurant that I had to write a review. My wife and I love to go here for some delicious middle eastern cuisine. The servers are all very accommodating and nice. There is a young man who serves the tables most nights we're in and he is very pleasant at his job. We always get the Flaming Kabob's Combo for Two and enjoy it immensely. The dinner includes: Shish kabob, chicken kabob, shish kafta, chicken shawarma, fried kibbee, falafel and grape leaves. Served with rice, hummus and salad.A few notes: the rice is AMAZING! It has golden raisins and almond slivers in it. So incredibly good! The hummus is delicious, and I recommend the meat cooked Medium/Medium Well with the exceptions of the fried kibbees (get those well done).The ambiance is fun, an old 5 & Diner converted into a Middle Eastern Cuisine restaurant. There is a TV on one wall that constantly has a TBS movie on it, which adds to a fun setting. TBS always has some sort of decent background movie on. All in all, I am a big fan of this place. Very clean, very affordable, and VERY delicious! Enjoy!
1	Ate here last night, just about finished my dinner when a roach crawled on my table. Dirty
1	I did not care for the service or food.  The babageneish did not taste right to me,  they ran out of grape leaves, after I  ordered a shawarma they came back and said they had none. My wife liked her Greek salad, it was big.  She ordered something with lamb but they had none of that either.  I ended up getting a kabob gyro but 2 of the chunks of meat in it were too tough to cut much less try to bite. The best part was getting the check so we could leave.
5	The Flaming Kabob is sooooo good. I've been here about 5 times and it's always perfect. I love everything I've tried. The portions are way big so you'll never leave hungry. The staff is nice and helpful and the restaurant is clean. YAY I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	Flaming Kabob is an awesome option for Mediterranean food in the Mesa area. Portion sizes are no joke here. The hummus appetizer is a huge platter of hummus, along with lots of pita bread. I ordered a gyro lunch combo, which got me the large wrap and a side salad which I'm pretty sure was actually a full size salad. My friend ordered the gyro plate platter, which is easily enough for two meals. Prices are very good as well, considering how much food you're getting. Seriously, we're talking about a lot of food. I peeked at another table that got some combo meal (I think it's one of the ones that's labeled for two people, but its easily for four largish people). I can't get over how much food they give you for the price. So if you're looking for a lot of food, this is probably the place to go.
4	We were here the first time ... Incredible food and lots of it .. We enjoyed it and I think we are going to have left overs would last another five meals
2	Food was good BUT the place was so filthy that I lost my appetite. It's an old 5 & diner restaurant, they haven't redecorated one ounce. You can literally scrape the dirt and grime off of the chairs, floor and walls. I can't imagine what the kitchen must look like!
4	Best mediterranean food in the east valley. I have tried at least half of the menu and haven't found something I don't like.The hummus is fantastic, the meat is always perfectly cooked and everything is full of flavor. I find myself craving it a lot and wish I could eat here more often.I wish I could give it 5 stars and i would if it was solely based on the food alone. However, because of the service and decor needs a little bit of improvement, I'm only giving it 4 stars.We always get the same server and he is very nice, but seems like he just doesn't want to be there. He could be just a little more attentive.The building is an old five and diner, which is ok, but it needs a little bit of updating and would benefit from a more thorough cleaning. If you are the owner reading this, please, please, please fix up the interior just a little bit. I'm afraid a lot of people are turned away because of it and I would be so incredibly sad if this place were to close.
4	Tried this place because of the reviews.  They are not wrong the food was great.  And the service was very friendly and quick.  Will be back.
3	The food was amazing. The portions were more then enough. We ordered the platter for four and it could have fed six of us. The menu has plenty of choices.  The atmosphere is a little confusing since it's in an old looking 50's diner. I felt the restaurant  could have been a litter cleaner. This is part of the reason for only 3 stars. It was also hard to judge service since we had one waiter that was lack luster, and another that was very attentive. All in all the food was great . I will be back and I will update my review.
3	An hour and a half after ordering, we are still waiting for our food. Called 20 mins ago and they knew exactly what I was waiting for, meaning they couldn't possible be that busy.  Disappointing for first timers.EDIT: After finally receiving our food, I can say that we weren't disappointed with the food at all!! We ordered the Combo for Two and holy mackerel was it a ton of food! We have enough for lunch and dinner! The grape leaves could have used more flavor. Still only 3 stars just for the simple fact that we were not allotted any time to actually enjoy our food before we were off to work. Would definitely order from here again and give it another chance!
2	The excellent waiter who used to wait on us, must have found a better serving job. Without him, the "service" was unbearable.The woman who took our order was much more interested in watching her reality television program with another girl. The TV was so disquieting that my daughter and I could not enjoy our time. Since it was completely inappropriate for a child, we sat on the same side of the booth with our backs to the TV.The mustachioed waitress treated us abruptly, sending us the message that she either hated her life, her job or us. She did not listen to the details of our order, she harshly plopped the plates on the table, never asked us how our food was and never refilled our beverages. She did however, sit 10 feet away from us, slumped expressionless, staring straight ahead at the TV.  My little daughter approached her with an empty cup for a refill and the woman didn't even acknowledge her presence until she was standing right next to her.   The food is not good enough to be worth parking the car, going in and seeing if that miserable woman is still working there. There are just too many other restaurants to try.
4	Went here as a first timer. The reviews are spot on. Food was good and man, a lot of it! Go hungry or be sure to take some home.  The service was fine, but I think they must have hired a new waitress or she got the message from Sophia F.'s comment. The waitress was all alone but managed about 20 guests well. Very friendly and accommodating. My wife and I will definitely return as we both want to try more stuff. My wife had the Gyro sandwich and I had the Gyro platter. Very good.
5	We stopped here by chance, and I was hoping for some good food. Instead, I would say that this restaurant was fantastic! The women wore head scarves which I took as a great sign (down home cooking) and I was not disappointed. We ordered the combo for 2 (a steal at 24.99). A huge green Salad and hummus with pita were brought first; both were delicious. Next was the plate with everything else; kibbeh, beef and chicken kifteh, beef and chicken kabob, chicken shawarma, falafel and grape leaves. It wAs all tender, flavorful, and absolutely delicious. I wish we had one on the Westside of town!!! Highly recommend this restaurant for a fresh and very delicious change.
5	So tasty and they are so nice! You get a lot of food for the money, highly recommend!
4	All around consistently good but I'm consistently ordering the gyros and chicken swarma. The meats are tender with lots of flavor. Portions are generous and could easily make two meals out of it(I should give it 5 stars for that)Don't miss out on the hummus it is heavenly!  They also have some juicing concoctions that I enjoy while I wait.
1	Food good.Soda/water warm (you gotta add ice)Restaurant dirty (you gotta clean the place...if the bathroom is dirty, I don't even what to know what the kitchen looks like)Clean the place and it might be a 3 to a 4.
4	I have traveled to the middle east and I have had many dishes in places as such as Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, UAE etc.. and I found these people have it spot on. The food was fantastic! I give this place 4 stars on the food alone. The service was nice, The owner was very cordial, and the waitstaff were attentive. The food took time to get to the table. The crowd of muslims with the screaming, unruly children made it almost unbearable to have dinner. Our food was warm, the people that came in after us got thiers befor us and I was figuring our food would take a bit longer. Service was ok, the cleanliness was subpar. I want to really, really like this place. I guess with time and effort, this will be one of the best middle eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the east valley. I love the food. that is all folks.
4	The food here is exceptionally good.  We usually go for a combo platter although this last time I got the chicken gallaya.  Large portions at a reasonable price.  We always seem to have leftovers for lunch the next day.  Make sure to bring extra mints because you will smell like vampire repellent from all the garlic :)  The decor is lacking to say the least...
5	This place has the best hummus! My favorite item on the menu is the Grape Leaves and their rice is awesome. We love everything we've had so far. The owner when there has always come over to say hello and ask how everything is.
4	Been coming here for a few years. Food is absolutely spot on. Delicious authentic Mediterranean at its finest. The service can be a little spotty at times, but that's not a huge deal to me. As long as the food is A+ but I know not everyone is like that.
4	This review is limited because I've only had takeout. However, I have had a lot of takeout from here because it is so close to home and so good. My favorites are the pita sandwiches (they are all good), the hummus, and the lemon garlic chicken. My only complaint is the way they package the takeout. There's not anything wrong with it per se, but if they invested in something a little better than foil paper and styrofoam, it would go a long way in improving the take out experience.
4	The food was very good and the portions were generous.  We got the meal for two and took food home.  The hummus was delish..  Prices were very reasonable as well.  The restaurant had a McDonalds feel though, it would have been perfect if it had the middle eastern Persian decorations.  Gumball machines right in the center of the restaurant was a bit tacky too.  I think if I ate there again, it would be take out.
4	Best authentic Mediterranean food around. Always have good service, large portions, decent prices and the food is amazing. Recommend grape leaves, hummus, gyros, and fatoosh. They do need to clean up the place as the building needs to be renovated and updated with decor with a good scrubbing, but don't let this fool you in how amazing the food is.
5	From start to finish every bite was delicious highly recommend the flaming kabob combo platter , the owners prepared and serve the food something rare nowadays service was spot on as well
3	Food was served within in 20 Minutes of order which shows good service, but the food i feel was bit under cooked and kabob were cool from inside.Will go again to try some thing else :)
