4	I drive all the way across town, from Arcadia to Tempe for Restaurant Mexico's green corn tamales. Alright, it's only a 15 minute drive, but I'll tell ya, I'm drooling the whole way. Rumor has it that "the man" is going to tear down the whole block to build a high rise, I hope and pray that Restaurant Mexico relocates to the empty ice cream joint over on 38th street and Indian School so I can just walk across the street for its yummy awesomeness. I had to take away one star because the salsa is inconsistant, when it's good, it's awesome but when it's not it resembles watery soup.
3	I had breakfast for lunch here, and it was heaven-sent.  It was one of those days - when anything else just won't do.I did the machaca scramble (basically a shredded beef scramble with bell peppers and tomatoes) with rice and frijoles and was very pleased.  The best part of this dish were the homemade tortillas -  I couldn't just have one (Lays eat your heart out, mofos). While it was good, I've definitely had better.  A good choice if you're moseying on Mill.  It's location now is very hidden - but it's right next to Ra, and once I tell someone that, they know exactly where it is.
4	I eat lunch here sometimes.  The chips are always a little on the burned side and need tons of salt.  I've learned from experience that this just goes better with the salsa there.  Besides, these chips are real.  Not some gigantic bag of factory chips laying on some heating tray in the back.  They killed those tortillas this morning, in boiling oil.  Seriously, the first bite not capture your imagination but you'll slowly find yourself wondering why you can't stop eating them.They have daily specials, my favorite of which is the chicken mole which is Thursdays I believe.  I'm also a sucker for Friday's chille relleno.  If I'm there on some other less glorious day, I'll opt for the cheese enchilada plate or the Clare burro.  Try the ice tea.  It's got cinnamon in it and it doesn't taste a thing like Lipton's.
5	This is one of my all-time favorite places to eat in Phoenix Metro.  The atmosphere is casual, the crowd diverse, and the food is cheap, good and one-of-a-kind.Try their Monday night special (a pumpkin sauce?!).  If you don't want chicken, get the sauce on the Clare Enchilada (my favorite), mmm mmm.
5	yep...restaurant mexico is back on mill avenue...been here for about twenty years, maybe thirty...it's authentic but not sonoran (that is what you usually eat when you eat mexican food), super fast, locally owned and just remarkably good...not your standard overly fried (though sometimes that is tasty) americanized mexican food...white cheese, not yellow, super fresh, lovely salsa, guacamole to write home about....RM is my fave....and their new location is their best yet....try the clare burro......delish
3	I came here for lunch. The service was good, everyone was nice. I LOVE mexican food, and this meal was just ok, maybe I ordered wrong! I've had better, but I have had a lot of Mexican food...
4	My mother can't live without the soup-style beans, and she's right. I get the Clare burro, which has queso fresco, whole pinto beans, and avocado. I also usually get some guacamole, which is very chunky here, and add a bit of salt to eat with the chips. It's a family place for me, I don't ever really like it as much when I try to take other people, and this is the second move I can remember. My folks are sticking by this one, and I am happy to tag along!
5	I LOOOOOOVE RESTAURANT MEXICO!!!  I grew up in Tempe and have been going to Restaurant Mexico for as long as I can remember, at all of its various locations over the years.  It is, without question, my favorite restaurant in Arizona, and the best Mexican food out there.The wait staff is so nice and has worked there forever.  The food comes out super fast and is always hot.  And most importantly - DELICIOUS.  Their enchiladas are amazing - with queso fresco (not gross yellow cheese) and green tomatillo sauce... oh man.  So good.Now that they're back on Mill, the location is great.  I can't recommend this place enough.   Go, you won't regret it!!!
5	I love Restaurant Mexico! They have the best beans in the world!
4	Comfortably, friendly, inexpensive, delicious, welcoming, spicy, filling, clean, homey, loving, cute, fresh, fast, institution, reliable, familiar, guacamole, beans, sopas, salsa, and flan.I love this place!
4	I give this place 4.25 for being extremely cheap yet amazingly delicious!This is not your normal Taco Bell, Filiberto kind of Mexican food. According to my friend (who's actually from Mexico), this restaurant offers "Mexico city food.... southern Mexican food"My fav is #4. It's small but enough to fill you up for lunch. Their spicy, juicy shredded beef in the flour tortilla is to DIE FOR! And their beans and rice are definitely the best in Tempe!One of the best place for food on Mill.
5	I love places like Restaurant Mexico!First of all, the food is amazing!  they have a lighter hand when it comes to the use of flavor conducting fats, not greasy at all!I have eaten here twice now and it's always great!  the portions are actually people sized not gorilla or elephant size.  You leave feeling full and satisfied without the guilt of gluttony.I ordered a carne asada taco dinner which was just what I wanted.  It hit the spot.  The tortillas were grilled and had a good toast on them but still soft and chewy.  The carne asada was well seasoned without masking the taste of beef.  The beans were excellent as well as the rice.  I love the horchata but I could have it less sweet.The second time, i just had the carne asada dinner!  If you are hungry for beef but not need a full on 8 oz of meat...this is the meal!My rec is to go and enjoy your favorite Mexican meal!
5	Inside tip- ask for a "Claire Enchilada"- beans and avocado for a refreshing and one-of-a kind flavor.  The crumbled cheese is a fresher, healthier, and more flavor full way to prepare Mexican food- I will forever prefer this cheese over the gooey, slimy, fatty stuff used by other Mexican places.  For desert, be sure to request them to set aside a flan for you (otherwise they tend to run out on busier nights).  It is a secret family recipe that the woman who makes it for them refuses to ever divulge.  Again, this is unlike any flan you've ever experienced before.  Happy eating!Warmly,Kirin :)
4	After seeing Restaurant Mexico voted as the "Best Neighborhood Mexican Restaurant in Tempe" in the New Times: Best of Phoenix, I decided to give it a try. I ordered tomatillo chicken enchiladas, with rice and beans, and a side order of flour tortillas. The entire meal was scrumptious. Immediately after receiving the flour tortillas, which smelled so fresh, I knew I was in for a treat. Apparently they purchase the tortillas from an undisclosed location in South Phoenix, and they were top notch. Next we move on to the beans; they were smooth and thin, with just the right amount of salt. The rice was moist and had a great flavor. Lastly, the chicken enchiladas are sure to excite the taste buds with a spicy tomatillo sauce. Not only is the food delicious, but it is cheap too! Most entrees are $10 or less, which is shocking considering it is on Mill Ave. My expectations were surely surpassed, and I left Restaurant Mexico a fat and happy man.
5	It is amazing how often this restaurant has had to move because of development in Downtown Tempe, but I think they've found a place to stay.   It has everything you look for in a great restaurant; great food, great staff and great value.  Their daily specials in particular are a great way to have a good meal for very little money.
3	This place I totally forgot about. A friend use to take me here years ago and I forgot how good it was. The chips and salsa are ok, but not the best. This is not gourmet/fancy mexican but it is good and VERY affordable. The tostadas are great and the chimichangas are good also. If you are looking for some cheap good mexican, for sure check this place out.
1	This place stinks. I only wish I could give zero stars for my rating. Here is some advice go around back and pick the scraps out of the dumpster and save yourself having to pay for the garbage they pass off as food there. My buddy took me here and raved how great the food was......he is a liar. I wont even talk to him anymore after my experience at restaurant mexico. The food was bad, the service was worse, the best part about eating there was leaving.
2	I went there with my fiancee and we went in as hungry patrons and came out satisfied.  The odor when you go in is not pleasing and the set up feels odd.  The first round of chips were complimentary and the salsa was hot but good.  We ordered sodas and found out that only one extra refill is free which is not good when you're eating some spicy salsa.  The food was okay, not great.  We had a chicken chimichanga, flautas, and Spanish rice.  The chimi was hot and really crispy and the guac and sour cream on the side were good. The Spanish rice was very light and fluffy.  The fiancee wasn't overly impressed with the flautas and that is coming from a flauta/taquito expert.  The bathrooms were about on par with all the bathrooms I've used on Mill Ave, which means you don't want to spend much time in there.  All in all, if you really want Mexican on Mill and you want more than Del Mar burritos or quasi-Mexican Z Tejas, hit it up, but I'd rather walk an extra few blocks and go to Macayo's Depot Cantina.
1	This has been the very first time Yelp has failed me. There is no reason this restaurant merits anywhere close to a four star average. I seem to think that people around here wouldn't know good mexican if it hit them (bit them?). I tried it after it first reopened at its current Mill Ave location and the food was horrible. Very bland and kind of cold. I have since stayed away, but after reading some very good reviews here on Yelp I decided to go back. I had the enchilada, taco, beans and rice combo (pretty much your most basic mexican dish). The beans were more like beany water. The rice was beyond bland. The enchilada was like eating cardboard wrapped around cardboard flavored cheese. The taco was the best part with some sort of flavorful beef. The chips were alright but the salsa tasted like cayanne pepper & water. This place is just another disappointing restaurant on Mill Ave. The area must be cursed.
1	"I give it four thumbs down."This place is an enigma to me.  For some reason, people rave about this joint.I've been here twice and felt like I was being shafted when I ended up paying money for the garbage they served me.At first glance the place looks promising, sporting your basic mexican menu with all the classic combinations.  However, upon ordering an enchilada, flauta, or taco, this joint nose dives.  Bland is the best way to describe this place.  The salsa is laughable, and the "hot" salsa isn't even one alarm.  They don't offer a real bar or much beer, so try their "margarita" thing for a huge disappointment.  I can't understand why this place hasn't gone belly up, but I guess that's why I can't understand folks promoting the joint either.  Fili B's is better than this, no lies!Anyone giving this place 5 stars should be grounded from yelp for a month because there is no way that this place deserves it.
5	This place has the best beans in town. Their bean burritos are all winners. Try their clare burro. Their salsa is hot and delicious. I will drive here from Tucson for their good homestyle mexican food.
5	If you want the usual Mexican fare with lots of lard and cheddar cheese, don't go here. Si Senors delivers that style wonderfully (which I would also give 5 stars!)Restaurant Mexico delivers a lighter version that is incredibly tasty. I like their simple green enchilada plate. A light tasty green sauce. A light white cheese. The refried beans are great - not the whipped variety that you find at other places. Their chips and salsa are ... just ... different and good.You go away not with a bloated feeling, but with the taste sensation still lingering on your palate. I have been going to Restaurant Mexico off and on for 30 years - at their first place on Mill, then off of Mill, and now back on Mill. I hope they are around for 30 more.Thankfully they have preserved the recipe for all of these years!
1	let me set the scene for why i did NOT enjoy eating here.  up on mill ave for a nursing class on the weekend...with about 8 other girls...walked in after wandering aimlessly for the first 15 minutes of our 1 hour lunch break cuz we are all indecisive bitches...enter restaurant mexico.we sat ourselves in the corner booth and almost walked right back out when we saw the sign that said "no split checks"...we prolly should have right then and there.  after being reassured that we would be able to pay separately, we decided to stay...then came the chips und salsa.  three chips in, i got a hair, A HAIR, in a chip.  ugh...way to start on the wrong goddamn foot.  took forever for our drinks to get there, food wasn't expensive, and was semi-tasty...i got the chicken taco & rice, it was good...except the BONE i got in my taco.  i was so super done with this place by the time we were ready to leave...but then we had to tackle the issue of trying to pay our ONE check w/ 9 cards...UGH.overall, place wasn't half bad, it just got on my bad side with the hair/bone/check issues.  nothing worth writing home about and i would rather have wandered around longer...big, fat PASS on this one in the future.
5	I haven't had Mexican food this good in L.A.  Don't expect standard Mexican food drowned in gooey cheese-they use a different type of cheese that crumbles on the top.  I had been going there since they opened up in 1978, and whenever I am in Tempe I have to go there.  Their green enchiladas with tomatillo sauce are addictive and very spicy!  And their beans- heavenly!
4	Wow, not such friendly reviews.  Maybe I can help.  It's true, the mexican food you receive here is not what many are used to in that its not as spicy and the menu is limited.  However, if you want to try the REAL mexican food instead of the Americanized, "cookie cutter" versions that surround the rest of the town, Restaurant Mexico is the ticket!  It's a mom and pop joint with friendly service and wonderful hospitality.  True, the restaurant is lacking in decor, but it is clean and gives it a small town restaurant feel.  The food is on the lighter side and doesnt leave you feeling bloated when you leave which is great in the hot Phoenix sun!  I recommend the cheese enchilada combo with the green sauce...delicious!  The cheese is light and the texture is wonderful.  It's the first time when eating an enchilada that I actually slowed down and savored every bite!  Yummy!
1	AWFUL.  Not sure it classifies as food.  Burrito consists of a flour tortilla and meat.  No salsa, beans, cheese, sour cream, guacamole.  Nada.  Plus they won't let you add anything to it.  Everything is as is.  The cheese enchalada had cheese but it was not gooey and melted.  The food was barely luke warm.   Service is also mediocre.  The salsa was gross.  It was super water down.  The best part of the meal was my Pepsi.
2	Overall, I was not impressed. The chips were stale and flavorless, the salsa was not chunky, and my meal was so...lackluster. I ordered the Flautas Plate...which consisted of two, what seemed like microwaved, chicken flautas, rice, beans and some guacamole. The flautas were more like taquitos that you buy in the freezer section, the rice was good and was really the only thing I enjoyed, the beans were standard re-fried and the guacamole was quite bland. The other three people I was with all ordered burritos and really enjoyed their meal...so I'm thinking the flautas are not the shining star at Restaurant Mexico.
4	Don't know how I missed this place for so long. I've worked on Mill Ave for over 3 years and never made it to this restuarant and I have to say that now that I have I will probably be there more often. I had chicken enchilladas with a side of rice and really enjoyed it. Perfect balance of spice (in my opinion) and flavor. It wasn't overpriced either which makes it a great lunch spot.
1	Awful. Just awful. I could have dealt with the grainy queso fresco. I could have overlooked the undercooked corn tortillas. I was even partially amused by the eccentric (AKA somewhat rude) service. But when my girlfriend ordered the enchiladas with red sauce, it literally had NO TASTE. How is that even possible?  It just tasted like...well...red. My only working theory is that there are some five pound boxes of cayenne and paprika that have been sitting around on a shelf since 1973 and have completely evaporated any and all volatile flavor ingredients.And to top it all off, the chorizo and the picadillo tasted exactly like Taco Bell beef. BOTH of them.Never, never again.
1	I honestly cannot comprehend why anyone likes this place. The tiny bowl of chips they give you are almost as insulting as the tomato puree they call salsa. Perhaps Sonoran stands for bland? That is the only way I can describe any item on the menu. Tasteless. They keep moving locations and I keep forgetting I don't like the food no matter where they put the restaurant.Took my 80 year old grannie and she vowed never to return.
4	It has been several years since I have visited Restaurant Mexico on Mill Ave.  The service was quick on a busy lunch time on a Thursday.The food was good, I had a shredded beef taco and beans.  I love the crispy fried taco.  A few other reviews mentioned the chips are cold, they still are but, they are nice and crispy.
4	What can I say, I love these beans. They are as close to nana's as it gets!Friday's CHILE RELLENOS ARE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD. CLARE BURRITO & GREEN CHILE ENCHILADAS are also great. Expect Queso Ranchero and serrano chile flavors. Family favorite.
4	Everything here is relatively tasty.  Nothing we have tried has been bland, with one exception:That dang watery salsa that comes with the complimentary chips.The salsa has a decent taste, what little taste it has; nothing bad can be said about the taste. But the consistency is just awful.  Completely chunkless.  And fairly bland.Service is super fast.  No, really, I mean ULTRA FAST.  You'll get your food generally in under 5 minutes, unless it's a steak which has to be cooked for a while to get done.This place would get 5 stars easy if they improved the salsa.  I take my teens here a lot.
3	In giving Restaurant Mexico 3 stars I wish I could change the rating of A-OK to Eh-OK. It's not bad, it's not great, it's just Eh ( insert shrug here) OK.Went there today with some co-workers. I've been before and realized I have not written a review. Probably because it's a bit forgettable. I got the shredded beef tacos with rice and beans. My favorite tacos are from Los Olivos so I use those as a gauge when ordering tacos. These do not even come close to Los Olivos. They were okay. Decent amount of beef but they were kinda hard to bite through. The whole lot of beef would come out when I took a bite. This made me look like a slob in front of my boss. Awesome.The rice and beans are also okay, nothing special. The beans are kinda watery. But to me the biggest disappointment is their chips. Chips and salsa can make or break a place and their chips just don't do it for me. They're really bland and kinda thick. But maybe it's good for my waistline because then I eat less overall. Trying to look at the positive :)If you're in the area and craving Mexican head up Scottsdale Road to nearby La Fonda instead. They have pretty much the same stuff but better.
4	I haven't been to this place in about 5 years or so, last time I was here was when their location was over on university.  They got moved out by Tempe selling that location to build a high-rise condo thing that failed and now that location sits as an empty lot (except for one building)Anyways.... went here for a lunch meeting suggestion.  Place was pretty busy, we didn't have to wait to get a table but it looked packed all the way back at lunch time on a friday.  Good deco. Clean. Very busy mill ave vibe. Lots biz lunch meetings going on and yet it remained a good volume in there to have a meeting and hear everything fine still.Ordered food and got it out on the table fast.... no I mean like FAAAAST!  I didn't time it but it couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes MAX.  Like FAST.  Okay you get it I know.  Service was very friendly as well.Hard to explain but the food was light... most mexican food you walk out feeling like you have a bowling ball in your gut... Not here... It didn't seem greasy like most places and everything up to the tomatoes were very fresh and crisp.  They used Asadero cheese on top, which is super good, not many places use it anymore.  Not the Gringo cheese you get like at macayos or anything.  The rice was really good and flavorful too.To view the flip side of this review... I wasn't a big fan of the chips and salsa. Chips seemed semi-fresh but really thick, I like a lighter tortilla.  The salsa was just a red sauce.... tomato sauce with some heat... no chunks...  It seems to go with the "light" theme I mentioned earlier but I ended up not eating much of it at all - just wasn't my thing.  I like fresh tomatillos onion etc etc....If we could do half reviews this would be a 3.5.  I gave them the shove to 4 because Restaurant Mexico is kind of a downtown Tempe staple - they've been around a long time and that's gotta count for something in this town.
1	This place was absolutely disgusting. I read the reviews thinking it might be worth checking out.  The chicken in my chimichanga was very fatty and had very little flavor. My wife's enchiladas were also disgusting they had some weird cheese that looked and tasted like shredded string cheese. The salsa wasn't too bad but the chips were hard and cold. There was only one waitress for the entire restaurant which was very disappointing because we had to wait for a good amount of time to order our food and to get our check.Overall, I will never ever go back or recommended it to anyone. We only ate several bites of our food and had to go somewhere else because the food was too disgusting to eat.
2	Went there on a Thursday with my family from out of town. Wanted to show them a good Mexican restaurant and was completely disappointed. We walked in and waited for a table for about 10 minutes. That's not so bad normally except that the restaurant was nearly empty. Got seated and the chips were stale and cold, salsa was watery and bland. Went to use the restroom and they were out of toilet paper. Luckily I noticed before I sat down. Got out and told our waitress, waited 6-7 minutes for tp to get stocked. Ordered the beef and chicken floutas, they were tasteless and had very little flavor. The meal also came with the usual rice and beans as well as a little pile of guacamole. I found a hair in the guacamole.When I confronted I waitress about it she was very kind and apologetic then went to show her manager the hair. I overhead their conversation and the manager saying "Another one?" They came over apologized and took the meal off of the bill.So overall my experience with RM was one star. However considering the fact that my family was satisfied with the their meals and had no problems along with the courtesy of the staff, earned them one more star. Would I recommend this place to anyone? No.
1	This place doesn't deserve a star. It deserves a chupacabra to come and destroy the place. my order came out cold. the cheese enchiladas had a dark red sauce that looked like deer blood & tasted like dirt. The cheese inside wasn't gooey hot cheese but instead little bits of minced white cheese that had the texture & color of tofu. I'm not even sure if it actually was cheese? Low grade dog food would've tasted better than the chips, and the salsa tasted like bum piss.
4	It's been several years since I ate at Restaurant Mexico and decided to try it again and very glad I did. This place serves up some very tasty tostadas and tacos and not drowned in cheddar grease cheese like those so called chain restaurants. The decor is very inviting and the service was excellent. Cody the Norwegian Latino is an awesome server with the right attitude!
2	Service on Saturday for lunch was quite good. Cheese and chicken enchiladas were pretty good, but the guacamole was very disappointing - really lacking in flavor.  It was an economical lunch, however.
4	Authentic Mexican food in the heart of bustling downtown Tempe. Service was good and they gave us more chips when we asked for them (sign said only one per table.) Try the chimichanga if you're into the that- mix it up & don't feel you have to rely on the meals to construct a tasty plate.
5	This is truly the best Mexican food I have ever had, and living in AZ, that's saying a lot. I was introduced by my friend who's family has been going there at least once a week for years. Once you get to know those who work there, you realize they're not rude like people say - they're friendly faces. As for the people who prefer the cheap orange Mexican blend cheese you find in overpriced chains, they really don't deserve to review this restaurant - queso fresco is the way to go!
3	First time in Tempe. Thought we'd try some Mexican. Located in downtown Tempe surrounded by a ton of other restaurants. It was fairly easy to find, but the nearest parking lot charged $5.Food: The green enchiladas were pretty good. We liked that they weren't soaked in sauce and that the tortilla still had some texture. We also tried the Clare enchilida, which was recommend. It's a nice vegetarian alternative, but nothing too special. The meat burro was a good size but way too greasy. The beans and rice were pretty good as well but what was weird was that you had to choose either rice OR beans if you ordered the combo plates, not both. Service: Service was fair. We were seated fairly quick considering the place was pretty busy, and we sat outside in the patio cause the weather was nice. The food was brought out in a timely manner, and was hot so that was good. The waitress was kind and it was nice that she left a pitcher of water for us, so that we didn't have to bother her for refills. Conclusion: The food was fair, but the portions we're too small for the buck. GrooveSession will not be returning. Hopefully we could find a Mexican restaurant in Tempe comparable to the ones we have back home.
5	I've listed the Meat and Bean burro enchilada style as my last meal on earth.  What you order here is the key to your happiness.  I recommend the clare burro, the enchiladas and the taco's.   The margs are pretty much a bad tequila and off the shelf mixer, but will do if you want them.  I don't ever have the service problems that others have mentioned.  I go here every time i'm in town.  I wish I could get there more often.
4	Simple nice restaurant. This is a family owned restaurant and the staff is very friendly and they remember me every time I come in. Their daily special is always a good deal. This is by far one of the most authentic Mexican food restaurants I have found in the valley. Very casual atmosphere. Don't expect margaritas and tequila shots here. This is a true restaurant.
3	This is a cute little family restaurant located right in the middle of the downtown mill ave strip.  There food isn't the best I've had, but isn't bad either.  If you are on Mill and want sitdown Mexican food then come here I guess...  Might go again sometime but I am in no hurry.
1	I think this video sums up my opinion of this restaurant.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df0BXSnBr1Q&feature=related
4	So much to like here.  I know it's a favorite of locals, and college students.  They've got great retried beans. Good enchiladas, although a tad small, they- gasp! - used the right cheese! Woah. But the shredded beef Taco? I wound up doubling down on that bad boy, ordering another. Yes, I pigged out, and I was a very happy pig!Tips- I'm more of a Calfornia (Sonora style) Mexican food guy- for the purist, this is more of a Jalisco style food found in, say, Mexico City and Guadalajara.  I forgot this, and got green sauce on my enchiladas. That was ok, but I was looking forward to the red sauce.  I assure you that I'll be back to try those too. All's ya gotta do is ask. One shout out to the big guy that waited on me. His Spanish is great, but his service is spectacular. It's been months if not years since I've been waited on this well.  What an upbeat guy.  He makes it worth going. Tip well!
2	The salsa they hand you with the chips tastes like, I don't know, Agent Orange?  It doesn't taste good.  My tostada was swimming in a pool of grease.  My enchilada was decent.  The taco I had gave off an aftertaste that was remarkably similar to a fart.  It had a crunchy shell that can cut up your gums.Goddamn, everyone who works here is so nice.  I feel bad giving it two stars but the food was really, honestly, not very good.  I am not a picky eater, really.  I am easy to please.  If I tell you a place has lousy food, then man, you are gonna shit your pants.
1	The food here is godawful. Everyone I know that has been here had said it was bad. I wanted to see for myself. I can confirm it is terrible. I have a feeling that the only reason they're open is because they sell liquor
2	Really bad Mexican food. I give it 2 stars only because of the cheap price. Tacos were awful. Coming from San Diego this food was really bad. Avoid.
5	I love this place. The enchiladas in green tomatillo are superb, the tomatillo is more sour and spicy (which I love), but using the cheese they do balances out the flavors. They have great beans and rice. But, my personal favorite has to be huevos rancheros. I have a hard time ordering anything else. I visited Restaurant Mexico the night before last with a friend who was craving Mexico City style. We were fully satisfied. What we didn't realize is that we came in just before closing. But, we didn't feel rushed at all. In fact, they refilled our bowl of chips and salsa when the food came out. I've lived in Mexico City and the flavors here are the closest I've found in Phoenix to the food I would eat there. This in mind, the sauces accent the flavors of the chiles and tomatoes more simply and without sugar. Sour and bitter flavors can be part of the overall allure of these type of sauces, hence the "watery" salsa that comes out with the chips. It is a simple tomato and chile salsa without frills, but that is the style.  The only complaint I have is the enchiladas are a traditional small size. That said, I could probably eat a platter full.
2	It's very different than the usual Mexican restaurant. This is Jalisco style. Not Mexican American. Authentic. Portions are small and no melted cheese on the nacos or most dishes but Athentic crumbled mexican style white chees very mild flavored.  It was okay not bad but I don't forsee myself jonesing to return.  Margarita was a bit high and I don't think they use Tequilia and I didn't see a bar. I think they may use white wine, which isn't unheard of in small family owned places in Mexico.
5	Popped in on a Saturday night to be treated to a ridiculously nice waitress and delicious Mexican food! The service was super friendly, our food came out quickly, and we ate every bite (and a couple bowls of chips - fantastic salsa, and a bit spicy).I had an enchilada and rice and both were bomb. Again, just the right amount of spicy. The chimichangas are huge and delicious as well.Overall, we had great service, yummy food, and didn't spend a lot. Definitely would like to try a margarita next time, though!
4	Restaurant Mexico was a place recommended to me long ago by people familiar with AZ food when I was first coming to town. I have been there many times. The food has a great home kitchen flavor and is on the more authentic side than most Mexican food found in the US. The service has been hit or miss on my visits, but is generally okay. The food prices are very low. It is easy to fill up on great tasting food without spending more than $5-10 per person. Chips and salsa come free at the start of the meal and are pretty good. My favorite item is the chorizo. I recommend getting it on tostadas or just as a side bowl with a few tortillas to fold on your own.
2	I heard really great things about this place and I was willing to overlook the fact that it took them 10 minutes to seat me (a party of two!) when there were about 5 empty tables...except that the food just was not very good.  I went on a friday when they have the "amazing" chile relleno for their special of the day, and I love a good chile relleno, so I ordered that.  Wow, was I disappointed.  There was pretty much just a solid mass of cheese inside, it wasn't melted or even warm!  The batter was greasy and the sauce was more of a tomatillo sauce.  I give them two stars instead of one because the beans and rice were good.  Even the chips and salsa were just meh.  My dining companion had a chimichanga that just had meat in it, and he said it was pretty boring.  The only good thing about going here is that it's right next door to Paletas Betty, which is always delicious!
4	I should only order enchiladas @ Carolina's, I guess, because I am always disappointed when I order them anywhere else.  One star for excellent service, one star for awesome beans, one star for serving Pepsi, and one star for plentiful bike racks along Mill Ave.  Found the popular American music an odd choice...Stevie Nicks is not what I expect to hear while I'm noshing on chips and salsa.  The chips and salsa are complimentary.  And the salsa has a slight bite and is very flavorful.
5	Watch out you Gringos! It's The Real Deal! I've been going to Restaurant Mexico for over 20 years. Raised in Arizona, I've had my share of Mexican food all over the southwest and Mexico. This is authentic food that is fresh and home made! The queso is delicious especially in the cheese enchiladas with green sauce (I crave them!). The cold guacamole salad is perfect on a hot summer day. Since I've had nearly everything on the menu, I won't go on and on, but try any of the dishes and see for yourself. Don't expect your average Mexican food though. This is *not* the bland, grease-ridden American-Mexican food you find as a default all over the US. Nice choices, great service so, go try the real deal already! :) (PS: If you are expecting the average Mexican food you always eat around town, then you may not be happy with the real deal. Expand your mind and stomach!)
4	My boyfriend and his family personally know the people who run this place and have been regulars here for years. Given that I am half Mexican (raised on Tex Mex and Sonoran Mexican food), I tend to be more on the picky side when it comes to branching out and trying different regions of Mexican food. So my first time here I was a little on edge... it's definitely a different style than what I'm used to.This is not your generic Mexican food (Carols O'Brien's, Macayos, Chevy's, Manuel's), this is authentic. If you're used to spice and flavor complexity, this is a milder, more bland (not in a bad way) Mexican joint. They use more green sauces as opposed to red, and queso fresco (white, crubmly, look it up) as opposed to cheddar or American. For those who can't handle a lot of spicy - this is probably the place for you.While it's not what I'm used to I really enjoy their food. The waiters really make you feel at home. It's a great place for a family dinner with options on the menu for everyone.
4	Most Mexican food snobs or "foodies" would spew guacamole out of their nostrils at the mere mention of ground beef tacos BUT at Restaurant Mexico since the '70's this is what I order like 4 out of 5 times (80% . You didn't know there'd be math on this quiz, did you? Well DIDJA?!).     The Taco Duros with the picadillo aforementioned ground beef with teeny-tiny bits a taters, topped with lettuce, sauce and queso blanco in the fried tortilla is the best ground-beef taco going.  And the only gb taco I eat.     The mole also is well above-average, as are the bean & guacamole enchiladas. Never had a sub-standard enchilada here; always tasty.  Decent chimichangas, and a good change from the usual is getting the chimi topped with the radioactive-colored red sauce.  Not spicy, just visually roja-radioactivio.  Harquahala.  IF ya know what I mean.     The Salsa - not as red red as most, not very spicy, but tasty and worthwhile.     On Mill in the midst of a busy buncha stuff, good neighborhood atmo.     Later.
5	I have been coming to restaurant Mexico since I was a little kid. The staff is AMAZING it is family own and run and the same people have been working there for years. They are friendly and very accommodating. The food is authentic mexican food and delicious! The salsa is pretty spicy gives you a nice little kick. Since I moved away from AZ  every time I come back into town I ALWAYS make sure I go to restaurant Mexico before I leave! AND they even have toys (little action figures and small toys)for kids to play with while they are at the dinner table !!
5	This place is a Tempe landmark. I've been eating there for years and the food is fresh, delicious and healthy. The enchiladas are outstanding as is the guacamole. The green sauce is addicting. The place isn't fancy but the food trumps everything here.
1	Wow this place was steps below horrible. I should have known better considering the place was empty on ASU game night. The food was greasy, and flavorless. Everything on the plate was flat... Ya I said it.... Flat. Bland, disappointing food. Save your money and eat at taco bell. You will thank me later.
1	I can't believe this place has 3.5 stars. What a disappointment! The food was bland and cold, the service was ok but my husband and I will certainly never return. Terrible
5	I've been coming here since the 70's when it was across the street and had a screen door. I know the staff and the daily specials by heart.  When I lived away from PHX it was the place I wished for. When I go to NYC I have to take RM food to my friends. The whole family agrees. I don't understand the negative reviews. The reviewers must have had a bad day. I love the food and so has everyone  I know.
5	Straight up, son, we eat here like EVERY WEEK!   The chorizo tostada is on POINT!   The number 5 combo is my favorite it comes with the aforementioned chorizo tostada, a taco, and a bomb enchilada.  Get the green sauce on your enchilada, my ninja.  The cinnamon iced tea is the boom shpoof and i drink like 4 of them mugs before I leave.  Take your posse over and visit with the ultra friendly staff!
4	Really like the green tomatillo chicken enchilladas, service is fast and friendly.
5	Mexico authentico! This is a real mexican restaurant. No gringo bullshit with sombrero statues and pictures of texan missions. Just plain old excellent mexican food. They don't drown your food in salsa, because the food is good. You could certainly put the salsa on your food, it doesn't belong there though...it belongs on your chips! Which they make there.The Clare Burro is phenomenal, I have also had the chimichanga and enchiladas, but return for the Clare most often. Its got whole beans! So good...Not only that, but Restaurant Mexico has been in business for over 25 years, has survived numerous losses of physical building location, something that has killed so many other businesses. Impressive, because of its impressive food!
4	This is one of the best Mexican food's I have ever eaten, I aint no expert on Mexican food especially since I dont eat no meat, but I do droll over Mexican food and like I told someone who asked me what my most fav food in America was and I said, Mexcian (ironically, get it?). Anyway this place has great food, the alcohol is cheap as well. Get the bucket of coronas. They make their own homemade salsa everyday and oh their beans r excellento! It would have been 5/5 if not for the ambiance, which just to be sure is good, but nothing out of the box. It gives a authentic mexican feel though. The staff are friendly and will make you want to come back for sure again.
3	Suavemente, BesameYo quiero Restaurant Mexicobesandorne otra vezSuave, besame besameSuave, Yo quiero Restaurant MexicoSauve, Okay-O I don't know SpanishSauve, but I really like this songBesame indeed, man I was totally hungry walking into Restaurant Mexico!  This little shop down on Mill Ave.  After a few drinks or two.  This place hit the spot.  I can't say it was the best I ever had.  However, the service was really good.  I ordered the basic taco meal with beans and rice.  Like most Mexican restaurants they offer free chips and salsa.  Salsa was good and the chips seem pretty solid in a good way.  My taco entree came quick right after I order leading me to think of it like cafeteria food.  I guess it was so quick I had in mind some lady slopping it onto my plate while smoking a cigarette.  I'm sure that's not the case.Moreover, my tacos were good.  Nice shredded beef in a deep fried taco shell.  My favorites were the rice because they were a tad bit different from what I was used to.  Mexican rice is generally pretty bland, but here it was nice soft and sweet.  One of the best I've had I must add!  Overall, experience at the Restaurant Mexico is good.  It's right in the heart of college town so my surprise was the pricing.  I guess when I went to college long long long time ago food was much cheaper!  Wow kids are rich these days! - Enjoy!
4	My friends and I went in because they were next to a shop on Mill, to our delight, it was Really good!  Some of us are vegetarian and they had quite a selection. The Clara burro and beans were awesome. For the non vegetarians in the group they loved the special chicken Mole, and great flan for desert. Although my friend got the last flan, apparently it goes fast, it would be a bummer if they were out and you came for it. Our waitress Sherry was really nice! Not fancy atmosphere for an impressive date, but very clean.  And they serve Beer. Will try to make this a future stop again.
3	Endless bowl of chips and salsa; too bad the chips were not warm though. We had an early dinner there and just after we seated ourselves, three more parties came in and two of the parties were greeted by name and one of them mentioned that they had coming there for over 20 years while the one of the other parties said they have been going there for years and years. Food was yummy, I should have asked for beans, they were especially good!!! I used the ladies room before leaving and have to say that they have one of cleaniest restrooms around!!!
2	Guacamole is bland, needed lots of salt and salsa isn't very good. I wasn't very impressed with this mexican establishment off the main drag. We were looking for some good chips and salsa with guac but were dissapointed. The food wasn't all that good either. Yelp failed me on this one.
1	My friend and I ate here on a whim earlier this summer because we were craving Mexican food and it looked nice and authentic. It was quite possibly the worst Mexican food either of us had ever had. There was a ton of people finishing up eating because they had just come from a softball game or something. My friend and I ordered the flautas combo meal, both which came with guacamole. It came out right away, but it was stone cold. Like it had been sitting there, maybe they were anticipating someone from the game would order the flautas meal but no one ever did, and they gave it to us instead? The outside was stale, the meat inside (shredded chicken and beef) was soo dry, tasteless, and crunchy (yes, crunchy from being left out for so long). Also, neither of our meals had guacamole on the plate even though it was supposed to come with it. So the waitress gave us $1 off each meal instead of bringing out some guacamole.:( The beans were so watery, it seemed like they were running out because so many people were in before we came in so they added water to them. Like we definitely could have used a straw to drink the beans. $22 later we hardly tasted our meals and had to leave because we could not physically make ourselves eat the food. We maybe just had a bad experience because we were coming in right after all the baseball/softball people were leaving, but still, neither of us would ever come back. The people who work here are super nice, if the food was decent I'd return.
1	Awful. Nothing positive to say. Stay far, far away!
4	Okay, so it is HARD to find mexican food in tempe that is like what I have with family in Mexico. Every time I'm craving some plain frijolles de la olla (beans, whole) I go here. I keep coming back for the burro clare. Don't come expecting some fancy restaurant but it's great for a yummy lunch. One thing is that their salsa is kind of lacking and a side of guac will cost you your first born, but other than that everything I've had is delicious, including their margaritas.Once we went and I met once of my favorite artists, Crystal Castles, hanging out having some margaritas before their show at the marquee! I figure this is probably a rarity as usually the place is pretty empty. The service is awesome, the girls there are SO nice and helpful.
2	Should have known by the empty restaurant on a Friday night that this wasn't the best. Pros: portions good, good refried beans and riceCons: salsa is terrible, the burros are boring. Enchiladas not so great, needed more sauce.  We heard all sorts of hype on the Clare and it's just avocado and beans. This place is just okay in my opinion. Wouldn't recommend.
1	This is the worst Mexican food ever, the chips and salsa were awful, I had a bean burrito enchilada style and it was just not good, my step moms food was cold, the service very slow I would not return :(
1	This place is overrated by some, and overpriced given the quality.  Starter Salsa is runny and bland. So called "steak" is the thinnest piece of beef I've had in a restaurant.  Food presentation is non-existent.  If this is called "authentic" Mexican food, it really is a humiliation to Mexican cuisine.  If you don't want to feel ripped off and still hungary after eating there, pls stay away and save the regret!!!!
5	I love this place and have been going here for almost 6 years. As noted by other reviews don't expect a fancy experience this is simple, clean, non-greasy food without the gobs of cheese littering most Arizona Mexican food. This is not Tex Mex with Tina of sour cream, guacamole, sauce and extras. It's good old fashion Mexican that your family would make. It's fast, the service is great and I personally love their salsa. I'll be there again as soon as possible!
1	Slow service, weak margaritas and stale chips. Not coming back.
4	"Valley institution" is a code phrase. It means the restaurant dates from an era when Phoenix and environs were small towns in the middle of nowhere, back in the day when the middle if nowhere didn't have the same chains as everywhere else. If you moved here from a larger, more established metro area, a Valley institutions are distinctly eat-at-your-own-risk.I like this one because it's one of the few places on Mill Avenue that isn't some sort of "scene." There are times when I do not feel hipsterish or sophisticated or possessed of sufficient humor to eat fried food served by scantily clad young women (which describes a lot of bistros here, not just Hooters). I want food put in front of me in decent quiet by servers who stay off my lawn. This restaurant does that.Chips were admittedly undistinguished and served with traditional Phoenix-style salsa (translation: mild and stewed). My chorizo con huevos, however, were hot and delicious. The tortillas are super tortillas engineered at a top-secret location and well worth the security clearance. The refried beans are also truly fine. My margarita existed. There are plenty of bars Mill. Go to one of those if you want your margarita to be other than an aid to digestion.Service is friendly, unobtrusive, and fully clad. My shattered nerves are repaired. I left feeling like I'd wandered into a nice abuelita's kitchen and emerged properly nourished.
1	I'll leave one star just bc the waitress was nice. But seriously it has to be hard to make food taste that bland and unflavorful. It was horrible
5	Someday I will be able to try something than the number 7. Someday. And I have been eating here or over 20 years...
2	Sorry, I was disappointed. Took an out of town visitor there and I am embarrassed. The place was pretty empty would should have been my first clue. I had a combo plate. My cheese enchilada was cold. The chorizo tostada was not bad. Overall, boring food.
3	A friend recommended this restaurant for lunch . . . and since ASU was on Spring Break . . . we thought it would be a good time to try it out.Somewhat disappointed . . . The service will prompt and somewhat attentive . . . seemed to lack a little, especially since the restaurant was pretty empty.The food . . . The chips and salsa . . . the chips tasted burnt or at a minimum fried in old grease . . . the salsa however was very tasty and had a good amount of heat . . . I had the number 5 . . . the taco was crisp and tasty . . . the enchilada was also very good . . . the tostada was mushy and not very good.I hate giving out three stars . . . since it is like riding both sides of the fence . . . but that is exactly what this place was like . . . some good and some bad . . . and while I have other Mexican restaurants that I would prefer to go to . . . I would probably try this on again . . . but would definitely try something else . . . maybe breakfast.
3	Food is good, lots of flavor and spice. They refer to this style of food as Homemade Mexico city and Jalisco style. If you're going for lunch its a little spendy but they have a a few combos under $10. You can also order items al a cart. for about $3 each taco, enchilada, etc. They have a few breakfast dishes w eggs, chorizo. I ordered the fajitas w/ rice and beans My lunch w soda plus tax and tip came to $18. So if you prefer quality over price this is the place for you. If you want value you should look elsewhere. You get some chips and salsa while you're waiting for your food. The service is nice and the food came out quick even when they are busy. Located off Mill Ave in Tempe so there is limited parking meters, garages, etc.
1	3 dollar roll tacos....way over priced. Total rip off. I get it its mill but damn...i hope people notice other Mexican restaurants. I don't know what's keeping this place open still...
5	Love Restaurant Mexico. I have been eating here for over 10 years, actually more like20 years, in three different locations. Clare burro is terrific, beans, avocado and green sauce. The guacamole is fresh and chopped rather than the green puree they serve at most restaurants. I also love that they don't melt a giant wad of american cheese over the top of everything they make, like most Mexican restaurants seem to these days. They only down side is the chips are terrible, always have been. But everything else is great.
4	I have been visiting Restaurant Mexico since I was in college. Whenever I am in town on business, I go there. It is fantastic. As to the lower starred reviews, take those with a grain of salt. If not two grains of salt. Comparing authentic Mexican cuisine with Filiberto's is like comparing Nordstrom's to Walmart. (RM is obviously more Nordstrom's).
5	Amazing, authentic mexican food!  Service is EXCELLENT--exactly what you would expect from a small, friendly establishment.  And...I'm craving the salsa RIGHT. NOW.
1	Very disappointed.  Plus there was an actual leaf blower in the back of the restaurant that left me uneasy
1	Now I understand why so many reviews trash this place. I don't think I've ever gone on a Sunday before, but what I got was:--Stale chips--Lukewarm food--Bare minimum of serviceThe waitress had clearly decided I wasn't going to tip, as I couldn't even get a drink refill or a "how is everything?" check. Now, I usually tip 20%, but when waitstaff is doing everything possible to treat me like a non-tipper, at some point, I shrug and oblige.When I told her the food was lousy, she offered to void the bill, which is the only thing she did right; but I did eat it, so I paid because it's not fair to stiff a restaurant, even one that I'd never return to.Basically, if you haven't been a regular since the 1960s (literally -- I was the only customer born after 1960), you can find better Mexican in Tempe, and you should.
5	Restaurant Mexico has Jalisco style food. They have excellent service and unbelievable Huevos Rancheros! If you like great food and great customer service, you will love this restaurant. They also have fair pricing.
4	I stopped into this place for lunch while on Mill Ave for the craft fair. The service was great and the food was very fast. I ordered the huevos rancheros and was pleasantly surprised. Everything was very tasty, but the guacamole did need salt. I will return to this place in the future.
5	Went on a weekday afternoon over ASU's summer break and was treated to amazing service. The women working the front were incredibly warm and welcoming and made sure we were never in need of chips, salsa, or drinks.Clare burro with green sauce was fantastic. Loved the whole beans and how messy and flavorful the whole dish was.
