5	The Pho is very tasty here. The soup is good and not to oily and you can taste all kinds of phlavors. The noodles taste fresh and are always cooked to perfection. This has become my favorite pho place in Vegas.The Vermicelli bowls are also very good. Try the one with the egg roll.The owner and staff are very friendly and helpful and always indulge me by answering my stupid 'white boy' questions. Today I scored an off the menu dessert "Joy Nuoc" (spelling?) by asking one such question. It was mung beans wrapped in mochi dough covered in warm ginger syrup, so good!This place is where the "Hong Kong House Buffet" used to be located.
5	I was informed by the cook/owner that they no longer use any MSG in there menu.
5	Light, clean broth. Superior decor. Good people.I took two coworkers to check out this new addition to the Las Vegas restaurant scene recently.  Here's the cast of characters:"Tex" - Married, born in Vietnam, grew up in Texas. His dialect takes some getting used to."NY" - Single, from "Lung Guy Land", moved to NevODDuh and graduated with an advanced degree from UNLV.and...Me.Tex prefers a more flavorful broth, what I term a "dirty" broth. I prefer a lighter, cleaner broth. NY kept raving about the basketball-sized fish in the aquarium.  NY ordered Pho with chicken (what the beautiful lady serving the food said was "white boy pho", which we all laughed about). I had rare steak with mine. Tex had something I cannot pronounce. :) The decor was acknowledged by all of us as superior. I prefer the broth here, in comparison with Tex.  I think once this place is "discovered" (between Twain and Desert Inn on Jones) there won't be an empty seat in the house. I discovered from the other half of this dynamic duo team running this restaurant (the guy with the apron slaving over boiling beef bones and water) that this wonderful couple is from Los Angeles from the famed Pho 87 known to all who appreciate good noodles, luscious broth, and the freshest leafy and snappy ingredients as accouterment. You get all that, and good karma as a bonus when you eat here! Fantastic experience for all of us. You will not be disappointed!  Worth a $30 cab ride? You bet! If you are driving, head west on Desert Inn and turn left (south) on Jones. Just past the Bank of America on your left hand side is this gorgeous excursion into flavor! If you hit Twain, turn around and go back. You won't be sorry.Very extensive, authentic menu, according to Tex.
1	Ok, Let me first start off by saying the woman "owner" is extremely nice and the customer service was great! With that being said the food was terrible. I was trying to find a reason to like the food just because the lady was so nice. My GF was a little sketchy to go here due to the fact that it was 1:30 in the afternoon and there were no cars in the parking lot, So it was a relief to see a table inside eating. We ordered PHO GA which is chicken PHO. It took a while to get our food so the anticipation was great! Finally it arrived......... Broth was very clear with some brown pieces floating around in it. When we asked what it was she stated "brown onion". The brown onion completely over powerd the soup and was terrible. Next, there was white chunks floating around, after further review we determined it was some sort of meat. This had no resemblance to chicken, not similar texture , smell, taste, nothing to make me think this was chicken. After a minute I thought what the hell I am going to try it, It tasted like a grainy, gamey taste, not horrible but def not chicken. I added a ton of hot sauce to give it some flavor but no luck.  Here's the deal, I am not speaking for all the food but the PHO is horrible if you want some great PHO go to PHO SO #1.
4	We found this place through yelp, because of an in depth review by another yelper. We were greeted by two people who were both funny and interesting. The restaurant was kept very well, clean and pleasant atmosphere, although not in a Vietnamese atmosphere, this place was a Japanese restaurant and Chinese restaurant before it was this. But its nice regardless. And I am sure hoping they got a good deal on the space.We ordered the shrimp cold summer type rolls, grilled pork pho and lean chicken pho and a coconut drink and preserved lemon drink.The summer roll was fresh and delicious. The phos were fantastic! The grilled pork pho was extraordinary, the broth and ingredients were fresh and tasty. The "white boy" pho, the chicken, was light and perfect. The coconut was a real one not some outta the can, and the preserved lemon drink was authentic and good.They have a contest pho that is gigantic...if you can eat it in 15 minutes its free!We will definitely be going back! LOVED this place! Thanks Yelp for getting us there.The chef/owner(Charlie) is funny, entertaining, and cooked at pho87 in Los Angeles under his mother for 22 years before opening this place here. His experience and care with the ingredients really shows.
4	Pho 87 is one of the best places to eat PHO soup.We have tried  many places on Spring Mountain and were full of MSG and other stuff.Pho 87 is clean clear broth and fresh meats,seafood and veggies.!!You have to try it...
2	review on the pho dac biet - the broth was way too oily for me, other than that it was decent, they do put a lot of meat in the bowl which is a plus.
3	A pho place that started in 1987 in heart of Chinatown in Los Angeles.  As a child I remember having fond memories of this place. Fast forward 23 years later, we're at this Las Vegas location. Having tried many pho here in Vegas, I have to say this is near the top of my list. Come here, you won't be disappointed. Its one of the best Pho places in town. It still no comparison for the stuff in Westminister however. The large bowl is really large, making other pho places large look like a small. The broth is good, but its a different kind of good. The broth is a cleaner lighter tasting broth, than the more rich and heavy tasting broth many are use to. The owners swear by it.The noodles aren't really anything special the times I ate here. Very little to no flavor like most of the other places in town.They're desert menu is bigger than most of the smaller restaurant, but still pales in comparison. The coconut desert was satisfactory.This is one of the few places where the owners aren't afraid to talk to their customers. One of the owners is very bold and not afraid to dish out the insults. Like one time, our co-workers was taking a long time to order. So she comes over and say, what's taking so long to make a decision? You're only out $8 if you make a bad choice. If a girl asks you to jump into bed, you don't have a second thought about it. You could have a baby or get a STD. But you take so long to make a $8 decision. Yup, she seriously told us that. Holy crap! We quickly ordered thereafter. It was a memorable moment indeed!They also have the Pho Challenge. The bowl is literally the size of a Kitchen Aid stand mixer bowl. You have to finish 2 lbs of rice noodle, 2 lbs of beef, 1lb of beef balls, and the broth in 30 minutes! Absolutely ridiculous. I try to convince the owners to make it at least feasible, but having to finish all the broth is just insane. This makes the Pho Garden challenge look like childs play. I will attempt it by the end of the year, determined to!Good pho broth, but disappointing subpar noodles. The staff makes this a great place to come and eat. The Pho Challenge will be my ultimate food challenge that I must conquer!
4	I have been here to Pho 87 about 5 times and every single time I order Pho Tai. Which has been fairly consistent. The soup is lighter in color and MSG flavor. The large is huge, and is quite satisfying to those who are hungry, it is also only like $8. Their small slightly smaller than Pho Saigon 8's large. I have had their pork chops, which was ok. The owner is very friendly and will joke around with you, but sometimes she can be a little weird if you aren't familiar with her. She seems like a math wizard since she can calculate your bill on the spot. There is a $10 minimum to use your card. Overall most definitely the best bang for your buck.
5	Ok we came back after trying Pho at other places in town. This is the BEST Pho in town. Love Mia and Chef Charlie, it is like your best friends run this restaurant. The Pho is the real deal, with a wonderful rich stock and very fresh ingredients.
3	Date/Time: Sunday - 12:30pmOccasion: Hangover lunchParty of:  EightOrdered: Pho tai bo vien & fresh squeezed OJLocation: About 15 minutes from the strip; clean & spacious location Total incl gratuity: ~$10ppThe broth was really refreshing and so good especially after a night of drinking.  When we got there, there was probably only two other tables so we thought it'd be quick - in and out!  Unfortunately, we learned the hard way.  The service turned out to be extremely slow.... nice, but slow!  Whereas it normally takes about 30 minutes for me to order, receive, and eat a bowl of pho...this place took us about an hour and a half.  The woman who was our server was running around like a madwoman and took forever.  It took about 20 minutes just to get our water and beverages.  The chef appeared to be the same person delivering our food...which took about 30 minutes for us to get.The food was good, vegetables were definitely fresh. however this place is not good enough for us to spend that much time waiting.  I think I'll stick with the pho restaurants closer to the strip in Chinatown next time.
5	We found this Pho based on our search in Yelp. It is the best we have tried thus far in Las Vegas.  The spring rolls were the best I think I have ever had, they make them to order, unlike most Pho places that make them ahead of time. Also, they grill the shrimp in the spring rollls.  The owner told us that they have another location, or possibly had a location, in L.A. and our new to the LV area.  The pho was excellent.  This place was a couple dollars more than some of the cheaper Pho places but well worth it.
4	I had my first Pho experience here over the weekend and I am officially hooked! I was a little nervous when pulling into the parking lot. It's not in the greatest area, and looks a little run down on the outside. But after reading all the great reviews, I knew we had to try it out. We had a group of 7 people and on a Friday night around 8pm, were one of only 2 or 3 parties in the restaurant. The service was attentive, and entertaining. I guess we had the pleasure of having the owner as our server. She was quick to get our orders taken, recommend appetizers and even tell us how to eat them. I was thoroughly amused when she informed us they didn't have any Asian beer because "we support America!" Disappointing, because a few of the people in our group were looking forward to a few Vietnamese beers they liked, but the humor the situation provided was worth it.We ordered Egg Rolls for the table, they were absolutely delicious. They serve them with lettuce rolls, mint, basil and hot sauce and you can prepare them to your liking. They were flavorful, not too greasy for being fried, and the hot sauce was the perfect addition.For meals, everyone ordered a variety of Pho. I had the #4 which seemed like the most basic and a good option for a first timer. Other than ordering too much (ordered the medium, but the small would have been plenty) everything was perfect. The broth had tons of flavor and mixed really well with the hot sauce. The meat was tender and the bean sprouts were so crispy and fresh! Everyone else in our group had had Pho before, and a few had even spent time in Vietnam, and they agreed this was a pretty awesome place, worth a return trip.I can't wait to go back and be a little more adventurous next time!
5	I ate here two days straight first day I had the large bowl it's was alot for a good price but the following day I had to try their pho bowl challenge I failed.... But the best pho here at Vegas ox tail broth cooked for long hours real good I highly recommend this place oh customer service here is so so two waiters but they are great company to talk to they got jokes
4	Overall, this place has delightful pho at reasonable prices.  The broth has fantastic, rich flavor.  I ordered the medium size, and it came with so much meat, I couldn't finish it all.  Ample veggies and herbs on the side.Their spring rolls leave a little to be desired.  I don't eat pork, so I always order them with shrimp only.  For some reason, the shrimp always tastes a little brackish and overly fishy.  Peanut sauce drowns that out.  I've never gotten sick from eating them, but it's unnerving, none the less.  My friends and I were originally lured into Pho 87 by the large banner out front proclaiming "LOBSTER FRIED RICE."  We got an order for the three of us, to the tune of $19.99.  It was worth every penny.  It was delicious, lightly fried rice, with at LEAST 3 whole lobster tails in it.  I'm talking big, meaty hunks of lobster throughout the dish.  It's a nice splurge.They make their own in-house chili oil.  If you're a fan of spicy things, you simply must try it.  It's fabulous in the soup and on anything else you choose.Every time my friends and I have visited, there's hardly anyone in the dining room.  I have absolutely no idea why.  The dining room is pleasantly decorated, and the food is quite good.My favorite thing about the place, though, is the main hostess/waitress who works there.  I suspect she partially owns the place.  Her English is nearly flawless, and she has a biting, sarcastic wit that had our table in stitches.  Not only that, but when one of my table-mates asked to see the big fish (front tank) eat one of the small goldfish (tank in rear of dining room), she consented to sacrifice a small fish, provided he pay for the "prey" ($3).  Obviously, this isn't a regular request over there, but she was willing to accommodate us.  Now THAT'S service!
3	First off, thanks for hosting a food challenge- it was fun to make it into a event and get people into the challenge. I didn't do it, but we had 4 challengers and none made it. So far, no one in Vegas has, only someone in the California location.I wanted rice which was kinda a mistake I think. It was a small portion and just okay. Most rice plates that say its like pork plate but normally comes with shredded pork tripe, egg loaf, etc. I couldn't actually tell if my pork was pork. It tasted like beef almost. It's jasmine rice, not Viet broken rice. I tried Elninos chicken pho which had a clean gingery broth which reminds me of Filipino chicken tinola soup. Pretty decent. I ordered the wrong thing .My drink, a fresh cut coconut was yum- fresh and cold.Our server was pretty sassy and funny saying things like if you have fake boobs flash them while they eat pho! LOL and a WTF moment. I wouldn't flash my boobs, but does this mean big naturals aren't good then?! Haha. I still had a great time today. Watching people in a PHO'cked situation is kinda PHO'cking PHO-nny.
4	good pho. taro smoothie was sub par. just stick with the soup here
3	Pho 87 is just okay for me.  Ate here before after reading Nelson Q's review, but still thought their pho is just okay.  Came back again for the Pho 87 big ass bowl of pho in 87 minutes challenge UYE for moral support, and eventually tried their Chicken Pho which I thought was good.  The dessert menu is basically just the boba tea menu with a good selection of flavors to select from. I tried the Almond Smoothie with Boba, and I think that it would be better as just a regular Almond Boba Tea since the ice ws not blended fine enough.  Could it be that they are not using a Vita-Mix for the job?Other items I have tried here: Pork and Shrimp Spring Rolls.  It was decent, but you don't get much in terms of the featured protein.Someone else ordered a rice entree for $7, and it is enough to fill you up, but again lacking in the proteins department.Personally I prefer restaurant that serves a plate of food they way they would like to see it if they were doing the ordering, and price it accordingly instead of cutting back on the portions.The waitress is funny with her comments, which can be considered rude, but she did say that she is the Pho Nazi.  And since I took so long to decide what to order, she promptly skipped me and said "No pho for you".  :pTheir Pho 87 challenge is formidable.  The bowl is really big!  Supposedly 2.5x their regular large size pho and costs $30 to order. However if you finish it in the allotted 87 minutes with no outside help, the pho is free plus you keep the bowl, $87 prize and fame, bragging rights, billboard coverage and VIP treatment to the hottest Vegas night club scenes.  I saw 4 people attempt this challenge, but the noodles was just too much.What else?  The restaurant is decorated pretty nicely.  I think it was the decoration from a previous Asian or Japanese buffet restaurant, but it is part of the decor of Pho 87 now.  And diners, please refrain from you or your kids playing with the restaurants lime green chopsticks, it is for eating and not as a drumstick.  If you break it, they may not charge for it, but they are definitely thinking about it.Pho 87 is not the best and not the worst pho experience I have had here in Las Vegas. Price is on the high side for the portion you get relative to other local pho restaurants, but they claim to make everything fresh from quality ingredients.Overall - 3 stars.P.S. Their herbs and lime wedges are very fresh!
2	Came out for the Pho challenge, props to everyone that tried to eat that BIG bowl of Pho. Dean and I had the lobster fried rice and oxtail pho. The fried rice was good and there was lobster... wasn't a lot of lobster and it didn't have lobster flavor. Maybe I was expecting more for a $20 fried rice. The oxtail pho came with plenty of oxtail which was cool, but I was really wanting the braised oxtail soup base. It came out with the regular pho broth. I asked the owner and she said that was the Vietnamese style of oxtail soup. I will need to come back and try something else one day and maybe it will be better. I know now, it's not going to be anytime soon, I am scared to see that big bowl again even if it wasn't me doing the challenge.
3	This was an interesting dinner.  Yes, our party was 20-21 people deep.  Yes, four of those people tried to eat a 3-ish pound bowl of pho.  The other interesting thing at Pho 87 is the hostess.  She has the kind of humor where she'll insult you to your face throughout the night without so much as cracking a smile...it may work for some, others not so much.  For myself I wasn't particularly in the mood for the peanut gallery that night (much less from our server), but I can see myself getting a kick out of it on a different day.Food pricing seemed kind of steep; pho comes in four sizes: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m51uL1LZhKYf2y_yG4NEng?select=MLarFzHf2ilmdTVc5_ek7w.  For the most part it was along the lines of $7.00 for small, $8.00 for medium, $9.00 for large & $30 for the challenge.  Pho is just okay, broth was nothing special.  Noodles were good but nothing to make me crave Pho 87.  We also tried some spring rolls, of the pork (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m51uL1LZhKYf2y_yG4NEng?select=S1gDi5mmQgkydd-blLzV2Q) and shrimp (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m51uL1LZhKYf2y_yG4NEng?select=l8tBxk3n206Gl4MufktExQ) varieties.  Pork seemed tasty, but you only get a tiny sliver of meat in each roll.  Shrimp wasn't anything special, but again, very little shrimp inside.The following sign is posted near the entrance: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m51uL1LZhKYf2y_yG4NEng?select=6lcr69pu34x-rRZqSRWRNg.  For me, it's not so much about standards as it is about mood.  If I'm in the mood for pho and nearby, I don't see why I wouldn't stop by here.
3	Another review from an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) where we had 4 participants who accepted the Pho Challenge that day (Jen S., Bobby Y., James A., and Robert R.) out of our party of 20+ diners.We gathered at the two tables to the right, at the front of the restaurant near the fish tank with the lone gigantic fish (who I think has been eating too much pho during its lifetime).  It's a pretty simple menu, with pho prices ranging from $7-8 for a small, $8-9 for a medium, $9-10 for a large.  And of course, we can't ignore the gigantic bowl for $30 (if you can't finish it in the allocated time).  At a first glance, I would say it's a bit pricier here for standard pho.  The better value is to go for the large pho portions, and then it's not as expensive.  (I think it's probably a better value for two people to share a large, but the waitress strongly discourages sharing pho since it changes the temperature of the soup, etc. etc.)The Husband went for the $10 large bowl of oxtail soup pho.  It's a pretty big bowl with lots of oxtail meat present, so I think he definitely got his bang for his buck.  Whereas I went for one of the regular pho bowls, size small for $7, and it was just okay.  The meat portions are on the smaller end. I'm used to seeing larger cuts of rare beef, but that wasn't the case here.  Also, my soup was just warm and the Husband concurred the same about his broth.I also got to try two variations of their spring rolls - the shrimp and pork ones.  I liked the shrimp ones better since they grilled the shrimp prior to putting it in the wrapper.  The pork ones were just okay.The waitress was a bit anxious with trying to figure out how many people were going to compete, and it was pretty early on when we told her it was going to be four.  She said the cook needed to know how much meat to cut up.  Everyone wanted rare beef only in their pho, and she checked with the kitchen to make sure they could do this and they said yes.  I did ask her if she could serve the competitors first since they had 87 minutes to eat, and the rest of us could get our food last.  In the end, everyone else got their food and finished it long before the four competitors even saw their bowl of pho.  This was definitely not an efficient use of time at all and I think it also affected those who were competing. When the challenge bowls of pho did arrive, it definitely looked like it was more noodles than beef.  It's supposed to be 1.5 pounds of beef, 1.5 pounds of noodles, and broth.  The broth isn't such a high priority to finish since she said that by the end, there's usually not that much broth left anyway.  It was super hot when it arrived too.  (Guess that's where all the hot broth went!)  James A. came really close to finishing and he even brought his leftovers home (and finished them).  Word is that him and Robert R. might go for round two!   Pho 87 is a pretty large restaurant from the other Vietnamese restaurants in town, and a bit fancier.  There's a whole set up in the back that makes you wonder if they offer some kind of lunch buffet since they have those self service hot stations.Service definitely makes for an 'interesting' and 'entertaining' experience.  The waitress assigned to us definitely has comments coming from left field that probably are not the most politically correct.  She spent a lot of time discouraging us from participating in the challenge in the beginning, then she encouraged the females in our group to 'give a show' to encourage our male friends who were competing...comments about flashing and fake boobs were included.If you do complete the Pho 87 Challenge, your bowl of pho is free, as well as the bowl.  And she said they'll put your face on a billboard!  She said no one in Las Vegas has completed their challenge yet, but a few from Los Angeles has at their other location.  (Apparently she really wants a " white boy" on the billboard!)It's hard opening yet another pho restaurant in Las Vegas.  Props to them for creating a hook that will bring the customers in.  Not sure if it's enough to make it a regular joint though.
5	Best PHO in Las Vegas.  The owner is the son of the original Pho 87 in Chinatown LA.  If you have a hangover in Vegas and needs good authentic Pho, this is it.
5	I've been to quite a few Vietnamese noodle restaurants (not only in the area of Las Vegas, but including places around So. Cal in Westminister, Nor. Cal, as well as some places around the world, like in Hong Kong, etc.) This is currently one of my favorite pho restaurants. There isn't many popular pho places around town other than the long-standing Pho So 1, Pho Kim Long, and Pho Saigon 8. This, according to the owner, has been open for approx. 1 year. There wasn't many people who were eating during the time of my visit (around 2pm on a Friday afternoon). We were greeted by the owner who introduced us to their different bowl sizes (S, M, and L) and their special challenge (XL? i guess it should be called?) which is finish in under 87 minutes and you get challenge paid for and $87 (you only get to challenge once, if u finish). Upon sight of the menu, it was not a large menu. 3 specialties of beef noodle soup (Pho), vermicelli noodles (Bun) and rice plate (Com). Prices were seemed decent for the bowl sizes. Both my friend and I ordered their #10 which was their special noodle soup with combination of beef. I had ordered a Large and he had ordered a medium. When the other owner came out with the orders, i was AMAZED ! Take note, the price difference for the #10 was $7 for small, $8 for medium, $9 for large (and a normal "large" bowl at pho so 1 was approx. $6.95?). This large, was AT LEAST double the amount of the larges everywhere else. The amount of meat they give you was maybe 1/2 a pound if not almost a pound. They also use a slightly wider flat rice noodle too.Like most critics, for a noodle soup, the first thing to try, is the soup. First taste, wow. You can tell no MSG was used. It was a clean tasting smooth broth that wasn't overwhelming but it had its fill of flavor. As what a Cantonese person would call it, its a "ching tong" .. directly translated to be a clear soup. The male owner has been in the pho restaurant business for 23 years (since 1987). They have a restaurant near Chinatown in Downtown Los Angeles as well. Being a guy who doesn't eat a small amount compared to a lot of my friends, a large, was definitely a challenge for me to finish. At first i was hoping to finish the noodle and meat and drink at least 1/2 the soup, but by the time i finished the noodles and meat, i had no way of drinking the soup. It was very filling. On the side note, according to the female owner, "the water is filtered and is free !" also the water has a slight lemon flavor too, so probably has a container of ice water with slices of lemon ready to be served. For the price, its definitely worth its value. The owners were very friendly. The male owner/chef talked to us for quite a long time telling us stories of his younger years (he said he was 50 but looked mid 30s) ! man Asians look young. Maybe you'll get lucky and get to hear his stories ! quite amusing. Will recommend to friends and family. Definitely a great deal for amount and quality !
4	My friends and I had a craving for Pho after a long day at Hoover Dam. We're from Orange County (Westminster, CA) and are used to excellent Pho.The restaurant was nearly empty when we arrived at 6:30pm, but were immediately greeted by who appears to be the owner.We ordered several combinations of Pho. I had the Ox Tail (medium) one. The broth was flavorful and the ingredients (ie. meat) were plentiful. Vegetables were fresh. With the Medium bowl already making us full, we were left to wonder who could possibly finish their Pho 87 challenge (that bowl equals 3 Large ones.)The eggrolls and spring rolls were delicious.The waitress (owner's wife?) made several jokes without cracking a smile, making them even more hilarious. It was a fun night!The decor was clean, although the bathroom needed some maintenance.All 7 of us left quite satisfied and full. We would go again!
3	The service here is the best compared to all the other pho places my friend have been to.  They have a contest where you finish a huge pho bowl within about 87 minutes.  If you can't, you pay for the bowl ($30).  I was so down to do it but I wasn't that hungry, and I am sure I would have finished that thing.  The server said mostly people who have smaller body types can finish it.  Anyway, the price for the food is a bit pricier than the typical pho places I've been to.  The food was alright.  I got the meal with pork, eggrolls, noodles, salad/lettuce stuff in it.  I forgot what it was called.  It's #24 on the menu.  My sidekick got #27.  It's good, but I've tasted better.  My other friends got a pho meal, which tasted plain and my other friends got the meal with oxtail, he loved that dish.  They always love their oxtail!
5	So I decided to try this place out after reading so many good reviews on yelp and you guys were right. They made a kick ass bowl of Pho, this is the same place in LA in the edge of Chinatown and just as good as that place. This is my new fav place for just Pho, the broth was perfect. It was a clean tasting broth. This place is all about the quality, the meats are nice cuts, plentyful and cooked right. I was going to order a large but decided on the medium bowl after looking at the sizes. The med is bigger than most large bowls at other places. I will be back for sure, love this place.
5	obviously nothing compares to homemade pho but the pho here is legit. the broth is key and it was super tasty. they put lots of stuff in the bowls...lots of noodles, lots of meat, lots of broth. its very well proportioned. lots of places skimp on noodles and meat and just give you HELLA broth. they have 3 different sizes S,M, and L. my friend and i both got the medium after reading reviews on yelp....but after experiencing it first hand i would say that a small bowl is probably the way to go. they also have the pho challenge...for $35 if you can eat 4 lbs of noodles, 4 lbs of meat, and 4 lbs of broth in 87 minutes you  can win their growing jackpot. as of yesterday the pot was $490! i'll definitely come back to satisfy my pho cravings.
4	Excellent food, huge servings!  Definitely worth a revisit...  Any if you are a big eater, 2 lbs of noodles, 2 lbs of meat... plus the jackpot...
5	awesome, perfect and fun.Staff where excellent, I got to meet the cook, Charlie,...and well we had a ball. He explained better how i was supposed to eat the meal and how to season it and the finer points of Pho 87 in Vegas and LA!For those of u on the strip heading out to blow some money but want to eat something delicious, healthy and cheap?Get this stuff,..as an early lunch meal,..skip the buffets at the strip,..no really,..skip it,...save ur money for good stuff like La Cave. Eat here at Pho 87.  Your tummy will thanks you for it.  p.s. do not be afraid to banter with the head lady,..she is a doll.Love u guys,..thanks for making it so wonderful!Ken ( the big white guy with the super white hair )
5	All I can say is WOW!  The spring rolls were fresh and crisp, they grilled the shrimp which added a wonderful blend of flavors to the same ol same ol.  The peanut sauce for the spring rolls also had a unique flavor to it, I loved it!  Then we move on to the Pho' WOW I believe they slow cook the broth because it was a clean but very flavorful broth.  Tons of meat more then I've seen anywhere else. If you ask me this blows Pho' Kim Long II out of the water and that used to be my favorite.  No more a new favorite has taken over and it's Pho' 87!  Oh and the owner is hilarious!  She is a sassy little lady that will make you laugh as you eat her good food!  :)
5	This is one of my favorite Pho Restraunts in town. I eat a lot of pho. I probalby go eat pho at least once a week. There are many types of variations of pho. Some people like their pho strong (for those of you who don't know, the pho or soup broth is brewed with spices within the beef stock). Some people like their pho with just a hint the pho spice flavor. I've found, I like my pho a little on the mild side when it comes to the spice side of it.  That's why I like Pho 87's pho. A perfect balance between the beef broth and the spices.  This place was recommended to me by a friend. After my first time eating there, my wife and I went back to eat there 7 days in a row. Yes, that's a lot of pho. But, it's that good. And if you really want to go all out, ask to try their pho 87 challenge. A big @ss bowl of pho.
5	Broth is flavorful and they have the biggest bowls I've ever seen!!!
5	Wow, perfect hangover food. Almost all of us got the oxtail pho. It was delicious! The medium is more than enough. The broth was great, the meat fell right off the bone, and it filled me up silly. The lady that works there is a hoot... Our white friend ordered chicken and rice and she goes, "Just chicken and rice? So boring!" Then she comes back and takes away his chopsticks and gives him a fork which led to my friend giving her a look so she goes, "Oh, you want chopsticks? Alright, I give you chopsticks." Wow, standard punch in the stomach for a white man at an Asian restaurant. I can't wait to come back!
4	4.5 Stars. Can't give 5, because I don't think any Pho restaurant deserves 5 stars like a Totoraku, Kiriko or Angelini Osteria. However, this place is the real deal. Same owners as the Pho 87 in Los Angeles.The broth is top notch, likely top 5 in my book. I don't get down to Westminster that much, but I put this place near the pinnacle that Golden Deli in SGV holds for me. Obviously, they take a lot of time making the broth from scratch. It has just the right amount of fat and star anise. As always, I ordered the Pho Dac Biet, and the meat and offal were of very high quality. The noodles had an excellent bite.We also ordered the Chiao Ga and the Goi Coun. Both were excellent. The shrimp and the pork in the Goi Coun were actually charred on the grill. I though that was an excellent touch. The veggies in the Goi  Coun were obviously extremely fresh. I prefer egg rolls with the rice paper that crackles when it's fried, but not going to complain about these. They were great. Come for the the Pho. You will be hard pressed to find a more enjoyable bowl of Pho. It comes in 4 sizes (small, med, large and stupid). If you want to find the Adam Richman in you, go for the challenge, and maybe you'll win some dough. The pot was up $600 when were there last week. I guess fitting for Sin City.
5	Okay..this place is my new favorite Pho place in town!..might be little bit pricey than other pho place but it is WORTH it!I love their Spring Roll and Pork Roll...OMG!!! You have to try it! I was very happy that I found this place!I heard that they have restaurant in Cali too..Well...even I can't never finish my soup in other place...I finish mine in this restaurant..because can't stop eating..broth is really good and noodle is perfect too!I've been there already twice in this week..brought some friends there from Cali..They love this place too.If I'm going to pay 1 or 2 dollars more for this soup..I think it is really worth it to go there.They even have S M L size for Pho and They give you 3 spring Rolls..Really Fresh!!!:)
1	Besides the extremely rude host/waitress and the short black hair in my charbroiled pork pho, and  the incredibly dirty and smelly restroom everything else was just fine.Not to mention that the waitress/host ignored pretty much anyone that entered the restaurant that was not "asian looking".  A patron that was already eating asked her for water, and she ignored him, he asked again and she said "oh sometime i don't pay attention". When another patron walked in she stood at the entrance for about 5 min and was completely ignored. She finally got the waitress/host attention and she said " oh, nex time you say something when you walk in, don't just stand there, i can't see you. hmmmmmm on a monday evening the only dinners where us, the man that asked for water and the woman who waited for 5 min.  I  would not recomend this place, there is really great pho on spring mountain, try any of them.
1	WORST. PHO. EVER.  why this place has a 4-star rating totally irks me.  pho is our [me, booboo, stan, ed, and benson`s] go-to hangover remedy after a night of hard partying in Vegas.  initially we were trying for Hash House A Go Go, but there was an 1.5 hour wait, so we decided to go elsewhere.  i hopped on my trusty Yelp app and searched for a restaurant close by.  Pho 87 popped up, and with a 4-star rating we figured, why not?  Yelp, for once you have failed me.i ordered the medium pho bo, with the rare steak on the side.  the noodles were tough and plasticky, an indication of cheap quality noodles.  the broth was bland and oily.  i had to resort to pouring fish sauce in it; i NEVER pour anything in my soup.  even that couldn`t salvage it.  after about 6 bites, i stopped eating.  . we all ordered the pho bo, with the exception of ed, who ordered the pho dac biet [combination pho].  booboo had also ordered his pho bo the same way i did, with the rare steak on the side.  the woman we ordered from screwed up and forgot.  the guy ended up bringing his pho out with the steak inside.  we were all starving, but not one of us were even remotely close finished our food; that was how bad it was. omg that woman who took our order was so ANNOYiNG!  she was trying to be funny, but her jokes were falling flat.  we were not amused.  the restaurant was barely a quarter full, but she was nowhere to be found when we needed something [water refill, lemons, the CHECK].  besides screwing up booboo`s order, she also kept trying to tell us how to eat things like the cha gio ["wrap it in lettuce and dip it in the sauce"] and the salted lemon soda ["smash and mix well"].  excuse me, woman, but i`m from San Francisco, which is 3O minutes away from San Jose, where some of the best pho places can be found.  California is the state the MOST pho restaurants in the country, with San Francisco as the city having the most pho restaurants in killer Cali. [clicky click: http://www.lovingpho.com/pho-north-america/pho-restaurants-in-united-states/ ]  i`ve been eating pho, bun cha gio, banh mi, nuoc mam, and bo tai chanh [raw lemon beef] since before i could walk.  we don`t need you treating us like we`re dumb tourists who can`t tell good pho from bad.
5	Most authentic Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.
4	I've had no problems whenever I go to Pho 87. The owner is really nice and helpful. Sure, her jokes may be a little lame, but she always checks up on us to make sure we always have our drinks filled. I enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
4	I went to Pho 87 recently on one of my trips to Sin City.  I ordered the large pho combination special and the bowl was HUGE and Delicious.  You can definitely taste the ox tail they use to make the broth.  Most places don't use ox tail so the pho is not as flavorful.  I was thinking about trying the Godzilla bowl, which if finished completely in 87 minutes, a jackpot of $600 is given.  FYI, the Godzilla bowl is 3x the size of the large bowl and I was stuffed after finishing the large bowl.  My sister had vermicelli grilled beef (bun thit nuong) and she didn't think it was that great but that's her fault for going to a pho place and not ordering pho :)The waitress at first seemed very brash and rude but I think she was just very busy when we first got there.  She was later very hospitable to our party and that was nice.Definitely come here for some pho if you are in Vegas.
3	I didn't like it.  Sorry.  I wanted it to be good but my group and I came to the same conclusion.  This place is overated.  We had the pho and the noodles and broth had a wrong texture or mix.  The noodles need to be al dente but it was overcooked.  I thought the meat was tender but the broth lacked something.  I can't tell you what though but the flavor was off.  Maybe we went  too early at 11 am and it didn't have time for the pot to extract the sweet taste of the bones.
2	During a trip to Sin City, the BF and I decided to try this place after reading the reviews on yelp about their pho challenge and all I have to say is that I give props to whoever finish that beast! We both ordered the large pho combination special thinking we would finish it b/c we were straving when we got there but sadly I didn't even finish 1/4 of my bowl; however, my BF did! Oh man the large bowl was HUGE! The broth was oily and fatty and at frist it's okay and went well with the meat and noodles but after eating it for awhile you kind of get tired and sick of it b/c it started to get heavy.  We also shared an order of their egg rolls and they're thinner than usually and wasn't all that great. Don't know if I'll go back to this place.
2	Pho soup nazi
4	I've been here twice. My friend first took me to this restaurant about 2 weeks ago and I got Pho Tai like usual. Pho So 1's pho tai's meat changed on me. Therefore, I was pleased to know that the meat tasted like how I like it here. I never drink the soup so I've nothing to say about that. They are proud of their broth though. Next time, I'll drink some of it. I get full easily so after eating all the noodles + the meat, I don't want to touch the broth.The second time that I went, I took a party of 12 with me (after watching Fast Five). The owner's wife is really cool. She'll tease you and stuff, but she's pretty chill.  Feel free to joke around with her and all that. It's a very personal and informal experience, I guess you could say. It's unique, I suppose. Some owners don't even interact with you. She also recommended us #12 with the brisket and I actually really liked it. Think I'll be changing my future orders to #12 instead of #11. ^^vWe stayed past their closing time (10pm) but didn't get kicked out. A few of my friends were very acquainted with her. As long as Pho 87 is open, I will be going there for my pho now. At least I know the service will be better than the other ones that I've been to.Also, their sizes come in S, M, and L. The prices are good. They also have the pho challenge and the Food Network also came recently. TRY IT OUT IF YOU HAVEN'T!
1	Horrible service is an understatement.  Everything wrong. Lower your standards?
5	I have to be honest, I've never had anything quite like this before. The oxtail soup was like something I've been craving all my life and never knew existed. The staff was warm and friendly and made me feel like I was at home. They cook the oxtail for 24 hours and it just falls off of the bone. Perfect tasty noodles in a broth with some green onions and pow! AMAZING!  The price is also very affordable and worth every dime. For about nine bucks a big guy like me had trouble finishing the bowl, but, of course, I did! :) I recommend this place to anyone who likes good authentic Asian food and has a taste for things well done. Fantastic food my friends.
5	The #12 was delicious.. The broth was probably the best I've had in Vegas, and the owner was quite nice and she had a few good dirty jokes..
5	I am a PhoNatic! After trying other Pho restaurants I was referred to Pho87 and will now be a regular. The waitress was welcoming and had a great sense of humor, the cook even came out to talk us and was very friendly, the portions were big, the price was right, even the free water was good, filtered with lime added if thats what you prefer. I ordered Pho with shrimp and got plenty of shrimp in mine, most places are stingy when it come to shrimp. The atmosphere was inviting and clean, i will be back again and again!
4	Thanks to Yelp, I found this place! Now, it'll be my favorite pho place in town. The broth...I think they have some secret ingridients. It has cleaner taste, not so much msg's but yet "hitting the spot" feeling. Esp. for hungovers, it'll cure you~! A little warning...the owner lady is a character. Not in a bad way, but she's eccentric. Just remember to look at the 'Pink' papers stuck all around the seats. One says something like, "If our food or service does not meet your standards, please lower your standards! Enjoy eating!" Puhaha...I busted out laughing when I read that,  but you'll understand once you encounter the lady. Wonder what her name is? She remembers a lot of her customers by their name too.
2	Ususally the more I go to a palce the more I like it. Not the case for this place. When I first came the veggies for your pho were always fresh and clean, went recently and both times the veggies were old. The soup: was clean and crisp in the past but had 2 seperate occasions were the soup tatse old or unbalanced flavors. The service: I know I said service doesnt matter for asian places but here is one of the few exceptions. The lady is annoying, first I just tried to just not talk to her since her comments are not funny or entertaining. Now I try not to make eye contact so she doesn't talk to me... lol Now I just dont go.
5	Upon my third visit I realized how much I loved this place! Mia, the owner despite some of these jagged reviews you've have read previously-- is a class act! She loves what she does and her hands on approach to making sure her customers are taken care  of truly shows. Joke around, have fun, let loose and enjoy yourself! It adds quality to your meal! She makes the experience enjoyable all the more! The food-- IS really good! I'm an Ox Tail Soup Fan, variety of drinks and over all the freshness make the atmosphere! Going there again and again!
2	I'm giving this restaurant two for their mostly decent food. It lost three points for rude customer service. Food: We came to this resto in the afternoon. Mom wanted to try their ox tail soup, which according to her, tasted good. It had decent amount of ox tail. On the other hand, I ordered rice noodle pho soup. It  tasted just like other pho soup, nothing extraordinary. My bf, on the other hand, wasn't so lucky with his piece of chicken (I believe it was broiled chicken or barbequed chicken...I can't quite remember the name)... it looked soggy, tasted bland, and was cold...like it had been seating in the kitchen forever.Ambiance:Traditional Chinese restaurant style. At the time we came, however, the air conditioner was turned off. They opted to just open the door to let air in.Customer Service:This was were it went downhill. The hostess who took us to our seating area was extremely rude!!! She kept staring at us eating. Seriously. Who does something that rude. Afterward, my mom asked for extra rice for her ox tail because she felt like eating rice and the hostess (who was also acting as our waitress) said, "You already have noodles. Why order rice?" *followed by an irritating stare at us* As customers, it was our choice to ask for anything we want in the menu... Why was she questioning our choice. Then, she even asked us if we were going to eat the vegetables which accompanied our order or she'll take them back to the kitchen. Who does that? To top it of, she didn't even ask politely. She asked in a rude way. In addition, our order also took such a long time... despite not having anyone in the restaurant but us. Verdict:I'll never return to this restaurant again. There are far better restaurants, with better tasting food, that also have good customer service.
5	We saw this place on food network and decided to come out and try it. We were in vegas june 24-27 so figured why not. We walked in and noticed there was no one really in there, maybe because it has just opened. We were seated and ordered and the hostess/waitress came over and talked to us for what seemed like forever because she was just so funny and nice, our food came out and the cook came out personally to explain how the food is made and if we watched the show. after having a conversation with him it was time to eat. MMMMMM that broth is so good. The noodles were thick and yummy we all got a small bowl with an order of egg rolls and that was more than enough, i cant wait until we go back
1	I saw the high review of this place on Yelp and decided to try it out. Very disappointed. We went there at about 1PM, and there was no one there except for us. The server was the owner, and she had no smile on her face. Very bad service.I had the Pho, and it was okay; nothing special about it. My brother had the rice dish, and he said it was tasteless.Would not recommend this place to anyone. Bad service, decent food, and dirty bathroom. Oh, and prices are on the high side for a Vietnamese restaurant.
5	You must try this place. Compared to Pho 87, no other place really has Pho. This broth is made for a full day and has no MSG. It is mega delicious!  No other place has filet mignon pho either.  Yum!  Egg rolls are freshly made on sight, not bought at a store then simply fried at the restaurant.  You can taste the difference!  After visiting Vietnam I fell in love with the authentic food there. I've been to so many pho places in Las Vegas, most are mediocre, a few are better than the rest, but this one is the only place I've tried that stands out.  It is tied for number one pho I ever had which wasn't even Pho Huang on Pastuer Street in HCMC.  A street vendor in Vietnam made spectacular pho, I couldn't believe it.  I slurped it up with joy while seated on a bucket with another bucket as my table. Pho 87 is the only place the duplicates that awesome taste but with much nicer seating.  Ignore the negative reviews and get real pho here.  Skip the veggie, unless you must, and the chicken, and go straight for the filet mignon pho.
4	I went to this place with my family during our time in Vegas. When we went through the doors we found the place completely empty, but it really didn't matter. On the counter you can see the different sizes they serve: small, medium, large.. GORILLA. That bowl is bigger than my head, apparently it consist of 2lbs of meat, with the addition of the noodles and broth, I applaud whoever can devour that, you'll probably have a satisfied if not full tummy. I ordered the Oxtail Pho and I have to say it was very very tender. The meat easily slipped off the bone; the broth was delicious too, and the cilantro added in made it very refreshing. I was really full after just having a small bowl. My cousin and I decided to get a drink with boba and it was pretty good, the tapioca balls were soft which is always delightful when you're having bubble tea. The lady that greeted has quite an interesting sense of humor, and when one of my relative's order came really late she gave us spring rolls to make up for it. If you walk around the restaurant you can see interesting signs like " Hello friends, if our food, drinks, or service are not up to your standards, please lower your standards." or " Chopstick casualties!!! Please use it for eating only, not to be use for poking noses, eyes, or for music instruments. Besides it's considered bad luck to play with chopsticks."
4	Yummy Oxtail pho and lobster fried rice! Hidden spot
5	My friend and I love to go to china town to eat.  Usually we stay in the heart of it however we heard great things about this place and decided to go.  I had the soup with meatballs and filet.  Have to say it was great.   Noodles were not overcooked, just enough seasoning, and the meat was tender.   I would for sure return.
1	This place has big portions, which explains their higher priced menu.  This place is hard to miss, but with the five signs out on the front...  how can you miss this place.  When you go inside you will notice pink sheets of paper with signs stating, "Only order water if you are going to drink it."  and "If our service isn't up to your standards, you should lower them."  Sarcasm at it's best.  So I ordered Pho Ga one time and the owner brought out Pho Tai.  She told me she thought I said, "Pho Tai."   She got upset at me and told me to never speak Vietnamese because I can't speak it.    Wow!  I was somewhat shocked at the service.  I tried to abide by the sign and lower my standards.  The pho bowls are big.  The broth is okay...  the noodles are not the typical noodles that you will find at other pho restaurants.  I decided to give this place another shot.  I forgot how hot it was in there.  The restaurant is big with a weak air conditioner.  There are fans on top of tables to keep you cool, but to make sure your pho stays hot.I took my friend here and she harrassed him too.  Questioned the way he ate his Pho and told him that he shouldn't put Chinese Ketchup (Hoison) because it ruins the broth.  She also asked him where he usually goes, and she mentioned that her restaurant was better. She didn't stop to comment once either. She came back every couple of minutes to see what he thought about the pho. After leaving, I apologized to my friend and said I don't plan on coming back. If you like big portions...  they definitely have big portions.  If you don't care about the kind of noodles, this place is ok.  If you want to lower your standards in Las Vegas or wherever you are from, you can come here and take pictures of the signs and post them on your wall.Pho - 2 starsService - Lowered the standard to 1Outside Sign Arrangement and Decor -1
3	We tried out this place last week.  It is a bit out of the way even for the places in "Chinatown".  The place was completely empty and we know why!  There was no air conditioning!  This was insane for a place in Las Vegas that serves HOT Soup!  How is one suppose to enjoy a bowl of Pho when it is literally almost 90 degrees inside!  They did have a bunch of portable fans spread throughout the restaurant but they did nothing but circulate the hot air.The Pho had great flavors and there was a very generous portion of meat.  The bowl sizes are also very large.  We ordered the medium and could hardly put a dent in it.  (mainly because we were drenched in sweat before the soup even came out).   The food was pretty good considering.We would try this place again, maybe in the dead of winter or if they get some air conditioning.
2	thanks a lot cousin....tried this place cause cousin said it was good..like REALLY good and they had a segement on a food show (forgot which one)place is in a plaza and the restaurant is pretty cute, had all these lil notes on the wallOrdered tripe and steak pho and the soup is pretty good...NOT super bomb but it was definitely good for the moment since i havent had an asian meal for couple of days...the beef was a lil tough? tripe was good....the portion was a lil smaller than im used to, i had to eat some from the large bowl's order....This is the part that got me and makes me never wanna come back....there was a SMALL ass cockroach in one of the orders....and it wasnt there on top waiting to get noticed! it was drowned IN the noodle for quite some time....and i was eating from that bowl...i almost gagged!  Hey, im from chinatown and i know im used to seeing that but still!so we told the hostess/owner/whoever she was, and she looked like WOW...and she didnt apologized! she just looked at it and was like no and took our chopsticks to the kitchen....comes back! and said she doesnt know how it got there and that they were cleaned....lady, its fine....shit happens ok...but damn....dont give me this whole speech about its not impossible and blah blah....its ok! but the fact is i asked her if she could just comp the order or something, she didnt seem like she wanted to budge and she offers us $5 off....no offense,....$5 off? lady...there was a cockroach in the bowl for quite some time and you think $5 will suffice?! i seen better deals from 5 stars restaurant...and i know this restaurant has a reputation to uphold since it was on tv...never again...
1	I dont know how this restaurant still open. Its absolutely beyond me. The whole place is absurd. I came early in the morning trying to get my fix on pho while trying to find out whats the fuss is all about with that big sign in the front, "featured on food network tv".Without that sign, I dont think anyone would even come in honestly. We ordered some egg rolls and the egg rolls were bad, totally bad inside, tasted so sour and greasy. Absolutely bad.The soup were ok and the rice was bland and unappetising. The service was horrible and there are no other customer in the restaurant. I dont know how this place even pass a food network channel. Its absolutely beyond me. If you decided to come in just because you saw the sign. Heed my words. STAY AWAY!!
5	By far the BEST place I've gone to for Pho, saw these guys on Food Network and thought I'd drop by and see what they have to offer. My golly they did not disappoint me at all. Such great friendly service and such amazing tasty food... but my favorite was their Tai Tea! it was THE BEST Tai Tea I have EVER had.
5	The oxtail soup was different. It was a broth rather than stew. The broth was very good. The meat fell right off the bone. If your looking for something you would get from The Californian, your not going to find it here. The one at the casino is stew and this is made with broth. Both are very good. It's whatever you prefer...The pork friend rice was also good. I don't know what the bad reviews are about the service but our server was very nice. She even told us some history about when the basil leaves and bean sprouts were introduced to pho. I highly recommend this place. I like that they don't give you tap water.
2	The Food Network sign fooled me too. $9 for 6 egg rolls. $7 the small sized bowl of pho. Am I at a Vietnamese place? The owner had a wry sense of humor, as evidenced by the signs on the wall. I appreciate her trying to joke around with us. That didn't make the pho taste any better. I couldn't smell any of the spices in the pho. It tasted like canned beef broth with meat and noodles. It wasn't mediocre pho; it was outright bland, tasteless pho. We were also overcharged by $10. The owner said she made a mistake and made some joke about being the only Asian to ever fail math. It seemed a little suspicious to me that she was able to write the correct sum of our charges, but when she added the $4 tax, it somehow became a $14 tax. I'll give her the benefit of doubt, but I'd scrutinize my receipt if I were you.Won't be returning.
5	Thanks, Pho 87!
5	I had the egg roll with pickled radish and carrot and lettuce leaves to wrap it in, it was the best incarnation of a fried spring roll that I have ever had.I ordered a beef and shrimp vermicelli bowl, which had scallion, peanuts, lettuce, carrot, radish and big serving of each component. By boyfriend and I shared this meal and were stuffed. It was absolutely the best I have had.Didn't have the pho, will get that next time.Loved the owner, if you are cool and smart, she is too.But she's an herbalist grows their stuff fresh.Can't wait to go back
4	This place took over a nice, little Chinese buffet I used to eat at. It has now become a sketchy, dusty , dirty looking Vietnamese place. Empty parking lot, cockroach filled trash can outside, creepy bathroom, & practically no customers. The lady who served us was almost too friendly, but nice. I dont know if it was because I didnt eat a real meal all day, but suprisingy, this gave me the best pho tai Ive ever tasted. The flavor was really good. Pricey for a small bowl, but filling & tasty. Definitely one of those times where I wanted to taste more but I was full half-way through already. However, because of the sketchy venue & dusty interior dining, I dont know when Ill be back. Ps- sesame balls at the end are yummy!
2	So so Pho and super unfriendly service.  Definitely better places to go in Vegas.
4	This place is pretty legit!  I went here while visiting some friend in Vegas.  This place offers three sizes of pho: small, medium (the large size in LA), and large which I can only imagine is huge!  The prices are decent, not as cheap as in LA but it's understandable.  The service is great!  The owner is the one that serves the food and she makes sure that you have everything you need, if you need anything you just let her know and she gets it to you right away.  My friends asked for hot tea and owner brought out red bean because she recommended it and my friends said it was tasty!  They also have small bowls so that you can share your soup with the little ones in your party.  I was looking at the walls and I noticed that they awarded someone with a check for $1250 for finishing "Pho-zilla" which I can only imagine is a gigantic bowl of pho.
4	Let me begin by clearing one thing upfront. First of all, Pho 87 deserves 5 stars with its pho. The pho has quality ingredients and you can taste it in the broth. This is NOT a watered down pho with water like many competitors up the street on Spring Mt, or any other part of Chinatown. THIS IS THE PHO you will eat at someone's home when they have spent hrs in the kitchen making it!Pho 87 uses the right ingredients to make the pho of choice. The meat is NOT cheap , greasy cuts of meat like other pho places, Their pcs of meat are delicious!! I have been going here after my manicurist recommended it (he is from Vietnam). When you have someone who knows their pho recommending it, it better be good!! 'Every week at 10:30 a.m. I'm stopping by to have my pho here. I love it and make sure I have a light breakfast to eat the pho weekly. It's delicious and you will keep coming back. Now, why the 4 stars? because of it's decor. The food gets a 5, but the storage piled up at the back of the restaurant can be improved. That is why I gave it a 4. No one wants to look at a storage facility next to their table or tables. It makes the place disorganized for sure. That is why I gave it that rating. If you can ignore that and just eat your food, you may give it a 5! As a whole, the place deserves all the starts because the staff is friendly and they actually talk to you! You matter, and they take the time to talk to its customers- that is another reason why I keep coming back,. They were also featured of the Food Network as one of the best places in America to have the best pho! I almost had forgotten to add that. :)
5	After driving past Pho 87 for many months, I decided to read the yelp reviews of this establishment.  I was a bit skeptical about the reviews, relating to how great everyone felt the food was.  After all it's just Pho.  I have to admit I completely underestimated the food, as well as the atmosphere.  I was expecting a tiny dingy restaurant.  What I found was a very nice, clean restaurant, with attentive staff and outstanding dishes.  The menu is fairly limited to Pho and noodle style dishes, but the depth of flavors in the food made me wonder why it had taken me so long to walk in these doors.  I had eaten a late lunch and was not really hungry, but decided to accompany my family to Pho 87 to "have a drink and watch them eat".  When we arrived I decided to order a noodle dish with egg roll and pork in it, and thought I'd enjoy leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  The meal was $9.00 which was on the high end of the menu prices.Once I started eating, I couldn't put my chop sticks down until I was at the bottom of a very large bowl of veggies, spices, fish sauce, pork, egg roll (I also added a bit of hot sauce to the equation).  If the bowl was larger (which I am glad it was not), I would have continued to eat more even though I was not hungry walking in the door.The other three people I was with each ordered differing Pho dishes (The medium bowl is a very large portion).  I saw the bottom of all of their bowls, as well as the smiles on their teeth.If you are a fan of Viet Nam food (or is it Phood), you should add this to your list of "lets give this a try" places.
1	Saw the billboard and decided to go in and try their pho.  My husband and I decided to split a medium bowl of pho, spring rolls and egg rolls and when we ordered it the lady which we think is the owner/server gave us a look like we're crazy for sharing and started commenting about asian specially vietnamese DO NOT share pho and my husband who's white made a funny comment that we would like to share it because we're not asian!  Well, I'm filipino (100%) and so my husband made that comment to be funny and the server looked at me and said oh that's why I married my white husband because I'm not asian, I took this very offensive and then when we're done I asked her for a to go box and she again made a sarcastic comment abut bringing left over home!  Very RUDE and TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Food is nothing special for me to come back!  I think the owner forgot that there are a lot of Vietnamese restaurant in the valley that she's competing with! Definitely a mistake and waste of money trying out this place.  I will have to just go back and stick with PHO KIM LONG!
5	Great place.  Pho with brisket and tendon.  The broth is very good, the meat is also very good quality, and a lot of it, and it is cut very fine and nicely, and the noodles are very good too.  I was surprised how good it was because I am usually disappointed by hyped up places.  I also tried the oxtail pho and it was pretty good too, but my favorite was the first.  And the owner is an original and funny character all right.   I like her offbeat sense of humor.
1	I would go there at least once a week and always order 1 or 2 items to go over the phone.  The last time I ate from there,  I ordered the combination pho which has raw meat and cooked meat, when I got home, I noticed that I was missing the cooked meat,  no problem I thought since I'm not that far away I'll call and have my wife pick up the rest of the order while I started to eat....BIG MISTAKE...the owner or server who ever she is,  got very upset she asked me to take the whole thing back, which was strange because aside from her constant nagging about the condiments and that people don't know how to eat pho she was usually very nice and even remembered my name ,  I guess she had forgotten that the previous time I went there she discovered herself that some of the meat was missing when she checked my order.  She was very rude to my wife, and gave her the same nagging about people putting hoisan sauce on their pho, and basically called me a liar about the order not being complete.  I just wanted what I paid for, and I would have rather paid for the "extra" meat rather than go through the inconvenience of having to drive back.  If you read all this I take it that you want some advice, so here it is....if you like pho and don't mind being disrespected and treated rudely then enjoy.  Other wise  contrary to what the owner or counter lady may claim there are better places out there.  I like Saigon 8.  If you don't believe how rude this lady can be and still want to eat there, I dare you to put some hoisan sauce in your  broth in front of her.  Lol... All joking aside she has lost my business.
4	good pho. good ice coffee. lousy service. try ox tail pho. as good as italian ossobuco or better
4	Official!!!!
1	Horrible.  Pho challenge is a hoax.  You only have 33 minutes to complete what only a professional eatercould do.  They changed rules and made up rules as we went along.
4	This place has really delicious oxtail pho!! very flavorful. I was super full after devouring a small bowl. The lady owner was hilarious! You gotta have a good sense of humor to understand hers. =) Read the quotes on the wall. Its quite funny. And my friend told me there's a play pen for kids. Interesting! haha
1	Food network you really f**ked up this time. The service was bad, what kind of waiter says you look for me when you ready?!?!? Their water taste sucks, it seems like They were trying to cover up the taste with lime. The noodles were nothing special, same as all the other Pho places. Pretty empty for a restaurant place. The a/c doesn't work  so its hot as hell in there and the bathroom is out of order! They posted a sign telling us to go use a palm tree....wtf?!?!?!? Never coming back! Don't bother to waste your time or money here!!!!
2	WHAT THE PHO!I tried this place out months ago and I didnt think it deserved a review. The only reason why im doing this now is because I had a what I thought was a weird dream until I woke up and realized it was a nightmare!Bare with me. So here's my my Nightmare on Pho Street. Me and my wife just happen to be driving down Jones Blvd wondering what to eat for dinner. We see the sign that they were on the food network. Can't go wrong with that right? So we mosy on in and see that it is a nice sized restaurant. I see plenty of tables but only see one person eating soup by herself. Weird because it was around 6:30 dinner time. Out of nowhere this old crazy lookin lady sits us down. I look at the menu and wonder if the prices were in Vietnamese knowing that the US dollar has slipped a little bit. So im thinkin a small bowl of pho and a small bowl of oxtail soup wasnt gonna max out my credit card. All the while the old asian lady was throwing out suggestions like an announcer at a horse track only with a heavy asian accent. "You want try eggrolls?" No thanks. "How bout spring rolls?" No thanks. "You want order drink?" No thanks just water. "You wanna no soda?" Just water.So off she went to go submit our order. I don't know if she was mad or if it was normal because it sounded like she was having some sort of argument with what I assume was the cook. After about 8 minutes she brought out our food. My wife was in the bathroom at the time so I decided to to take the opportunity to photograph our food. All of a sudden the asian lady comes out of nowhere and says "What you doing? You should eat the soup right away. It's good hot!" I explained to her that I was about to take a picture and that I was waiting for my wife to come back. She just gave a "I don't understand confused look." The two stars are for the pho and oxtail soup. I thought it was tasty BUT that's the only positive thing. Since we both ordered small bowls, we weren't hungry any more but at the same time we could have eaten more. Kinda pricey for small bowls too. That and the "Hurry up and buy!" attitude of the old asian lady did not help either. Im not makin fun of her. All that I described was what actually happened.So I guess you can say she was Freddy Krueger and we were the hapless sleeping victims. I don't think I will be coming back. If you want good Pho place at decent prices and better service, I recommend Pho So 1. That's my go to Pho place.
1	Yelp really needs to allow negative ratings.I've been there a total of three times now. The lady watiress/owner, from the first time she TALKED, I already knew she was a rude one. However, it's an Asian place so it's expected. So I ignored her attitude, ignored her snide/not-so-funny comments, and just ate my food because that's what I went for. Plus I always go with a group of 6 or more people so I always have my friends to chat with and make jokes with. That way, her little signs of lowering my standards won't be so annoying. But our recent trip was, by far, the worst. THE WORST. I don't think I've ever been treated this poorly in any Asian restaurant. And trust me, I've been to plenty. I wasn't really feeling all that well and that's why my friends were willing to go to pho instead of the originally planned ramen shop. Bad idea. I think my stomach would've preferred the thick ramen soup. The wait for water/soda: 40+ minutesThe wait for pho: 1 hour and then someThe wait for the food was so long that my stomach had begun hurting before the food got here. And even when the food DID get here, the food did not help cause the damage was already done. So instead of sitting back and relaxing in contentment of a full stomach, I was busy cringing in pain. Who the shit serves pho an hour after the order? So my boyfriend brought me a bottle of vitamin c tablets for me to take prior to everything. It was a new bottle, so all the plastic wrapping and cotton inside was put on the table cause where else are we going to put it? So what did the owner say when she took our orders?"CLEAN UP YOUR MESS PLEASE."THE FUCK, LADY? You think YOU won't have to clean up the mess AFTER we eat? Or what? We eat and WE CLEAN the TABLE FOR YOU BEFORE WE GO? The shit?Needless to say, we didn't tip much and got a sarcastic comment from her because of it. "THANKS FOR THE HUGE TIP!! You're so GENEROUS!" Then she repeated it as we were walking out the door. Why do I have to tip you if you're going to take an hour to bring out pho? ONE HOUR. ONE HOUR. ONE HOUR. LET ME REPEAT. ONE HOUR. I normally can get in and out of a restaurant in one hour, not wait for water and food for an hour. Oh, the food wasn't anything that special either.But yeah, I suppose you can blame us for not leaving asap but I was trying to not to be rude to people and in front of my friends. Normally I don't have a problem with waiting cause we're in a big group and we always have a lot to talk about but this was a little bit too much. It was one of those:Hey, it's a lil long but maybe it'll be here soon. .. toWe've already been here this long -_- might as well.
3	Since yelp doesn't offer half stars I'd give it a 3.5 stars.  Not as bad as all the reviewers say.  The place isn't as dirty as some say.  It is a bit messy and the bathrooms aren't any worse than some fast food joints. The pho is what brought me here and I throughly enjoyed it.  Try getting something for $8 that's healthy for you.  #1 combo at McD costs you $6.50 and that comes with bloating.
3	Saw all the negative reviews after I came in, but before I ordered. Hmmm... My experience was quite different. Was met at the door by a regular who recommended the oxtail soup. Saw several Vietnamese patrons, which is always a good sign. The restaurant is clean and bright (but they need to fix the AC). Signs throughout are funny. Waitress was personable, too. Abrupt, business-like, but still able to joke with us.Food: great. Yes, the service was glacial, but sometimes good things are worth waiting for. I ordered a small seafood pho soup, and had enough left over for another entire meal to take home for later (and it was just as good later). Jim finished his, but was pretty slow towards the end.  I asked for extra cilantro, and got it with the meal. Fresh basil, sprouts - all the fixins of a good soup experience. The spring rolls were yummy, too. We'll be back to try more.
3	This place is...strange.  It seems like the owners sleep in the restaurant, as there were some baby toys in the lefthand corner when you walk in, and in another corner with no chairs or tables set up, there was an older man laid out on some chairs, sleeping.  There was also what looked to be a shut down bar that was all taped up in the back of the restaurant.  So.  This is not really your super nice place to take the in-laws, fyi.That being said, the food here is decent.  I would have only given it 3 stars but for the fact that I am a summer roll addict (the kind with both shrimp AND pork), and this place has some pretty tasty summer rolls.  The peanut sauce that comes with them is not cloyingly sweet like most other peanut sauces, and even though I usually eat my summer rolls with sriracha (another addiction of mine), I actually liked their peanut sauce so much I ate it.   Also, the pork inside of the summer rolls is nicely grilled and seasoned, which I prefer much to the dry-ish pork that a lot of other places used (not the patty kind that has the texture of bologna - I like that one!).  One last thing- (and yes I realize I just spent a paragraph talking about summer rolls), the price is a bit steeper than other places, but that's because they give you 3 (albeit pretty small) rolls, instead of the standard 2.  As for the pho, it was pretty good.  I noticed that in vegas, most of the pho places (and I've tried many of them) don't have that oily soup that you see in a lot of places in la (you know, where you can see the oil circles floating at the top of the soup), but pho 87's broth is like that - richer and oilier.  And the flavor is pretty nice too, it definitely didn't taste like your average joe schmo beef stock.  So if you like that style of broth, then this is probably the place for you.  Also, if you're the kind of person who cares about this stuff, they give you real chopsticks and not disposable ones, and heavily lime their waters (take that as you will).  Overall, I'd say you should try this place if the greasy big-stinky-burp-after-meal pho broth is what floast your boat.
5	Hmm....where do I even begin...I found out about this place because of Food Network...as it was the only PHO PLACE to ever be featured on the food network. In addition, it was one the FEW pho places to have a PHO CHALLENGE. I was a big FOODIE/MAN vs. Food wanna-be, so I was huge on FOOD CHALLENGES or LARGE PORTIONS OF FOOD.The restaurant and location was very easy to spot, it had the freakin FOOD NETWORK advertisement on it too!Upon arrival, the first couple of things that you would see were the different sizes of the bowls they had owned and the huge grand prized check for winning the pho challenge. Let me tell you...THE PHO CHALLENGE BOWL IS HUGE...and to knowledge...there has ONLY been ONE PERSON to EVER finish the CHALLENGE...which I find is slightly incorrect. IF THE INCREDIBLE HULK WERE TO ORDER A BOWL OF PHO...it would be that! The thing that surprised me the most was that the person who finished the challenge was a normal sized, non-obese, asian female. WEIRD RIGHT? Either this female had some amazing swallowing attributes or that the people in VEGAS just arent into food challenges.Going onto the food, this place isnt your ordinary PHO place...it is quite pricey...but pricey for a GUUD reason. Ok, I understand that paying $15 for an XL large is insane, but hey....the food was guud, very enjoyable, more bang for your buck aka LARGE portions...and plus...everything (or most things) in VEGAS are expensiveThey also had FILET MIGNON pho...i think it was priced near a$100?? and the WHITE BOY SPECIAL (chicken pho) which gave me a chuckle when I read the label.The noodles at this location were different. The noodles were still rice noodles, but THICKER! Never had them this thick before, but they still tasted awesome. Its always nice to have something new. The soup....THE BEST THAT IVE EVER HAD! Something about this place just made the soup very enjoyable and made my stomach extremely happy. The taste, the flavor, the color were all indescribable...indescribable in a guud way!OVERALL...I REALLY love this place and I WILL ALWAYS VISIT THIS PLACE ONCE WHILE IM IN LAS VEGAS. This is my go to spot and it is my HANGOVER CURE after a crazy weekend.VERY WELL RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
1	I normally dont like to write a bad review but this place warrants it.  The food was terrible!! The service was even worst!!!  We were seated immediatly cause we were the only ones there and it went down hill from there.  It took bout 10 minutes for them to come back with water and another 10 minutes before they even took the order.  I ordered pho of course and some of my friends did as well. 20 minutes later they come out with the food and of course one of the server spills my bowl over a friend of mine. I was willing to look past all this if the food was great...it wasnt to say the least.  Worst tasting pho i've ever eaten, it was even hot. The vietnamese food in vegas is horrible compared to LA and this place is by far the worst of them all.  Just to add the final nail in the coffin here but this place is much more expensive then other pho places are around.  My bill was over 100 bucks for 8 people which is expensive for pho.
1	This place deserves a negative review!My friends and I came here a couple weeks ago just to take on the challenge of Pho-Zilla. I have to say they've cheated us by over filling the bowl with Pho, very little meat and hardly any broth. Not to mentioned the service was worse.When they brought the bowl out, we knew it looked nothing like what we saw here on Yelp from the previous reviews of Pho-Zilla. The bowl looked like crap and we rather pay the $35 than to be grossed out or get sick from eating it.Save your money and go to a different Pho restaurant where they have better Pho and serve you better!
1	We were craving pho one night, saw their large billboard off of the 15, and decided to try this place out. We walked in, and the owner/waitress (?) seated us at a dirty table. No problem, we simply moved to a different one. We were so excited to order their oxtail soup! We haven't found a restaurant that serves it out here in Vegas yet. We started off our order with an oxtail soup, and informed her that we were going to share it. This was before our sister even ordered.Now, just to preface this, we have been sharing meals for YEARS. Entrees at restaurants are usually too large for us, so we like to share an entree and an appetizer. Her response? "I don't recommend." Huh?"I don't recommend you share.""We always share.""It's too good to share.""Uhh...that's exactly why we want to share.""No, something about the temperature. Too good to share."We upped and left. I don't like giving establishments one stars, ever. If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all, especially when it affects someone's business. After all, my mom owns a small restaurant, so I'm sentimental to the hardships of running a restaurant and usually let things slide. But are you kidding me? Too good to share? No lie, this will go down as a restaurant horror story that we will never forget.
1	The service was poor and the soup was salty. $10 bowls of Pho should taste better than that.
4	Many people are complaining about the service and if you are not used to quirky, sarcastic and slightly rude humor then this may not be the place for you.   You'll quickly find out what I mean when you enter Pho 87 and see all of their brilliantly placed signs and complete random additions such as kid toys and tables selling bs multi-level pyramid marketing schemes although Ii doubt they have any success.The server/manager is a piece of work and when you ask questions about the items, she is extremely matter of fact and may come off as being rude. We asked for a separate bowl to split our pho and rather than just oblige she gave some bs reasons why she wouldn't do it.  In any other place I would be pissed off but again after seeing all the signs and reading reviews I understood and got it.This is like the Dick's Last Resort of Pho......or the manager is a pure marketing genius pawning her food challenges and rude service to lure people in.  Hey - it worked for me!The Ox Tail pho was really good.  The noodles were northern style, thick and girthy to supplement the richness and oils from the soup which was not like Pho So 1's watered down soup.   The Bun Thit Nuong was not very good nor was their ice tea.   I wish the Ox Tail soup had a little more Ox Tail - take notes from the California......but overall this place is interesting to say the least and the Ox Tail Pho was delicious so I will be back!
3	Whenever I have to get my car fixed, I always pass by this place and have an urge to try it. One day I walked in and thought it would be vibrant and full of customers. Turns out, there were only less than ten customers with just one waitress. As I was waiting to be seated, I noticed that they were on Food Network and I thought they must be amazing. The customer service was a little rude and the spring rolls were okay. I ordered a small pho with grilled pork and I couldn't finish it because it was chewy and salty. The Pho was okay but it wasn't the best. Maybe I came at the wrong time. I would say if you want to give this place a try, maybe try going at night. You might have a better experience than I did.
5	My friend and had a fabulous meal at Pho 87. Amazing food, the lady who helped us was incredibly friendly and polite. It was a slow afternoon so we were able to have a nice conversation with her and she gave us some pho eating tips since we are new to the pho scene. Best I've had in Las Vegas by far! We drove 30 minutes past 4 other pho restaurants to get there and I'd gladly drive further. All you idiots who complain about this place and leave bad reviews can take a ride on my suck stick! Pho 87 is the best!!
5	My husband and I ALWAYS go to Pho 87 and THIS IS THE B E S T  pho in town. We already try different places and ALWAYS go back to pho 87.The manager/owner is really nice, funny and make sure everybody is well served. Everytime we want pho, this is the ONLY place we goA W E S O M E
1	Food & service: bland. Atmosphere: awful.
1	Worst fucken place ever to eat at overprice food Small bowl of pho was 10 dollars  We got overcharge The water sucks it taste like tap waterAnd the restaurant itself is so fucken dead not one soul in thereThe bathroom an kitchen area smell like shit!!!!!We didn't even get a receipt and automatically said it was 24 dollar when we only had 2 plates of food one was 7 and the other was 10 and 2 cups of water That's like 7 dollars worth of taxes like wtf!!!!
1	We tried it for the first time and definitely would not come back.  We were there around 6 and we were the only ones there.  We asked for ice water even before we sat down, but didn't get it until we asked for it again.  The waitress brought us the menus and came back within a minute to take our order; she stood there waiting for us as we perused the menu.  We asked her to come back and she did so twice.  She was very impatient!  It was so expensive that I wanted to walk out, but my husband would not do so.  The menu items were so limited and the price was so expensive.  So we ordered.  We finished our water so quickly, but never got a refill.  After taking our order, she pretty much ignored us until we got her attention when we were ready to pay.  She was mostly reading her newspaper and watching TV.We saw that she and her young daughter, probably around 8sh, were preparing our ice water.  The daughter helped to bring it over to our table.  About 10 minutes later, our food came out.  The veggies dish for pho was so small compared to other places we've been at.  The bowl of pho was so small that my young son ate the whole bowl by himself.  The pork fried rice didn't look that good, just rice, some pork, and green onion; it was the worst fried rice I've had.When we're ready to pay, we tried to make contact with the owner/waitress, but she didn't bother looking up, but kept reading her newspaper.  My husband walked up to the counter and finally got her attention 5 minutes later.  He left her some tip.  I said no tip, but he persisted and she got her tip.I was shocked that on the menu, they stated, "If you don't like the service, lower your standards."  Really!?  The service definitely has much to be desired.  No wonder no customer was patronizing it.  The place was very cluttered, with stuff everywhere.
5	The Thai teas were large and good! The spring rolls, I liked ..they had some kind of meat and mushroom. Not sure I was pretty baked ;) so everything tastes good! There wasn't the traditional peanut sauce I like so much that usually comes with it but the other sauces they served were really good. The Pho was tasty. I see a lot of comments that it was bland, but then you spice it up with the different stuff they provide.The owner's sense of humor to me was ridiculously funny but I can see how people may not appreciate it. No one should be told how to order or how to eat but I think she is trying to be a "professional in her field" and could come off as pushy if you  know what you like. Plus, I have had it before and know how to slurp down this soup...don't need directions for that. Still, I do not think this person is ill-intended but trying to be helpful and funny.I'd go back for sure. It's close, it's fast, and the soup was hot. Don't knit pick the other stuff or you'll always be disappointed wherever you go...or most places you go....My best to Pho87. A for effort.Paula
5	Best Pho I've ever had in any state, and with no MSG.  Very flavorful and meticulously made.  I can understand why some of the other reviews felt that the service rubbed them the wrong way.  The owner is forthright and straight forward, and that is quite intimidating for many Contemporary Americans.  This place is not for the masses.  It's for those that want something special, and who can appreciate it.
1	Saw the billboard and went there -- worst idea. The bowl was filled with so much noodles and tasted like rubber. The price was outrageous. I've never spent that much for any pho and it didn't even taste good. If you are looking for good pho, don't go here ever. This is your WARNING. The only good thing I could say is the staff are friendly.
1	Having seen this place on TV, I always wanted to try this place.  We walked in at lunchtime on a Friday afternoon and saw only 3-tables occupied which should have been the first sign.  My son wanted a sandwich so we asked what I believe was the owner if she had any on the menu.  She replied "we only sell pho, best in the world."  OK, so my wife and I order the combination pho, meat outside.  One size bowl for $9, which in my eyes is highway robbery.  She wanted to charge $2 per person extra for the meat outside!  My son ended up eating chicken fried rice.Food comes and no meat outside and none of the standard meatballs inside.  The fried rice was tasteless.  As for the pho?  Hardly the best in the world!  The rice noodles were the wide thai variety noodles and not the standard thin noodles.  The noodles were not cooked through.  The broth was just "OK."  Very little vegetables to add to the pho.  Even the water tasted funny.The bill comes and we get charged for the meat outside even though they didn't bring it out to us.  Very pricey for sub-standard food.  To claim she has the best pho in the world is very gutsy when it is not.  She should take a vacation to Hawaii and eat at Hong Cafe in Chinatown to taste what real pho is all about.  There are even signs posted in the restaurant asking it's customers to let the LVRJ that it should be included in the "best of" rankings when obviously they didn't make the list.  I wonder why?  Save your money and eat elsewhere!
4	The signs around the place are so sassy but that was what I loved most about it. #24 and #3 are amazing. Their summer rolls was actually pretty well seasoned. Definitely worth checking out if you love vietnamese!
5	We come here once a week as the Pho is that good.  Not only an amazing Hangover cure, but the Thai teas are a great pick me up and the pork & shrimp spring rolls w/ peanut (& plum) sauce are out of this world.  I hooked my co-worker onto this place in one visit.  We've been back 3x in two weeks.  The food always comes out consistently delicious.Don't come here expecting a diverse menu.  Come here for the Best Pho in Vegas.
5	The most amazing pho. Fully customizable with a very tasty beef broth. High end meet like Kobe filet mignon and rib eye available. The owner Mia is pretty witty and sharp as well. Definitely must try
5	Love the pho love the service! I was recommended by a friend and I am not disappointed!! Will definitely come back again!
3	Best Pho broth I've ever tasted.. well done!The menu here isn't as wide as other Vietnamese restaurants.. it seems like they want to concentrate mostly on their Pho selections. I don't blame them, it's some amazing soup. A little overpriced for Pho, but well worth it. They use fat rice noodles for their soup which filled you up pretty fast. I had a medium-sized bowl and could barely finish it. I definitely prefer the regular sized ones instead. My girlfriend ordered the oxtail Pho.. delicious! The meat was so tender and came off the bone with ease. If you're thinking about doing the challenge, be aware! It's seems pretty impossible if you're not a professional eater. Don't let the pictures fool you, the bowl is gigantic. My friend tried it just for the experience and failed miserably. The noodles continued to soak up the broth making them fatter and fatter over time. By the time he gave up, it looked like he barely started the challenge. The owner will continue to warn and discourage you about this challenge.. I'd take her advice and just enjoy the soup in a regular-sized bowl.The restaurant itself is kind of gross. There's all these random products scattered around tables that the owner is trying to sell. The back area headed towards the bathroom is filthy and disgusting. There's crap everywhere and the bathroom area smelled like straight sewage. It kind of makes me nervous about what I'm eating. I'm afraid to know what the kitchen area looks like. I would give them a high rating based on just the food, but overall.. 3 stars seems appropriate.
4	The people who complain about this place obviously have no sense of humor. This place is decent. The vermicelli with beef is amazing and the pho is pretty decent, we've had better but it's very fresh! The owner is hilarious! I would come back :)
5	I was going to order the phozilla challenge, but I was talked out if it by the owner which was good honest advice.  After a long night of club crawl, the pho would treat any ailment like....let's say hangover.I got the large bowl of pho for $17 enough to feed two, but I was able to finish it.  The broth was good and had good taste.  I especially like the owner stopping be each table to greet us.  A++ for hospitality and food.  We paid out bill and left to our car, realizing that we locked our keys and had to return to the restaurant to cool off from Vegas weather.  She welcomed us back with water, free dessert, free fruits to taste.  I recommend this place.  Pho87 scheduled to open in Paris casino next year.
1	My bf and I went to Pho 87 on Friday at noon before heading back to the bay area.We were shocked at the price for a bowl of pho---$9.50 for some and others were more than $10, but decided hesitantly to give it a try. There was nothing special about the soup and there was not much beef in my bowl. The pho was served with thick noodles which we didn't like because it was hard to pick up with chopsticks and it soaked up the broth. After checking out Yelp reviews later, I read that the soup comes in 3 sizes. We didn't see the bowl size options on the menu nor were we asked by the waitress. That was misleading because I don't know which size bowls our soup came in, but we were charged a total of $20.60. That's the most we've ever paid for two bowls of pho. It's ridiculous when pho cost just as much or more than prime rib in Las Vegas.Also, Bf went into the bathroom and said that it was dirty and smelly.
4	ALL the reviews are correct. The place is dark the owner is rude but she thinks she's funny. She calls herself the Food Nazi. BUT I have "The White Boys Special" when I'm there and its great.The back of the menu says that if they don't meet your standard, to lower your standards because you have to pay anyway. Friend went there with some of his friends and there was a cock roach in the Pepsi. She refused to do anything about it and actually told him not to come back. If that happens to me Pepsi & Pho go on floor. So basically shit service but good food
3	A small pho here is just like a large compare to the other pho restaurants. just avoid the lady who works there. you will know what i mean..lol
5	I still really like this place - and the owner cracks me up.  She's got a wicked sense of humor.
5	Quality meat and thick pho noodles (my favorite kind of noodles) and the soup barely needs hoisin sauce and the small size was large! It was delish and the owner Mia is very sarcastic, soooo funny, not like how people described her here on yelp lol.
3	Finally tried the relatively famous Pho 87!  Gave two different bowls a chance to impress!Started off with the Oxtail Pho. This was around $12 if I remember correctly...but DELICIOUS! Easily the best Oxtail Pho I've had before.  The meat was super tender and soaked up lots of flavor. Complimented well by all the oil in the soup!Speaking of oil...the Pho Tai is LOADED with it. There is a TON of oil in the broth...so it did have flavor, but it was also super oily.  I don't think I have ever seen that much before in Pho (attached a pic for reference)!  It was about $10 and the portion size is a bit small considering the price.  Since the prices are high, portions are small, and the pho tai didn't impress...I doubt I will be back.  Unless I was ordering the Oxtail pho of course!Pics :
1	If you want to pay $10 for a small bowl of noodles , come here . I still cannot believe a family of 6 each having a bowl of noodles cost $98The place got ok reviews and we thought we would give them a try Never again !
5	The best pho in Vegas! Worth the money and the broth is absolutely amazing! So much meat in it too and customer service is awesome! We just found our new pho place!
5	This place has the same quirks as most Vietnamese/pho restaurants: huge parking lot, cheesy decorations, you could pass it up like a hole in the wall... But don't let that discourage you.  This place is a hidden gem! The place is a little farther from the strip so it's not as busy. The staff is extra friendly and super attentive. They frequently ask if everything's okay or if you need anything. And the pho is what earned this place a 5-star! The Kobe rib eye beef is so tender it basically melts in your mouth!! But they also load it up -- very generous. It's totally worth the $18!I'd highly recommend this place to anyone/everyone.
5	I had a big ol' bowl of oxtail dreaminess.  It took the chill off and it is right up there with the best that I've ever had.Mai - you guys got it right!  I shall return!!!!
5	Yummy spring rolls with fresh mint, mouthwatering pho with brisket and another with the most amazing chicken broth I have ever tasted. This place has set the pho standard very high and now what other places have to beat!  I have been spoiled. Who cares if the person who takes the orders has an opinion - mine is the only one that matters and the food is great.
5	YUM! My wife and I love this place. Yeah its a little "sticky" but its real. The Pho Ga is out of this world and the pork rolls and peanut sauce are to die for.People diss this place but I take all of my kids here and its great.
2	Since we had no other Vietnamese options to choose from close to us, we tried Pho87. Bad idea. I'll keep it short and simple.This place is filthy. It has taped down plastic over areas that were obviously used for buffets. The bathrooms aren't clean, and by looking at my general surroundings I could tell that this establishment needs some serious renovating.For a small bowl of Pho it's pretty expensive and the service was non-existent. We were really the only ones there and it didn't surprise me either. One good thing about this place is the broth is pretty flavorful on its own. You are better off going to Pho Saigon up the street.
4	Best pho in town. They also serve good egg rolls that you eat wrapped in a purplish lettuce leaf that tastes and smells sooo good. I don't know what it is, but I don't have to. For the reviewers that have complained about the cleanliness of the restaurant itself and the restrooms. I can see their point.  However, you should know to never use the restroom in any restaurant unless it is a chain (even then it is iffy) or has Michelin stars. Go before you leave home or wait. Come on people.
5	I am from Southern California and go to Vegas often with the family. Every time we are in town, we go to Pho 87 because I think this place has the best Pho. Better than the Pho place in Westminster in Socal. I am Asian so I know my Pho's. My 10 year old son loves this place and can finish a regular Pho by himself. The lady/owner knows us by now every time we drop by. It wasn't like that in the beginning and we got the soup Nazi treatment like the Seinfeld episodes. They serve the Pho pip in hot with the thick noodles. Below is what you can expect.Pros:* Pip in hot broth.* Very tasty and seasoned well.* Thick noodles.* You can order regular, large or baby bowl if you got kids.Cons:* Place is a hole in wall, aesthetically, your eyes will not be pleased with the place.* No sharing is allowed. Be forewarned, we learned this the hard way in the beginning. You can ask to get a baby bowl and regular or larger bowl. This will bypass the no sharing policy.* Ask for water only if you intend on drinking. Usually I am good with drinking the broth.* If you don't like thick noodles, then this place is not for you. I love the thick noodles.* If you get on the owners bad side, get ready for an entertaining soup Nazi treatment. You will know when this happens when everything you ask is a no. Been there, done that. But I like the lady and we overcame the initial soup Nazi tango.* Did I mention this is a hole in the wall? So don't expect a Michelin star restaurant here folks. If you've been to Asia and ate in hole in the wall places, well this is what you are going to get.In summary, this is best Pho in Vegas. I have tried other Pho's around the Vegas area, but I end up coming back to this place. I have been to many pretentious French and Italian cuisine, steak houses and expensive buffet (Caesar, Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon etc.). I always make sure I drop by here when I am in Vegas. The Pho might be a few dollars more, but you are in Vegas and everything is more. Compared to the expensive restaurants around Vegas, the Pho here is a bargain. If you can't afford to pay a few bucks more for the Pho here, what the heck are you doing in Vegas? The lady is entertaining when she does the soup Nazi No routines and customers are flabbergasted when they can't share... haha! Chill out and order the baby bowl folks. If you can drop a few hundred bucks on slots, black jack poker etc., what's a few extra bucks for Pho! Nuff said!
3	A bit pricey for pho, but the broth is amazing. The tripe is a little overcooked, but you get a lot of it. The pho noodles are thicker, which I love, and slightly undercooked so that they don't get soggy from sitting in the broth while you eat. They have small, medium, and large sizes - pictured is a small and large, and they really pack the goods in each bowl. It's only 3 stars because of the service - we went in for lunch and waited at least 6 minutes before anyone even came out of the kitchen to talk to us. If you're willing to spend money on good pho in Vegas, I definitely recommend this place.
5	I've had Pho at many different places and this is the closest I've come to my Vietnamese friend's little grandmother's homemade pho!! And it's affordable!! I go back every couple weeks!
4	Great  Oxtail Broth.... The only negative thing I would say, staffs a little uninviting....BUT the food here is great so who really cares....
1	First, let me tell you this place not good at all.  The owner advertises that it's the best pho in town and that it's was on the food network.  Maybe 30 years ago when there was no competition, because this doesn't even compare to edible.  It was extremely distasteful.  Unfortunately I live in Orange County and if your not good the competition will take your business away.  So maybe to the average joe who doesn't know what a real good bowl of pho tastes like, then this is your place.  Second, the prices are outrageous.  Take your guest somewhere else.  19 dollars for a small bowl and 25 for a med one and 32 for a large bowl  Go hit the casinos for a much better meal for the same price.i would not recommend this place to my enemy.  Three out of the four of us came back to the hotel with stomach aches.  Chance it if you want, but it's just not worth it.  The last thing that made the night such an eventful time, was the owner.  Rude sarcastic and annoying. At times she was straight disrespectful telling someone if they didn't like it here then go back to the Vietnamese communist and join their regime.  Worse service ever!!!!FYI, when she references the "food network", it wasn't for the great pho or how delicious it tasted.  They were acknowledging the 9 lbs bowl of pho called phozilla.  Google it.
4	"we are soup nazis" was pretty much the first thing our server said. I was interested. It was empty when we arrived but I felt that usually means fast service.  One of the things I noticed on the banner near the back was "buy 3 sandwiches and get 4th free." That's a deal right there.I ordered #22 Medium. Pretty much Pho with everything. I was not disappointed. The broth was seasoned very well. I did not add any other condiments except lime and hot sauce. However, I did not think that I was getting more food that I could eat. I usually order a medium but this bowl just had a lot of food! This medium would probably be a large at other places.  I barely finished 3/4 of the bowl and I was stuffed. The service was entertaining. She came back frequently to check up on us and show us their achievements on various media.
5	I freaking love this place great food good service from the water to check . This is only my second time but you can count on more returns! A+ for sure
2	We went there for che before heading back to SoCal & it was a terrible mistake.  We got served days old che that had been sitting in the glass cabinet.  We gracefully paid for our orders and left the almost untouched che's on the table.
4	This place has pretty good pho. It's almost always empty so there is not wait every time I go. Service is fast and friendly. I love how they have very generous portions of pho because I love noodles. Their large bowls are pretty huge and that makes me very happy.
4	Best pho I've ever had, hands down, coming from Sacramento, I come from a very heavily vietnamese populated area where pho is always readily available but the stuff here takes the cake. It was bomb af and the portions are heavy, I'll definitely come back here and try the phozilla challenge, win that jackpot, baby!!!
4	My husband actually saw this restaurant on the Food Network channel and wanted to try this while we were vacationing in Vegas, so we mapped it and tried it out.The owner/waitress was wayyy too kind! She said 2 things they don't mess with "money or food" and boy was she right. I ordered a small bowl of pho #22 and my husband ordered a medium sized bowl of pho #22. The small bowl of pho was more like a medium sized bowl and the medium sized bowl was like a large. The pho broth had so much flavor that you really didn't need to add much of the hoisin sauce or Siracha sauce to it. 2 bowls of pho (1 small & 1 medium), spring rolls, and iced coffee came out to be almost $50! That was some expensive pho. We're just not used to that in Arizona, but then again we were in Vegas so we expected it. We'll definitely go again the next time we're in Vegas.
3	God Damnit Steven, why didn't we go to the place down the street with that 6 dollar bowl of pho!BTW I'm from garden grove where pho bowls are 3.50 and 24/7Something was wrong when the food runner couldnt speak Vietnamese. Man Where am I suppose to use my broken Vietnamese.Let's start with the most obvious thing about this place, priceBowls start at 10+ for a small which is already a decent size, but if you yelp nearby areas there are pho places with Vietnamese prices. I paid 16 for oxtail pho and I believe it was a medium size bowl? Maybe large I was full but I think i'd be fuller with 3 regular size bowls at other places. The quality wasn't bad, decent amount of meat, ALOT Of bones. Very fatty, yummy. But the point of going off strip is to get cheaper prices. Off the bat, there's a sign telling you to lower your standards, and you have to if you want to enjoy swallowing the price tag. Last time I paid 20 bucks for a bowl of pho is when I tried the Bowl Challenge in Ocean Beach San Diego. They have this pho challenge bowl for like 50 bucks if you don't finish it. I havent see any pictures of anything finishing it so i think its impossible. Kind of dumb that you're not allowed to split it with people. I just want to get that bowl and split it with people, waste of food if you're not allowed to split it... especially if you can't finish it. The owner lady is a little rude. They also have Kobe Beef Pho for 87.87 (wtf? more expensive than the pho challenge) as much as I am tempted to try that I rather just pay 30 for AYCE Kobe Korean BBQ. I think the only reason they're still i business because they have been featured on the food network. Once you're on that shit your restaurant is GOLDEN. TL:DR go somewhere else.
2	Eat here once in your lifetime type of place.The broth is quite tasty, I got the pho thai nam. #24, they gave so much meat but I feel like the experience doesnt account for the overpriced pho. $11 for a small. In LA, its $6-7 For the restaurant...well its quite dirty. It has this ancient carpet and when I tried sliding my cousin her glass of water, it kinda skipped because of some sticky substance on the table. 'Lower your standards' If youre not content with the place, as said on the back of the menu. Their water is tasty though, infused with lime for detoxifying the body.
5	Best pho..  over price? I don't think soo...  11 buck well spent and stead of 8 somewhere else, don't believe me check my post on instagram/dicnai or danaimani
1	Food so. Oxtail broth so so however not sure of it was cooked in the kitchen or bathroom. No other cuatomers. Just me and 400 tables. Bathtoom. Omg. I say again omg. Smells like a dungeon sewer. Under the sink was a cookimg tong in the bathroom. Urinal was broken. Restaurant it self smells horrid. Food way over priced. How this place was featured on the food network is amazing. I would not let my dog eat here.  Yuck.  I could not wait to leave and throw up.
5	We come from Portland where we have a lot of Pho restaurants and we know good pho and bad pho and let me tell you, pho 87 has some damn good pho! Better then our favorite pho spot back home! Our server was very witty and quite the comedian! She had us laughing and having a good time immediately when we walked through the door, never had to ask for refills or for anything that we would need for our meal, everything was presented and ready for us! I highly recommend this place to all pho lovers in Las Vegas!
1	This place is very sucks. $11 for a small tiny ass bowl of pho and they also charge $2 for damn water. I can cook better then them. I called MSG PHO. If you have a choice go to some place in spring mountain.
3	Buddy and I ate here about 10:45 am today.  We both happen to choose # 22 Pho Dac Biet (the Pho special).- $11 listed on the menu was for the small bowl.  It was enough to fill us up for breakfast.  For value, seemed kinda pricey compared to other Vegas Viet places serving Pho.  It was tasty, though.- I'd recommend trying this Pho 87 at least once and pass judgement yourself on if the Food Network chose wisely.  - If I remember correctly: They do have Banh Mi sandwiches at Buy 3, Get 1 free (I think most other Vegas Banh Mi places are Buy 5, Get 1 free).  I think the Banh Mi Dac Biet (sandwich special) was $3.50/ea.  They also have Viet tapioca/jello/desserts with a Buy 2(?), Get 1 free and the prices seemed good for that also.
5	I loved this place!  Might as well have been in Vietnam cause the sandwiches were yummy.  The lady was really cool...called me a "gringo" which was a very nice compliment.  Called my buddy "autistic" but the smart kind of autism and not the "retard" type of autism.  She told me if I eat another Vietnamese scandie that I could go to the pool and girls with fake tits will flock to me.  Long story short...GREAT experience!!!  And great food!
2	I have a very hard time believing this place has been recognized as one of the best places in the city, much less the country. The service was awful - I stood at the door and was completely ignored. When I finally stormed over to the server who was watching tv, I got a water that tasted like it had been scooped out of the toliet. I got a small bowl of pho with brisket. It came out very fast but the meat tasted....odd, the noodles weren't cooked through and the broth was mediocre. Go to Pho Kim Long II - it's cheaper and way better.
4	A little pricy but so worth it. The ox tail broth is flavorful and nourishing. Will buy again
4	4 stars is really generous for this restaurant, but I like the lady. She's definitely quirky. And the restaurant is strange.   The lady talks a lot to convince you to like her food. Plus everything according to her is "amazing!" hah! She's a business owner, though, that's her job. The pho is expensive but tasty. The broth was veeery tasty. I really liked the broth. Another review on here said the broth was clear, but that was absolutely not the case this trip. I was actually going to joke that I don't want to start rumors, but it may be part of the same broth from when they opened, but apparently that's not the case. I did not really care for the noodles though. They were thicker than what I'm used to. Call me a purist, I do like the thinner noodles. The side veggie plate was good quality. They add a TON of stuff to the bowl. That's how she justifies the price. I understand the line of thinking, but I simply can't eat that much, so it's kind of a waste for me to go there knowing I'm going to spend $11 on a bowl that I may not eat all of, and pho doesn't keep well enough to take home, plus I don't totally like it.  The Pho-Zilla, which the food network went there for is three pounds of the noodles and soup. (meat too? I don't remember.)   I went back to try the Vietnamese sandwiches. Eh.. They are not on crispy French bread. It's on some type of roll. It wasn't bad. It was...eh. The quality of the veggies was good, but I know I won't get banh mi there again.    As far as the ambiance, when you walk in, there's stuff that she sells. She doesn't really push these things though, which is nice. However, at the table we were sitting at, there was a strange print out pushing the book that she carries. Something about "your doctor is trying to kill you"... haha.. again, she's quirky. And she did mention during our meal that our soup was going to help us to not catch a cold. We don't need medicine.  There were toothpick dispensers  every two posts, so that's weird. I would think one on the way out would be fine. Plus when you look in the light, you can see all the fingerprints on them, and I know there weren't that many people there that day. so, ew. There was also a corner with kids toys... and.. again, ew. I think if a public place has kid toys, they should be plastic based with a tub of disinfectant wipes nearby. But that's me.   Plus there are these HUGE signs hanging in the back touting the 3 for 1 banh mi and 3 for 1 desserts. It just seems weird.This doesn't necessarily seem like a positive review, but, again, I really liked the lady.  I want her to do well, but I think she should take down the signs and flyers, wipe it down, make her prices a little more competitive, and maybe it will be a bit more appealing.  I will go back when I crave the taste of that pho, though. It really was delicious.
1	Saw the this place as me and the wife were passing by on Jones so we decided to try it out later for dinner.     We arrived around 7pm and thought the place was closed as there were no one inside and no one to greet us at the door. The host/waiter was sitting at a table on the opposite side of the Place watching Movies on his tablet and had to be instructed by (I guess) his manager.     We were seated in the center if the place with the whole restaurant to ourselves and alot of empty tables. When I saw the menu I almost laughed out loud. The menu was OVER-priced! 2 times or more than any other PHO places I've been to locally here in Vegas.    My wife ordered #24 and I ordered the oxtail soup. They were about average in taste but not worth the $11 and $14 price tags. And for that much I expected a bigger serving. Compared to the closer Pho places, Pho 87 really fell short.     Um yeah I lowered my expectations and shook my head at the same time. When were they on the food network?  Did they raise their prices after their appearance?  LOL if they did then that was the wrong move because I think that's the reason the restaurant was practically abandoned looking. This was our first and I do believe our last time coming to this place. There are more PHO restaurants way better locally here in Vegas.  I think Robert Irvin from "The Food Network" needs to revisit this place and make anothe Restaurant Impossible episode out of it. Just Saying.
4	The egg rolls are like no other.The food I have had here several times is very good, all I need now is to find which days the nutty aunt isn't working so I can go enjoy the food.
3	Pho 87 is a decent spot to grab some hang-over food before tackling the drive or flight home. The star dish here is definitely the oxtail pho, but it's just a bit pricey. It's $14 for a medium, but they do give you quite a bit of meat and noodles. This is the only place I've had oxtail pho (I dunno...maybe I've just never noticed it on the menu at other pho joints haha) and I love it! The average person should definitely stick with the medium. If you're REALLY REALLY hungry, then get the large ($19), but it really is a LOT of food.This past trip, I had one of the other pho choices on the menu (medium steak and flank I think) and it was your typical bowl of pho for $11.The downsides here is the service and the interior decor. Despite that the restaurant is usually empty, you might find yourself twiddling your thumbs a bit before anyone comes out to check on you, take your order, and give you the bill. The woman is talkative and likes to chat you up if you're open to it haha. As for the decor...it's outdated and there's a stockpile of stuff in the corner (children's toys, bags of stuff). When you walk to the bathroom, there's a display case (like in a cafe) with food items in it...I wonder if anyone actually orders anything from that section... In general, there's quite a bit of space in the restaurant that isn't being used. It's always fun to see people come in and tackle the Phozilla challenge though. That bowl is HUMONGOUS!!!! In order to get the prize money ($1000+), it has to be finished within 33 minutes.
5	Broth is awesome and a lot of meat
4	The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of their prices. It costs about $11-15 for a small bowl where just across the street or all along spring mountain you can find the same size for about $7-8. Wanted to see what all the hype was about and I do have to say that the food was good. So if you don't care to pay double then try it out.
1	Waiting time is tooo long. I am so disappointed with the service. I have heard all the good thing about them but 1 hour waiting is too long.The food is below average as well. The broth  was too salty and oily for me, very unhealthy. I can also taste the msg in the broth. The beef was overcooked and of low quality. It was also a very small portion for the price of $11. This place is so overpriced and overrated.Overall, it was a bad dinning experience for me. The restaurant looks run down, service is slow and rude, food is below standard. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. If they don't update this place, improve the service and food quality, I think they will go out of business in no time.
1	Waiting 30 mins already, no Pho yet! Where is my Pho? Only 2 people serving, cooking, cashier wth?!After 40 mins of waiting in the almost empty restaurant, we complained to the owner and threaten to leave the place. The owner said "you are young so you should wait". WTF is that???!!! That is not how you talk to your customers! I ignored her and just walked out. By then the waiter rushed over to bring out our food. So we have to stay and eat. Pho is just average. The broth was very oily and full of MSG. I had a headache and shoulder pain after eating it. The  lady kept saying "it's good pho so you have to wait long". Worst customer service I have ever seen. The food is just average. I can't understand how they can get on the food network. I beg you people, stay out of this shitty place and its cocky owner.
2	I'll start off saying their Imperial rolls were definitely good I'd say 10 out of 10. The broth of the pho was pretty good as well. I'd probably give it maybe an 8 out of 10 (to be generous). What I couldn't get over though was how expensive everything was. I mean back at my favorite spot in San Diego I'm able to get 6 egg rolls and 2 medium bowls for the same price as my small bowl and 4 egg rolls. Since I'm in Vegas I guess I maybe could understand but it's also double the price of say kim long or kinh do. I will definitely pass a revisit sorry to say. Too many other pho places nearby that are just as good for way less $$$
1	I would give this place zero star if such rating is available.I waited for almost an hour for the food when there is only 1 other table besides mine. The food is also overpriced and overrated. $11 for a small bowl of Pho? No thanks! The broth is just mediocre, nothing special. Overall, I don't think this place deserve to be on the Food Network. I rather go swhere else to get a $6 Pho bowl.
2	Pretty much agree with everyone that the service blows. The pho tai was good, but nothing special. I ordered the "side" of extra broth and she said it was already in the bowl when it arrived , my husband and I were obviously sharing so I wanted it on the side and she just brought me an empty bowl when I asked for it. No language barrier either, she Spoke perfect English. We ordered 2 iced viet coffees and they dropped the coffee presses on the table without even telling us what to do. 10 minutes later they explained we had to stir the coffees and they had forgotten the ice. Pork ban mi was sauce less and the pork was dry. The time it took me to type this and I still don't have my check and there are 5 tables with dirty plates on then including mine. Lesson learned just because some place has been on the food network doesn't mean it's stellar.
