3	This place has some pretty good pasta dishes, but for some reason I'm just not crazy about it. If you like pasta though, I'd definitely suggest checking it out. While they have the signature italian dishes, such as manicotti, calzones, strombolis, etc., they also have a pretty good lunch pasta menu. This pasta menu allows you to choose your noodle, sauce type, & some other options, letting you truly get the type of pasta you want.So while I really can't pinpoint why this place just doesn't do it for me, it might have something to do with the atmosphere. For the lunch crowd, I don't think it needs to be so dark inside, like I'm eating at a fine Italian restaurant for dinner. If they brightened up the place & made it a little less formal, I'd probably go here a little more often. But that's me, so make your judgment on your own. And like I said before, the food is really quite tasty so there isn't anything wrong in the most important department (taste).
4	Portofino's is a rather cozy restaurant with pretty good Italian food. The service when I visited left something to be desired. Also, one in my group was told that the calzone had pepperoni and ham in it and when it came, there was only cheese.
4	I really like Portifino's.  It's a nice italian restaurant and I've never been dissapointed when I've left there.  They have New York style pizza that's baked in a brick over.  It's mighty tasty.  I've also had the philly cheesesteak there and it was good.  Not like Philly but decent for not being in Philly.This place is great to eat at before catching a movie at Arysely Theaters.
1	So I decided to go to Portifinos (on Arsley) because I had been to the one on Park and really enjoyed it! The service was great- the food excellent! Unfortunately the three other times I have gone to this Portifinos I have had literally the opposite experience (although these times have all been for lunch and the time at Park was for dinner)The first time was on my birthday (I know what a bummer) ...My co-workers and I split a large NY style pepperoni pizza and for dessert I took a piece of tiramisu back to work with me. The pizza was less than ok- very salty, super oily . The thinness was correct- but it just wasn't right (I should have known better being from NY but I figured my dinner was so good the time before)....The dessert was WAY worse, so disappointing! I had to throw it out because the cream had gone bad ....it was just awful.The second time I went to this location was also for a work lunch...this time I went back to the original pasta dish I ordered the first time I went to dinner on Park. The pasta noodles were mush - and my co-workers had a similar bad experiences with their chicken (on pizza, and a sub) being overly dry. To make matters even worse our service was awful- and we sat waiting a very long time for our check ( a two hour lunch here is a bit much-it wasn't busy!) the third time was unfortunately not a charm...I had the chicken parm dish- which  was at best mediocre.Go to the one on Park if you really want to try it...I won't be going back.
4	Been there 3 times. Always have the veal sub. It's very good. It's hard to find good veal in the south but they have it. They make me a veal parm with sauteed green peppers on it. Fantastic. Just like up north. Perfect size for lunch. A little pricey but worth it.
2	I have eaten here several times as I work right down the street. The first couple of times were nothing greater than the local Olive Garden but the last time I ate here I ordered Fettuccine with Italian Sausage in a Garlic butter sauce. What I got was a very cheap impostor of Fettuccine with about 7 cloves of chopped garlic and no Sausage. In the same order my coworker did not receive the mushrooms she requested in her meal either despite having the waiter repeat the order back to her. Needless to say, this was my last time eating here.
3	I've eaten quite a bit of food from this Portofino's location.  I tried the pizza for the first time the other day and I think that will be my go-to menu item at this place because it is excellent.The other dishes they serve are usually good too: the bread is warm and delicious and they load tons of cheese onto their dishes.  It isn't the healthiest place.  There are not many great dining options in the nearby area, but I would say that this is one of the better options in the neighborhood.  The only problem I have encountered there is when I tried to place a takeout order via phone.  I was ordering for 3 people and the individual I was speaking to was not repeating the order back correctly (we went through it a couple of times and I asked if there was someone else that could take my order and they either didn't understand me or didn't want someone else to take my order??).  I decided it would be easier to go to the restaurant and just order live, but the order still came out wrong.  I got them to correct and switch it out, but I had to wait a little longer than I would have liked.  They were semi-friendly about it and apologetic when it came out wrong.  I just wanted dressing on the side and a salad without olives...
4	Portofino's was able to accommodate a party of 10 of us with fairly short notice. The service was efficient and anticipatory...for instance, before my drink was gone, a new one appeared in front of me. The server split our tab which is a huge deal when you're out with a large group like ours. Finally, the food was tasty and the portions were generous. I liked the bruschetta very much.
5	I'm not sure why this place gets such mediocre reviews.  I was here with a friend today for lunch and the place was packed.  We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  My friend had the Gorgonzola Chicken with a side of fettuccine and I had the Cheese Steak Special and with a order of fries.   I tried the chicken on my friends plate and it was to die for; the mushrooms, chicken, and cream sauce were very good.  The cheese steak was one of the better ones that I've had here in CLT.  We also really enjoyed the warm bread with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and parmesan cheese. The service we had was great.  Our tea was always full and our food came out quickly.  Not the cheapest lunch in the world, but I'm looking forward to going back soon!
4	Stopped by here the other day, trying to kill time before dropping someone off at the airport.  I have a real soft spot for Italian, so I am always endeavoring to find a really decent spot that will supply my stomach with Italian goodness.Started off a little rocky since I am unfamiliar with this shopping center.  I think I was in awe of the mixed residential and businesses below apartment setup they have here and I totally drove by the parking lot.... we ended up parking "in the back lot" in between the Fintastic and Portofinos and the spaces were a little tight.  We were greeted warmly and it was early Sunday afternoon... so we got seated right away.  Our server was pretty friendly... we felt a little rushed, even though we were one of the only tables being served at that time.  Still, our server got our orders correct and kept our waters/teas filled.I ordered Portobello mushroom ravioli with Alfredo sauce... yes... I know, not the healthiest choices, but it was just what my stomach and tastebuds wanted that afternoon.  Next time I come here, I will definitely order pizza.  It looked very good from the distance.
2	Whoa, Portofino's, what happened?  I had not eaten at his (or any other location) in at least a year, but this place is not as good as it once was.They used to bring out great soft warm fresh bread.  The 3 loaves of bread they brought out for our group of 8 were all charred.  A co-worker got the canneloni - it looked good until she took a couple of bites of one of the two pieces and it was cold in the middle.  It was like it had been refrigerated or frozen and just reheated :(  I can do better than that by getting frozen pasta at Sam's Club and for a whole cheaper.  They brought it back but all they did was dump a lot of warm sauce on it so it was still cold in the middle.  Another coworker ordered chicken with her pasta (which all of us heard) and they did not put it on. A small lunch salad now costs an extra $2.50 when served with an entree when not that long ago it was $1.  I understand the need to raise prices due to food costs, but this is mostly lettuce here, plus it's also an add-on. Our waitress was nice, but we were there for 90 minutes and our waters were refilled only once.  They also added on 18% for mediocre service so that was another disappointment.There were a couple of positives.  My tortellini with chicken and Gorgonzola was pretty tasty, as were my coworkers' pizza and grilled chicken salad.  They gave my co-worker a surprise tiramisu because they felt bad about her canneloni.  Unfortunately, she doesn't like the taste of coffee, so she didn't eat it.    The overall experience was definitely "meh" so it will likely be a while before I give it another shot.  I feel a little bad, because almost everyone there seems nice, but the food and service have to improve a little bit.
4	I'm a big fan of Italian cuisine and Portofino's is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to go for a quick fix. This particular Portofino's is alot smaller and is very well hidden from view (Pretty much everything in Ayresley Village is). I don't think I've tried anything here that I disliked. They have a great variety for every taste. I especially love their pink sauce on anything! The price is great for the flavor and portion size that you receive. We usually dine here on the weekdays and there's usually a good crowd of people stopping by for a business dinner. The only negetive would have to be their waitors/hostess's. Not always the most personable people, but their definately not rude :)
1	For me, if the service is good, I can forgive bad food, but both were poor. The host and our waiter treated us like a waste of their time although our whole party ordered full entrees. Just very rude and the food in no way redeemed it. I&#39;m hesitant to say, but judging by how kindly they treated the other (white) patrons and blatantly disregarded my party of all mixed races, there may be prejudice... The only items we liked were the bread and Basil tomato Italian dressing. The ground beef sauces such as in the Bolognese and lasagna had an out of the can bland taste. Very disappointed.
5	This is by far my favorite place for Italian food in the Queen City. I was born in Brooklyn, NY, and every time my mother visits, she insists we go to Portofino's at least once. The service is fantastic and the food is authentic Italian (again, that's coming from the mouth of a New Yorker!). The Chicken Parm is my go-to dish -- my ultimate comfort food. Overall, I'd highly recommend this spot if you're in need of good food. Period.
4	This was my first experience at Portofino's and it was a good one. I was there with a large group from work. The service was friendly, informative & quick. We started with some apps., mozzarella sticks, calamari & bruschetta. All were top notch. The bruschetta was a little heavy on the garlic but this is an Italian place. I ordered one of the specials for the evening, surf & turf, Fillet mignon and shrimp over a tomato based risotto. The risotto was fantastic, nice & creamy. One of my co workers had the chicken parm which he said was tremendous. Next time, I'll stick to their specialties, pasta and pizza. I ordered the tiramisu for dessert. Nice presentation and really a great way to end a meal. I'll be back for another go at this place.
4	I dined on-site for the first time a week ago. If you've never been in this area, you should realize that it's located in a popular and heavily-trafficked shopping village--it may be hard for you to find a parking spot. Anyways, I was part of a party of 2, and was seated quickly on a Friday during the lunch rush. My friend whom I went with was someone straight-outta-Italy. She ordered the gnocchi and I ordered the Bolognese (spaghetti with meat sauce). Our waiter was very friendly and attentive-- he made me realize how much I drank, because in the short hour we were there, he refilled my soda 3-4 times! My bolognese was soooooooo darn good. It was MEMORABLE good. It was so good that I would go out of my lazy way just to come here to eat it again. It made me realize how a simple dish of pasta with ground beef and tomato sauce can hit that special spot. Now I can't stop thinking about it. I actually ordered the same dish from the Portofino's in Park Road, but it wasn't the same. Maybe it was because I got it to-go, I'm not sure. But, I will always remember that spaghetti dish in this location as one of the best spaghetti meals I've ever had. (P.S. my Italian friend also said her dish was very good-- it wasn't just me)
4	Portifino's has some of the best NY style pizza around. Thin but loaded with flavor just like it should be. I have tried several of their pasta dishes and they are very good too. They have a really good tomato salad dressing that is creamy and has just the right amount of flavor.This is a quaint little place tucked in Ayrsley in SW Charlotte, and they are a good choice for lunch or dinner.
4	House dressing was delicious. Pizza was really good and my friends that had the lasagna said it was good. Would go back.
3	I have been to several of the Portofinos in Charlotte including Park Road, Eastway Drive, and Arboretum.  So, when we found ourselves in the Arsley area, we thought this would be a good place to stop. Prior to arriving, we called to make sure they were open for lunch.  The guy who answered the phone was abrupt and almost rude.  Not a good sign, but I ignored it and we proceeded to go.  Overall, I would say this location is not as good as Eastway or Arborteum.  I think the service was not as good, and the food I ordered wasn't as good either.  Since it was lunch time and I wasn't that hungry, I decided to go for a salad and a slice of cheese pizza.  Both were ok, but nothing especially exciting. Still, it is not a bad choice for the area. I just wouldn't go out of my way to drive to this location.
2	I have mixed reviews as we have been here several times and love the food however their service lately has been less than acceptable. and last evening was just one more example. We arrived and were seated promptly no issue.  However we sat approximatley 5 minutes with servers walking past us and no one yet even acknowleding we were there and we were right in the middle of the aisle not back in a corner somewhere.  A table was seated next to us and after us had already had there server greet them and beverage order taken, still there we sat.  Finally as I sat there tapping my fingers on the table and looking less then amused the hostess took notice and mentioned to our server and pointed to our table - Now he may have noticed on his own if he wasn't standing at the bar watching the soccer game on TV.  Unfortunately this is not the first time this has happened at this particular location.  While I like the food here not sure that I will return as this seems to be a consistent issue and there are much better restaurants with MUCH better service.
4	Nice atmosphere, but not too stuffy, good for a date or the family.  I had the Alla Panna pasta.  The sauce (alfredo style) was the perfect combination of rich and creamy!  Great cannolis too!
4	Took family out for special occasion dinner.  Staff has been great recently.  Food is superb.  We run the gamut when it comes to tastes and you can't go wrong with anything.  Get the specials when you can (but watch the price!!), they're not always available.  (lunch is $9-14, dinner $12-24)
4	First of all name on review is spelled wrong...should be Porto.....    Ordered a Sicilian pizza and then 2 slices of regular to go.  The very courteous gentleman who made the pie let me sit and enjoy 2 Sicilian slices and one thin slice.  The thin traditional slice was better....but the sauce is very good and the extraordinary customer service pushes the rating from 3 to 4.
4	Have eaten there several times.  Food has been great.  Be careful of the specials.  Waiter will not give you a price unless you ask.  Made the mistake of ordering the special pork chop without asking the price.  The cost was $27.00 for a single pork chop!!!  Sides were more that a human could eat but not worth taking home and not worth the additional price.  Regular items on the menu are competively priced.
4	I was brought to another one of Portofino's locations by a New York Italian, so I knew this had to be good.  Lucky for me, there is this location right in my own neighborhood!  I pass by it every day, and it wasn't until last night that I finally decided to try it.If you've ever been in Ayrsley Town, it seems to be pretty dead for the most part.  So, I was pretty surprised to come on a Friday night and there actually be a wait to be seated!  The place was full!  Luckily, it was only a 5-10 minute wait and the bartended was friendly and asked us if we wanted to order drinks.  FYI, the sangria is yum.  Yes, yum.Once we were seated, a friendly and upbeat waitress with a Hello Kitty-esque bow in her hair came to take our orders.  I knew it was going to be too much food, but my husband and I each ordered an entree anyway, to be able to get a sense of how the food was.  Together, we ordered the baked lasagna, chicken tortellini, french onion soup, caesar salad and a cannoli to top it all off.Needless to say, it was all delish and the portions were true to Italian family style.  I woke up early this morning just so I could eat some of the leftovers before my husband wakes up ;)My only note of constructive feedback is to say the baked lasagna wasn't piping hot when we got it, leading us to believe it isn't made to order, but nothing a little microwaving can't fix for the next day!
4	We eat here almost every month, excellent veal and pasta dishes, pizza and likes the seafood salad.
4	Probably the best pizza i have had in North Carolina. But it does not get 5 stars because that's the only thing i will ever have there. The dinners and appetizers are very sub-par that i could bring this rating down to even 2 stars but because the pizza is that good, it remains at 4 stars.
4	This is a genuine small shop Italian restaurant. Don't expect the Olive Garden when you come here. To the uninitiated, the menu can be daunting because of the overwhelming options -- but rather, understand that you can get your meal in any way you want. You want some pasta? Pick your pasta type, pick your sauce, add some meat... They will make special orders with no questions asked. And pay attention to their specials. Some of the best meals I've had were their specials which usually come on massive plates and are always delicious. The price is reasonable, especially if you're eating pizza, but expect to pay a little more for meat dishes.
4	Italian restaurants in Charlotte can be decidedly hit or miss, and I seem to be on the receiving end of lots of misses lately.  When I decided to go Italian for a recent family lunch, the first place that came to mind was Portofinos.  They have several locations around Charlotte and in Gastonia. We chose the Ayrsley Village location.  This place smells so good when you walk in.  If I had an Italian Grandmother, I would expect her kitchen to smell like this.Small and narrow it is well decorated and they have a patio out back with a handful of tables.Menu is extensive but laid out nicely and easy to follow.  Choose a pasta, a cooking style, a sauce, add-ons like meatballs or sausage etc... and you have your pasta dish complete.  Lots of specialty pastas and sandwiches and the wood fired oven pizza is great.I had Spaghetti and meatballs, it was pretty good, the pasta was perfectly cooked but I found the meatballs a little dense.  Others at the table had a pasta dish with shrimp and mussels and a cream sauce that was heavenly.  I also tried the manicotti which was really good and very rich and cheesy.  The puttanesca sauce is especially tasty.  The pizza was good but could have been cooked a little longer.My biggest complaint was the service was a little slow and they must have ran out of ice because each of our glasses only had a couple of cubes and the tea was room temperature.  Maybe that's the way real Italians drink it.Not a home run but a sure fire hit.  Check it out.
4	At first I was hesitant to walkin as the front area is where the pizza is made for take out. The main sitting area is in the back. I'm glad I walked in.The caprese salad was amazing, fresh tomatoes, mozzarella and sweet basil with a touch of olive oil - freshness in every bite. Pizza margerita a little on the chewy side, had some difficulty finishing it off.
5	Awesome pizza, pasta, and chicken parm subs! Good wine selection and excellent service. Try the shrimp parmigiana paired with a merlot or Malbec.
5	The wife and I dropped in for lunch the other day and things were so good I decided to write an update.  Veal Shitake was some of the best Italian food I have had in a while and the veal parmigiana was top notch as well but the reason I felt compelled to write an update was the dessert.  Normally we are not tempted by desserts out but after the waiter ran through the usual suspects, tiramisu, cheese cake, cannoli, he mentioned Italian rum cake and my wife and I both perked up.  We decided to split a piece.  Let me say now that if I didn't love her greatly I might have slipped her a mickey and ate the whole thing myself.  This was the lightest, most flavorful, moistest, most balanced cake ever in the history of cake.  Mildly sweet with a hint of rum, light whipped cream and a light chocolate and vanilla pastry cream filling between layers.  Do yourself a favor, go to Portofino's just for an espresso and a slice of this heavenly confection.
4	I traveled to Charlotte on business and this was one of the local restaurants near the hotel we stayed at in the Ayrsley area. I went at lunch time on a week day and I was quickly seated. The service was great, the waitress greeted me immediately and gave me her recommendations. One negative things was the bread they serve--it was a little hard on the bottom, so i had to pull the bottom off and eat around it. I ordered a pizza, and it was one of the best fresh made pizza's I have had in a while. The ingrediants were really good and the waitress informed me they make their own marinara sauce and dough.The place is cute for small families or a date but I wouldn't recommend large groups. I would recommend this Restaurant to others, and I will travel back when I am looking for a good pizza!
2	Went here with my daughter and wife after my daughters school play. The server we had was nice and attentive. We ordered affettato for an appetizer which was good, but under seasoned (needed salt)We ordered a standard pepperoni pizza and a wood-fired margherita pizza. (Note about the wood-fired, the menu states that they are only available in 12-inch pies, but server asked for the size desired). The wood fired was really good and crispy. The pepperoni wasn't under cooked, but ok. The biggest issue was that we were still eating at 9pm and they were closing the restaurant around us. Literally, putting chairs up on tables around us. First, what restaurant closes at 9 pm on Thursday. Second, shouldn't you wait until your customers have left before you shut down.
4	We live in the Steele Creek area, and this is the only place we get pizza from. Food is very flavorful and authentic. Pasta dishes are well made--sauces seem to made with fresh ingredients and seasonings  (unlike the junk at Olive Garden).It's more of a casual place, very clean and family friendly.Service is also good, if you eat in, though most of the time we take out.
5	I can honestly say that I've been eating at Portofino's for over 10 years. Their pizza is phenomenal and I have never had a bad meal.  The best northern-US style Italian place I've found in Charlotte. Even their cheesesteaks are great.
3	We used to frequent this place but over the last 12 months something is lacking the food is extremely bland... We have been back a few times ( on our cheat days, as we dont do a lot of heavy carbs anymore so it's a treat) but we keep getting disappointed. This saddens me as we always enjoyed this place back in the day...
5	Wonderful authentic cuisine. Enrique was the best server-made us feel like we were in Italy.   The owner is originally from Naples and tries to make the food as authentic as possible.
2	Truly underwhelmed here.   We came for the meatballs, which we had read were fantastic.  They were by far the low point of the meal. Very soft. No crust on the outside and very very bland.  The marinara sauce was similarly bland.  No spice to it at all.   So the spaghetti and meatballs really a disappointment.  The chicken portion of the dish was very nice but it was once again paired with the bland marinara.  Service was fine but the ambiance suffered due to a very large (25 person) party that was just loud and there was other seating that they could have put us at.  I just feel that there has to be a better Italian restaurant experience out there.
2	Two poor experiences so I've had my fill with Portofinos. That said...the servers were pleasant if they're not closing down the place around you.First time... Server wiped the table/menus down with a mildewed rag. Menus and table reeked for the rest of the meal. Asked to be re-sat, but apparently there was no space. Food was nice.Second visit...no smell of decay, but the food was microwaved to a temp hotter than then sun. Also, I'm not a fan of canned chicken. Meal tasted like a school lunch I had in 1978. I think I paid $1.50 for that meal in '78 and that was about what this was worth. If you're a fan of the sub-par, you'll love this place.
4	I'll keep this one short and sweet! I met a friend for lunch and the place was pretty empty. Our waiter was Enrique and he was fantastic! He was very attentive, our glasses were never empty, offered great menu selections and brought out several baskets of warm bread! Awesome!I went with one of their specials it was spinach ravioli, with chicken in a gorgonzola sauce. It was so good! I would definitely order it again! I'll likely be back very soon!
4	So I have reviewed the Arboretum location with 3 stars but this location gets 4!! At this location I can get the gnocchi romano which I LOVE!! Is it the best gnocchi I've ever had no but it's just comforting. When I'm having a really bad day at work sometimes I will treat myself to the gnocchi for lunch. My work is right there so it's easy for me to pick up. We also use them for office pizza orders and the guys really seem to enjoy it. The people working at this location are awesome especially the owners and they are always accommodating. Super great guys :) It just kind of makes me feel like I'm eating food that a friends mom cooked. It has that comfort quality so that's why they get 4 stars.
4	We like going here as a family. Great food, nice atmosphere. I've eaten here 6 or 8 times, always enjoyable. The pizza is very good. The specials are always good. Decent wine selection. If you are looking for a good italian place in the Ayrsley area, you can't beat Portofino's. Good bread, great bruschetta.
4	Ordered take out.  They speak broken English so that was fun but worth it since the food was great.  Authentic Italian.
5	Great food, great service, great experience.  Nice job guys!
2	Just overall a blah experience.  The service was decent but nothing special and the food was just not hitting the spot whatsoever.I ordered the margharita pizza assuming I couldn't go wrong but I did...I went very very wrong.  The sauce on the pizza was water and almost flavorless, the crust was decent but the pizza itself was very doughy and soggy.  I couldn't taste any basil and the mozzarella wasn't fresh.  No fresh tomatoes, just a runny sauce.  Not very good at all.Two others ordered the penne vodka (not on the menu) and added chicken.  The chicken looked like it was on the floor in the back of the restaurant, collecting dirt, getting stepped on and then heated up in a microwave to just ensure it was nice and shriveled.  Rubbery, tough, flavorless.  Gross.  The vodka sauce was again sub par.  Just not good!!One of my other dining partners got the clam sauce and he said it was okay but nothing that great.  Our starter salads were decent but again just not great.  The bread served prior the meals was okay.  We weren't offered dessert but the desserts in the cooler looked old and stale.  Overall, I would never make the trip to come to this particular location again.  Others mentioned how great it is at the Park Road location so I am willing to give that one a try.
1	I came in a little late at close to 9pm, and asked them whether I can have a dinner still. They said "No problem. take your time", and let me in. But after 9 they started to close up. Take out boxes and bill came out right after I got what I ordered. I felt so much pressure. I had 2 slices of pizza and had some wine only. Then the restaurant closed at 9:20pm. (Their hour is until 10pm)They could have told me the closing when I get there. So that I could have gone to another restaurant to eat out.I do not recommend to my friends and I will never come back here again.
5	Great pizza. Stopped in to grab a salad and slice for lunch. Very prompt service, nice big side salad with great house dressing. They even heated up the pizza. Probably the best pizza I have had outside of NYC.
2	Used to love this place but took friends there last night bragging about how good it was n was so very disappointed. Our waitress was nice but we could hardly understand her English. We had to ask her to repeat everything several times. She didn't seem to be properly trained bringing out one dish wrong n didn't know the prices of the special's. Then the food came, my soup was watery n tasteless. My veal was rubbery n the whole dish was bland. My husband's seafood dish was so just ok n the friends orders were all messed up which she did not offer to correct. We were embarrassed to say the least after telling them how great this place was. Won't go back now.
4	Portofinos is excellent!  I was very lucky in that I was introduced to portofino's right away when moving down from NYC.  No prolonged search for great Italian food, it's right there at Portofino's! I have two words for you: Stuffed Eggplant.  This dish haunts my dreams and my mouth will water out of the blue for it.  I'm gonna have to stop in and get some after this review .
4	I have yet to eat in but have gotten food to go several times. Love the cheese ravolis and my husband loves the pizza cheese steak sub. They are always friendly when I pickup. Will return.
