4	Mom, Dad, and I ventured out for a nice meal at the new Benihana at the Chandler Fashion Center, and it was a very good choice.Having your food cooked right in front you along with a little chef artistry entertainment, makes this meal a little more special.  The meal is hand-crafted and fresh, adding a nice touch.I had Scallops, Calamari, and Shrimp.  Dad did as well.  We enjoyed it.  Mom went with the Filet Mignon and I was allowed a bite and mmm, mmm - delicious and tender, melted in my mouth.I now want to go to the one in San Francisco, as every time I try to go to it there, it is always busy.Great ServiceNice StaffGood FoodNice AmbianceYour own food, cooked right there where you see it being crafted, then dished out to your bowl was superb.
4	I've always liked Benihanas.  Even if Arizona's Benihana's doesn't resemble the authenticism of those in San Francisco.  The cooks in Arizona are generally NOT asian, which really is my only disappointment with these local restaurants. It just gives it another feel.However, the food is great, the atmosphere is nice.Just some advise:The tables sit 8 people.  Try to go with a large group or you will get stuck with several strangers (loud, obnoxious and drunk perhaps?).  It's not really a romantic setting in those conditions.  Also, allow over 2 hrs for dinner.  We got there at 6:30 and left at 8pm (we made it just in time for our movie at 8:25pm).  I will go again, next time, with a larger group.
3	Spent Christmas "08" here for dinner , The food was good but not great.  and overpriced, you are paying for the atmosphere. I had the Filet and it was overcooked and a little dry. Didn't want to make a fuss on christmas. [ Also the cook was holding a knife].hehe
3	I decided to give Benihana a try for my birthday this year, just last week.  Since the boyfriend and I decided to go on Super Bowl Sunday after the game ended, we expected a crowd.  To our surprise, the restaurant was virtually empty with just one other table occupied.  We therefore had the entire hibachi/tepanyaki table to ourselves!  It was fun, and the fact that it was just the two of us sped up dinner service considerably.  I ordered Benihana rolls as an appetizer; they were basically tasty California rolls, loosely packed but a real bargain at only $4.75.  For my entree, I went with the Hibachi scallops.  Now unlike Kyoto (the Japanese restaurant I usually hit up on my birthday), there are not a whole lot of veggies prepared as sides with your entree.  In a way, that was a good thing, because I didn't waste any food.  I got a ton of scallops, and I took home what I couldn't finish.  It was great value for the price!  Still, my chef was not Asian and the emptiness of the restaurant did make it feel a little weird.  Perhaps I'll add a star when I update my review after the next visit...
5	Seriously, the BEST time I've ever had a Benihana's!  DANIEL is a Hibachi Chef there, ASK FOR HIM if you can.  He is seriously HYSTERICAL and everything was cooked perfectly.  The Shrimp, Lobster, Scallop, Meat was all cooked perfectly.  Not over done which is RARE for Benihana, some of the chef's have an issue with time management and things either get left on too long, or not enough.  Well, not this time.  I asked him where he studied the culinary arts, he said back to me, "I laid Granite counter tops before this, ma'am, a top chef came from San Diego and trained me for 3 months straight."  I was very impressed that he picked this up in just 3 months, he was obviously meant to cook for a living!  Remember, ask for DANIEL.....
2	If you want ok food and a good time, this is the place to go.  If you want real Japanese food, go someplace else.  This is an overpriced place to get dinner.  My wife and I split 2 sushi rolls and the Hibachi Steak, it did fill us up and the sushi was okay, but the main entree that was $25, was very bland.  The service started off great from our waitress and then it just went down hill.  Maybe due to her not being seen for most of our meal time.  Would we go back for the sushi, no, any other reason, no.  If you go I hope you enjoy and have better than us.... Great potential at this place, it just didn't work for us.
4	Benihana is best enjoyed when you: Have moneyA large group of peopleand a lot of time to spare. Probably something to do once or twice a year. I go when my friends from Iowa decide to come visit me and we have time and money to spare. Everyone there is friendly, and I love the cook in front of you style. (Although sometimes the fire tricks make my eyes hurt). Please note this place is not known for their sushi. I would recommend anything hibachi and if you look like you're a kid, it's a good idea to get some sort of kids meal  (if they have one, unfortunately I look like I'm 30 something and my babies are too young and wild to bring anywhere nice)  I want to note too, that I personally feel like they have the best  fried rice.
2	First, I love Teppanyaki restaurants. It is always a fun time introducing new people to those type of restaurants. Benihana was my second choice, but Option A was closed. Being a chain, I knew I had a good shot it would still be in business. I prefer the smaller restaurants - typically more entertainment and lower cost, but Benihana is typically good and it is open.There were 3 chefs working yesterday and we got the white guy. He was nice, but he wasn't as good as the ones at the other tables. This isn't him, because the other chefs didn't do it either, but there was no volcano like every other teppanyaki place does and no big flame to clean the grill. Probably being a chain they are more worried about law suits resulting from fire. Instead of volcano with flame, it was a train with smoke. Benihana is more expensive than other places, but considering it is like dinner and a show, it isn't bad. The show part was not as good as it could be. The chef was okay and for the first timers with me, they thought it was good. The flavor of the food was okay, but not the best I have had. It was just kind of ho-hum for me. Interestingly enough after he was finished with our table, the chef went to another table that was all Asian customers. I wondered to myself what they must think getting the one white guy in the place - then the loud clanking noise of him dropping the cart and the food on the ground told me they probably weren't impressed. For 2 people ordered one of the standard combos and water, it was $65 ($80 after tip). A little expensive for the lackluster performance and average quality of the food. I would recommend finding a smaller local establishment. At least they usually throw shrimp at you and douse you with saki if you catch it.
3	What can you say about Beni's - Not bad and not great.I have been to Benihana in several different cities and for a chain teppan restaurant it's ok.  My fave was in San Diego, could have been the company we were with.  I would definately say they are pretty consistant everytime we have been.  The teppan is a little pricey, the sushi is consistantly good (they also offer the all you can eat sushi), and the sake selection is ok (very average).  I do get tired of hearing the birthday song 10 to 15 times while we are dining.
2	I wanted to take my boyfriend to a teppanyaki restaurant since he had never been to one before. This being the closest to us we decided to go here Sunday for our anniversary. It was ok. The chef we had wasn't very entertaining, he didn't do the egg trick, and his onion volcano was lacking any resemblance to a volcano. Maybe I was just expecting too much. Having been to a couple teppanyaki places before and loved the whole experience.The food was good but I'd definitely recommend another place for the future.
2	Oh the sorrow... What can I say, I was expecting more. I had gone to another Benihana's in New Jersey, but we only went to the Teppanyaki part of it. I signed up online to get alerts for specials and such, so I got a $30 certificate for my birthday. Went here Friday, with the hubster, because I called to see when their all you can eat sushi was. Luckily its everyday! Couldn't wait to have our massage and sushi date night! Now, we've been to Japan, have had awesome sushi, love 202 Crazy Fish Sushi in Tempe and decided to try Benihana's...big mistake.I should've learned after we had gone to Kabuki, knowing that it's a chain and that the sushi is, well, bad. The variety was good, the fish wasn't its freshest fish and who puts mayo on their sushi? Why does this happen at chains? The sushi chef was Japanese, as was our waitress, so we talked to her a bit abt our visit to Japan, my sister in law, etc. But the sushi was warm, fell apart and the fish, bland...I'll just stickl w/ Crazy Fish, who does his sushi with love and knows what my husband and I like.
4	This was my first time at Benihana and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. We went on a Friday evening, and our wait was about 10 minutes for a table.I was in a party of 4, and 2 other couples were seated with us at the Hibachi Grill.I ordered the Philadelphia Roll, Rainbow Roll and shrimp tempura Hand Roll, as well as a Bottle of Sake.The sake was delicious and had a hint of nutmeg and apple peels.My sushi came out timely before the rest of the tables food was beginning to be prepared so we passed the sushi around for everyone to taste. The cream cheese in the Philadelphia rolls was scrumptious.Our chef Christian was entertaining and funny, he did the volcano trick and the shrimp tail in the hat and pocket trick and recieved plenty of "ooh" and "aahs" from me and the others.I was rather impressed with how fresh the food was and how nutritiously "clean" the food was prepared.For a party of 4 including drinks and appetizers our bill came to only $107.I would love to go to Benihana anytime, especially if someone else pays.
4	I'm really surprised at some of the lackluster reviews. Sometimes when I read yelp reviews I get the feeling some reviewers feel chain restaurants can do no right! How unfair!I believe Benihana is one such place.If you're coming for the show, great - I've seen it. You may enjoy it.I come for the food and service. I have been consistently impressed with both.Steak, chicken, shrimp, scallops, sashimi, sushi, sushi rolls, the onion soup, the vegetable tempura, and so on.I have infrequently had issues with the food. I told them it was unacceptable and it was whisked away to be replaced with more than acceptable food. No grumbling, fussing, evil looks, or exasperated sighs - just a quick fix of the issue.I have never had any issue with the wait staff. We had an issue with one chef once. He simply couldn't get things right, he even dropped his knife. We didn't even say anything, but the manager showed up, brought us desert AND comped our entire meal. That speaks to the watchfulness of the management and their commitment to quality. My spouse can be a very particular eater. Yet we have returned time and again here because they get it right.The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars are the hours (they're closed between 2pm and 5pm right in the middle of MY lunch time), and they can be a bit pricey.
3	This is a place just like any other hibachi style place I have been to.  The building is a bit nicer than what I've seen at others, but that's about all that's different.I think this is a kind of place that is great to go to once for the show, or maybe if you're taking someone that's never been before, but after that, I don't see any reason to pay the price they expect for the food.It's a great show, and the food I had the other day was pretty damn great, but I wouldn't pay that amount again.The service at this one was ok.  It took forever from when we palced our order to get the chef out there to start cooking (Yes I know he probably has to get his mise en place ready once he receives the order from the waitress), but we were waiting for quite a while.  Also, at the end of our meal, it took an equally long time just to get the bill.One nice thing they do is if it's someone's birthday, they take a picture and print it out for you right there...so that's a kinda nice touch.
4	I love this place! its really fun to watch the cooks make the food right in front of you for appetizer i had California Rolls (which i recommend) Saki (its OK but i personally don't care for rare-ish meat for entree i had Spicy Hibachi Chicken with cucumbers, Chicken Fried rice ( THE BEST RICE) some onions and mushrooms it was Very tasty and superb service!
2	Been to  Benihana's a couple of times, but this last visit was a complete disaster.  The table next to us was seated 10 minutes after we were, and they got their drinks, soup, salad, and food before us.  They also left 40 minutes before our table did.Our waiter apparently failed at being a chef, and decided to try his luck serving.  He didn't know the menu, he asked me three times about the Salmon Nigiri that I ordered, twice confusing it for sake.  It's a Japanese restaurant, you'd think he'd have basic sushi nailed down.    Instead of serving his single table, he was singing happy birthday to a few other groups.  The fried rice was literally....fried.Afterwards I spoke with the Manager.  I'm usually not one to complain, and I wasn't rude or anything, but just wanted to bring up the situation to management.  He wasn't surprised at all, and even told me that he knew this particular server was lagging...horribly.  For the life of me I can't figure out why NO ONE stepped in to help the poor guy throughout our 2 HOUR dinner fiasco.  No trainer, no help, nada.I can tell you I won't be back until I get my free birthday meal, but even then, for the price I'll pay just for my spouse's meal, I'll consider a number of places before stopping here again.
2	I've been to Benihana and other teppanyaki places before. This one sucked. I decided it would be fun to suprise my five year old daughter with a new experience - Benihana's! I talked up the place all the way there - they will cook the food in front of us and do tricks - you won't beleive it! Her eyes were so big as we walked in and I couldn't wait to see her amazement at the show and food. I was shocked to see that the kid's chicken lunch was $11 and my chicken and shrimp was $15 on the lunch menu. The entire meal (no alcohol included) was $40. There are so many more affordable tasty options in this area! What a waste!!!Now, part of the bad experience was not entirely the restaurant's fault. There were three spooky teenage boys at our table that were looking for trouble. They were yelling at the staff and being very rude. Part of my review of two stars is because the restaurant never asked them to quiet down or leave. They were yelling at the poor lady that made our food thru the entire meal, "cook it all the way thru. don't put any spices on it. don't burn it!" Then, every few minutes, they would go stand behind people at other tables to watch how their food was prepared. Every protective bone in my body was on guard with these little punks. Why wouldn't the restaurant ask them to leave?SO, the lady that did the tricks was very underwhelming. I am not sure if she was always this way, or just this way because of the spooky boys at our table. Either way, it was a terrible experience and I will not go back there.
3	Why did it feel like I was the only person that has NOT eaten at Benihana?  Probably because I was.  Anyway, I am a huge fan of teppanyaki and have been to several other places around the valley who do it quite well.  I mean how can you not love flaming onion volcanoes, shrimp acrobatics and other food awesomeness?  It's like a circ du solei of food!  Yet I didn't listen to almost everyone I know or 2/3rds of the Yelp reviews saying this place isn't all that wonderful.  Ok, ok - one point Yelp and my friends; zero points Jason.  Benihana isn't in fact all that great.Benihana is however good at making a teppanyaki place that runs like a well oiled machine or at least a ride at Disney Land.  They shuffle you in, wait until your table is full, put on a little show, charge you way too much then shuffle you out the door to make room for the next group.Aside from the food being waaaaay overpriced, the service is excellent and meals tasty.  The "show" isn't bad either.  Except now they aren't allowed to do any of the cool stuff because people were apparently getting hurt from flying shrimp and flaming onion volcanoes.  And Benihana being a corporate chain behemoth decided they better do away with the "dangerous" stuff.  Bummer!In my option the food and service is on par with just about any other teppanyaki place around.  So, if you have a hankering for the stuff you are probably better off going to Ichi Bahn or some other place that may be cheaper, not feel like a Disney ride, and do cooler food tricks n' stuff.  But, if you must go, sign up for Benihana's birthday club thing because they will give you a $30 gift certificate which is pretty solid and the reason why I went.
2	Bland, bland, bland...They used the same spices, or combination of spices, for nearly every dish that came out- salt, pepper, sesame seeds, lemon, soy sauce, garlic butter. Rinse, lather, repeat. I don't know if I could have tasted anything more boring. We got the chicken and shrimp dish for two, which was only about $32 which I'm thankful for now. If I spent any more, I would have been really sad.  My other friend ordered the fillet with teriyaki sauce instead of the garlic sauce, and while it was decent, it definitely wasn't worth the price tag. While the show was nice and the service good, the food was obviously overpriced and not tasty. They have a program where you sign up on their email list and get sent a $30 gift certificate during your birthday month. It's kind of sad when you go to a place and think the food is so boring that you wouldn't even come back for a free meal on your birthday.
4	So this is my first time to a Teppanyaki restaurant. We came for a friend's graduation reception, large group with friends and family (I'd say about 30 people?) It's pretty cool to see the chef cook right in the front, our chef was entertaining enough to show off some of his skills to get our laughter. The food was decent, I had the Land n' Sea (filet mignon and scallops), especially with the 'meat sauce?'. The veggies were pretty good too, but our combination had a bit too much of onions, I think.Overall the night was fun, however, with a pre-selected menu special for the graduate, I can't tell about the prices. I might have to come back my own to know it, lol
3	went for a late lunch today. there were probably about 10 other people there. seemed like everyone was there for a birthday. the song they sing is sure to make you feel awkward. then, you get some free pineapple, and they take a digital picture of you, which instantly prints out and gets put into a benihana paper frame. cute.food is decent, but it's pricey for what it is.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible!Tonight I went to Benihana for the first time for my friend's birthday. We had a reservation for 8:00PM for 20 people. My friends and I arrived at 7:52PM and we let them know we were ready to be seated...since one person who was with our group was not there we had to wait to be seated...ok that's fine. So at about 8:20 the last person arrives and we ask to be seated. The hostess told us that we could not be seated since our reservation had to be given up. I asked why and she said cause our entire party wasn't here by 8:15. I couldn't believe that they didn't tell us about this rule! We were given free appetizers and some free rolls for the incontinence (which makes me think they double booked our table). At 9:25 we were FINALLY seated! I asked a hostess if she could bring me some soy sauce since I had ordered rolls at the bar and she said sure. 15 minutes later I still had not gotten my soy sauce so I got up and looked for it myself. I have been a hostess before and MANY MANY times I have accommodated guests by getting them little things that they need even if I was not their server.I finished my rolls and shortly after I was sick. Seriously horrible customer service, horrible food and I will NOT be returning and I highly suggest that no one else visit this Benihana!
5	The food is amazing. The price is amazing for what you get.I mean think about it. It is cooked in front of you, it is quality. You are surrounded by positive energy. I rarely have a bad experience at Benihana. They always make you feel welcome.It is definitely worth the price in my opinion. And in Benihanas defense. People say that $35 for a plate is expensive.. Remember. for $35 you usually get some seafood. Shrimp, Hibachi rice. veggies a salad and greentea. So you get lots and lots with there $35 meal.If you haven't gone there yet. Go!!!!!!!!! You will love it.
3	The food is good. The service is good. But one thing sticks out so much from my last time eating at Benihana... It is, by far, the most pretentious restaurant I've eaten at. Every single employee from the hostess, to the server, to the chef, to the manager, asked us if we celebrating a special occasion. Why didn't they just say we're so over priced, no one would eat here unless it's their anniversary or birthday. There are so many other teppanyaki restaurants around the valley that are just as good, if not better. I would probably go to one of them (many of which are not chains) before heading back to Benihana.
1	The performance was mediocre,We had a tough time obtaining water.The food was overpriced compared to what it was.The quality I got wasn't worth the price.
4	We were greeted and seated quickly and two other couples were sat at our table.  We went to celebrate a birthday.  The chef was entertaining.  The food was cooked well and had good flavor when you use the sauces.  I liked the red sauce but if you like mustard, you'd like the yellow sauce.  There was one point where  the waitress got busy and a few drinks sat empty for a minute but I was impressed that the manager was walking around throughout the time and caught the dry drinks.  There's almost nothing worse than DDS (dry drink syndrome)!  We definately had a nice time but for the price, I would only go there if I had a discount--especially in this economy where my dollar needs to go a lot farther.
2	Had dinner here the other night for my birthday.  I've been to teppanyaki restaurants before and have had a good time as the chef always told jokes while he was cooking and really kept us entertained throwing stuff up in the air.  So we decided to try Benihana's.  Unfortunately, I think maybe our chef was new as he really just concentrated on his cooking and didn't tell a single joke.  His "performance" was boring, I think he only got 2 shrimp tails in his hat!  The food was very pricey, but the shrimp was tasty.  You need to eat as you go otherwise the food gets cold.  They brought the rice too early and it sat there getting cold while the chef was cooking the meats.  They need little rice pots with a lid instead of the bowls.They also kept pushing the birthday club and the manager even came around and handed each of us a form to fill out.  This just wasn't the experience I was hoping for.
4	People love to hate Benihana's and I am not sure why? We took advantage of their happy hour and had a great time and great meal. Selected sushi & apps are 50% off and drink prices are almost reasonable. To quality for happy hour prices you must sit in the bar area. Our server was the bartender and she was amazing! Friendly and knowledgeable. She never missed a beat. We ordered 5 or 6 rolls and the stand out was the rainbow roll. Fish tasted really fresh and tasted delicious. You must try the goza's, they reminded me of goza's I have tried in Vancouver BC and San Francisco.Lot of food and drink and bill was only $40 before tip!
4	Decided to stop here for lunch and wasGlad I did. Seated quickly. Ordered box lunch which consisted of 4 pieces of tuna (albacore and yellowfin), 4 California rolls, small salad, miso soup, a piece of teriyaki salmon, 2 shrimp tempura, 4 vegetable tempura, and rice! Wow!! Oh and edamame...ridiculous portion! Everything was really good. Salmon was cooked and portioned well. Teriyaki not bad. Shrimp good, well everything was surprisingly good and all for $10....that's right $10....the price for the portions and taste was deserving of 3.5 to 4 stars..service was also excellent...
4	I don't get why there are so many haters of Benihana! If you are looking for good teppanyaki japanese cooking, this is a very good place for it. I have tried many things here but you know what they don't get enough credit for? Their sushi! The Vegas roll at Benihana is the best vegas roll I have ever had and might actually be my favorite sushi roll ever! Now, onto their regular food, I have tried many menu items and all have been good. That includes: teriyaki steak, hibachi chicken, hibachi shrimp, spicy hibachi chicken, and colossal mango shrimp. However, the best dishes I ordered here in addition to their Vegas Roll are the yakisoba and the hibachi scallops. These are both delicious and some of the better values on the menu I felt. The fried rice is 1.25 more to add on and although tasty, I don't feel that its worth it to pay extra. It is fun to watch them make it though. Here's the weird thing: my favorite part of the meal (next to the Vegas roll) is their vegi's. The zucchini and onions taste sooo good with all the butter in them!!! Of course, everything is better with butter! Another good thing about the meals is you get soup and salad so you feel like the price is a little more reasonable. The soup is very brothy but has a great onion flavor to it. The salad on the other hand has a ginger dressing that I am not a fan of. All in all, benihana, although a little overpriced, has some terrific food and its a great place to take a date. The show the chefs put on it very fun, however, it doesnt change much from chef to chef if you have been more than once. Oh one other understated item: their tempura banana's for dessert. Delectable! Everyone should try Benihana and their dam Vegas Roll at least once in their lives. A final tip: If you expect great service, do not sit in the bar to have dinner. We made the mistake of doing that once and had to wait forever for everything! Sit at the tables if you are planning to have more than drinks. WORD!
3	Atmosphere is great. Birthday celebration with family and Friends... Everyone very friendly..service was great.  I was not impressed with the food so much. Just not my thing. I had the salad which came with alot of extras, very filling, but nothing special..sorry!  But the restuarant was very busy.
5	The best dining experience in a long time. It's more like the Jungle Cruise but with food.  Great service. Great (right at your table) chef. And we got out if there spending less  than we planned. I forgot that its kid friendly too. If you've never tried it, I highly recommend it
3	08/18 and 08/19Came to check out Benihana's happy hour and sat at the bar.  One bartender was more eager than the other to answer my questions regarding my food issues, but both were gracious and friendly.  I wondered if they split the tips evenly?Tried a few plates...  Some were 50% off, and some were slightly reduced.  The menu pricing was a little confusing, and I hope that this is corrected in the near future.The seaweed salad was OK.  Don't know if I would pay the full price of $3.75, though.  (And for 50%, or was it $3?, I don't think it was worth that, either.)  The gyoza was also just OK- a bit on the bland side and a bit lacking on the mouth-feel aspect.  The asparagus tempura plate was a nice surprise; However, the greasiness got to me, and in the end, I was stripping the batter off of the spears more due to necessity, and not w/ the sadness I normally would be feeling from having to trim off delightful cruchiness, bec. otherwise I couldn't enjoy the meal knowing I'd ingested all of that excess oil!  The tuna sashimi was very good and substantial, compared to all of the "light" apps that I tasted before it.  The spicy yellowtail was also very nice, although the jalapenos were a bit too much, so I just scooped them off to the side.  Really liked the acidic component of this dish!  With all the HH reductions, I wasn't thrilled w/ this meal, but at least I know which to revisit and which to pass next time.Lunch was also a bit disappointing.  Both lunch boat and duet came w/ many components, but Mom and I only truly enjoyed the salad, the chicken (it was good, although I couldn't eat much of it), the salmon sashimi, and the runaway hit, beef julienne (both off of the boat).  Since these came, for the most part, in two-bite portions, we didn't feel like we received our money's worth.  Looking back, I know we won't be returning any time soon.
4	I had an excellent time here 2 weekends ago, and experienced great customer service and ate like a king of yore. The staff were attentive, helpful, and always there when you needed them. Will be heading back here soon, I'm sure.
2	First I must disclose that I'm coming from a vegetarian stand point, and would have never chosen this restaurant if it was up to me.  This night, it wasn't up to me so I joined a group of 6 on a Friday night around 7pm.  It was packed and we had about a 20 minute wait.We were sat with 2 strangers at the community table, which seemed kind of awkward.  As a vegetarian, I saw one large slab of grill? skillet? and could only think of meat juices touching my noodles.  Sure, I get it, my grilled cheese at another restaurant may be made on the same surface as a burger....but at least I don't have to see it!  Anywho, my edamame and noodles were tasty for what they were.  The service was pretty attentive and the cook was somewhat engaging (could've been better).  Overall, it just wasn't my cup of tea.
3	I hadn't been to one of these places where the food is actually cooked in front of you.  Ultimately, it allows you to really get into how this restaurant works, but it kind of backfires:  I know enough to cook Japanese-style now for about 1/10th the price.   The layout here is kind of weird.  Forget anything intimate--I was kind of fearing the placement of our largely dysfunctional get together near the rather normal couple, but it worked out well enough.   Problems arise in the layout of the place--everybody faces out a window with the majority having their backs to the entrances (I hate that).  The "view" is a massive parking lot bookended by a La-Z-Boy store and a Chili's.  Switching the layout of the place might have been a small salvation.  What you're really getting is the cooking show, worthy of a sixth star:  our chef was extremely friendly and we had a great time as our food was cooked.  But it's not a grand luxury, it's just Eastern efficiency.  You don't wait for your food, they don't have to hire expos, and they need less kitchen infrastructure.  As soon as the food is done, it's on your plate--the tradeoff of the show as I would have liked to have it all out at the same time.   Something is slightly taken away from it when the other chef on the other table does the train sound again with his butcher knife; It feels like a pre-programmed repertoire to go with the pre-programmed food.  This is why chains leave me bitter, even good ones like Benihana.   The ingredients are nothing special--for a table of 7 they bust out a few zucchinis, a couple handfuls of generic white mushrooms, a couple white onions, small slabs of steak and chicken, etc.  What really gives this place its Denny's-plus quality was immediately apparent in the side salad--a bag of store bought mix and a couple tomatoes.  It appears to add up to a lot of food, but I've spent less at other restaurants and usually bring home a box.  The sauces they use are what saves the place food wise, but they're all clearly pre-made elsewhere for a generic nationwide palette--the hot mustard just wasn't hot, at all.  On the other hand, the two ginger sauces, a red one in the meat and a yellow one in the salad were absolutely delicious.Unfortunately, this place severely loses on price and service.  The server was basically gone the whole time.  Fuck her.  She splits her tip with the awesome chef and drags his performance down.  At one point I got up and went back to the front end to ask for the bathroom, waiting impatiently for the hostess to finish chatting with a friend who came in with another table.  What the hell?  The bathroom itself was a sticky-floored mess--something I would expect at Veterans Memorial Coliseum or some douchebag bar, not a place that charges this much for dinner.  Drinks were extremely expensive, charging $9 for a 22-oz bottle of beer.   The magic here is the presentation, the sauce, and the overall delivery, but it's severely hampered by food quality, prices, and poor service.  It would have been two stars, but I couldn't be angry at the place after having such wonderful ice cream and a picture (scantly offered as it were) at the end.  Overall, Benihana is worth the one-time experience but needs significant improvement to happily lure me back as a repeat customer.
4	This was my second time dining at this Benihana (not my first teppanyaki experience), and we were out for one of my bf Sarah's birthday. We had a 7:30 reservation, and were seated at around 7:40 (why they make reservations, who knows?). There were six of us, and another couple was seated at our table. One of my gripes with this style of cooking, is that the dining space is super tiny. With all of our drinks (one each) at the table, there was hardly any room for error. Either way, our server was super nice and took very good care of us. The meal was good, albeit expensive, which is what one should expect when going to Beniana's. Everything was cooked great though, very fresh and yummy. This is definitely a place that you come for the experience as well as the food.
2	i know people love this place, but I'm sorry i just feel like it is an overrated chain. Even our waitress was like," no I would not recommended that" i mean what does that tell you? she literally had something negative to say about 4 different dishes we asked her about.we appreciated the honesty and left after we finished our drinks and I never just walk out of restaurants. I just love my mom and pop places for Asian, Japanese and Chinese food...Benihanas just cannot seem to impress me.At least i tried right?
4	Just got back from our yearly birthday visit.  Hey, they give you a $30 gift card to use on your birthday so I'm sold.Top notch experience throughout the night.  Over the years, we always get the same lady trying to upsell all the food and drinks.  I always go with the mojito (two or three) followed by a Kirin.  Yum Yum.  I had the filet mignon and shrimp. Awesome.The best part, of course, is the chef.  Here, it's either hit or miss.  One year we got a Mexican woman and it just wasn't the same.  This year, we had Chu and he was excellent. (Though he told us how to say I Love You in Japanese and I pointed out that it was Chinese - he was a little surprised :-)Also, my 6 year old came up to me during dinner and whispered, "mommy, if you made salad like this I would eat it every night."  Quick, get me the recipe!!!!Something I've always wondered is whether you're supposed to tip the chef, so I asked on the way out.  The manager told me that the chef and waitress split the tip 50/50 but the chef always appreciates something extra.Don't we all :-)
3	Stopped in for Happy Hour on a Thursday evening after receiving a tip it's a nice undiscovered spot.The prices where exceptional. They boasted an okay selection in martinis ($5) and bottled beers (Bud Light $3, Kirin Light $4) and offered other cocktails and well drinks. The food was excellent and the price was ridiculously low. We enjoyed beef dumplings (~$3.50), rainbow rolls ($5.25) and another appetizer that was so uninspiring I already forgot what it was. Our server, who was also the bartender, was getting worked by the non-stop mass of people waiting for tables, and making drinks. She had another bartender to help but he seemed to focused on grumbling and giving the bar a really negative vibe. Overall, we all have bad days, so being my first visit to Benihana, I'll take it as that. The good prices and pretty good food will have me returning soon enough.
1	So we found out why people hate this place.  We were cut off after probably drinking enough cocktails, but that is not the bad part.  I understand when a restaurant thinks someone has had enough to drink and they say no more.  The crazy part is they also cut us off from eating....What???  Awkward and embarrassing,  won't be back :-(
2	Eh.  It's entertaining.  You are paying for the entertainment with higher food prices for food that really isn't all that impressive.  Not sure what's changed for me.  Maybe my taste buds have gotten wiser over the last 3 years.
4	you need to come here for their happy hour, when their sushi prices are cheap!!! I don't like spending too much money for dinner, so I avoid the grill, but happy hour is a completely different story, two can dine with drinks included for under $25 total!!
4	Benihana is the best place ever. Keep in mind this is the kind of place that is not cheap, however there are more affordable choices if you look for them. This location is pretty good however the waitresses are slow to refill drinks. You sometimes have to ask for refills because the waitresses are off talking to each other. Also I would suggest making reservations when you go. It is hit and miss crowded. Sometimes you go on a random Tuesday night and it's a 2 hour wait sometimes you can just walk in and sit down. If you make a reservation you aren't always seated right away, you typically have to wait at least 10 minutes, which is better than 2 hours. The food is excellent, I recommend the seafood diablo dish and its only about 20 bucks! Its has scallops, shrimp,calamari, veggies and noodles. It is a little spicy but you can ask for them to not put on the sauce that makes it spicy. Our chef was Scott and he happened to be the head chef. He was amazing and hilarious, unlike any chef we have had before. To top it off, if you sign up on their website you get $30 to spend there on anything! AWESOME!
1	Go there for the "show" (cooks making loud noises with their knives and telling cheesy jokes and then dropping food with their clumsy hands) not so much for the greasy, below-average food. You'd be better going to Sakana, Kabuki, or even RA; that is, if you have fun friends like I do and do not need a circus freak to cook for you.And that waitress: "more tea?... more tea?... more tea?" every five minutes. Here's some clues: * It's 100 degrees outside.* I am sitting next to a grill.* I am eating spicy food.* and last, but not least: My cup is empty.Yes, I'd like more iced tea. Please.
4	We have ate here several times and have always had good experiences.  The food may not be the absolute best you have ever had, but for a social setting this is one of the best.  We came here for my girlfriends birthday with a party of 12, and everyone had a good time.  Only complaint I can think of is that out of the 5+ times coming here we have only had a asian cook 1 time.  Its ok thou, they all do the onion volcano and make it fun.
5	Chef Randy  and server Shizuka are a great combination. Made my first experience at Benihana exceptional...despite the other poor reviews. I will be back!!! :)Also...please try the coconut mojito! so yummy.
3	Went there to have dinner just now. Waited in the line for around 10 minutes and my name is called. I have been asked to sit at a teppanyaki table, together with another 2 groups of people (one with 4 and another with 2). Teppanyaki is not my choice for tonight, I just want to have my Sashimi. I ordered the Sashimi Combination with Rice after ordering the drinks and waited for quite some time. Finally, the drink is served and the food come next. First, it is the Miso Soup. Just a very normal one. Next is the Salad. Nothing to shout about. I started to eat and the rest of the 6 people, talking and having their drinks, while seeing me eat. Finally, comes my Sashimi. Yummy. There are 5 types of Sashimi. Each has 3 slices. Nice!Just before I finished the dinner, the chef came and started to cook for the rest of the people. Some notes I want to mention here:1. The lady at the table is very annoying. I wish I can sit at another table rather than the teppanyaki table.2. I think the staff should have asked before serving the customers to the table whether teppanyaki or not teppanyaki. Or maybe they only have teppanyaki table? No idea.3. The waiting time is quite long for the waitress to come taking the  order. For those who ordered the teppanyaki, make sure you are not very hungry at that time.Overall, the food is good. If not because of the annoying lady and the waiting time, I would give it a 4 star instead of 3. The lady is really spoiling my dinner mood.
4	This place is really good. More family friendly than other restaurants of its type.
4	It was my 1st time to Benihana's and it was a free meal for my birthday day! I went with my friends on a Thursday night, we had 6:30 pm reservations, we got their early so we hit the bar for happy hour, let me tell you I think I have found me a new drink!! The Mango Saketini!! Ohh mmmyy goodnesss its sooo yummy! Had me about 3 of them that night, man why is it that Thursday nights always feel like it should be a Friday,,,I don't get it. We got to our table and come to find out their where 2 other birthday girls! So 3 at one table! Leos rule I say!   Our chef for the night was Roberto, he was cute and put on a good show, our servers I didn't catch their names, one was nice eye candy, ladies let me tell you Benihana's has some nice looking eye candy!  Of course our server kept calling me ma'am must have had my grandma gear on haha. But about the food, let me tell you!! I ordered  1/2 rolls of the Boston & Philly sushi rolls, both where delish and so fresh, the salmon and tuna was soo dang good made me wish I ordered full rolls. For dinner I ordered the hibachi steak, my friends ordered the Land n Sea and Deluxe Treat, now let me tell you  on the land n sea the scallops where buttery good and the shrimp appetizer, I don't even like shrimp, but was very sad to see mine was all gone, it was that good.  The lobster on the deluxe treat wasn't that good to me, it was fishy. The veggies where very fresh and grilled just right, I didn't care for the dipping sauce for the veggies, it was a little too salty for me.  But overall the place and the food were great! I'm guessing Benihana's from what I saw is the type of place you goto for a special occasion and the place had a great vibe and great staff, can't wait until I get to help celebrate a friend's birthday or whatever reason that brings me back to Benihana's...Shoot might just goto Happy Hour to get that dang Mango Saketini!
5	First time visit was not a very good experience. Anyhow, I went there again for few times since I like Japanese food a lot. I ordered the Sushi and Sashimi Combination. The Sashimi was really good with big slices and the Sushi was very yummy. Due to this, I ordered Sashimi Combination again for my another visit. Most people go there for the Teppanyaki. However, don't miss out their Sashimi and Sushi as well.
4	Would be a five star, but the ambience is all wrong here. In other Benihanas I have been to the lighting has been much lower. Here we kind of felt as if we were in a spot light all night (hibachi tables). Our server was great, our hibachi cook was very entertaining, and they made our five year anniversary one to remember. For that, we will be back, but turn down the dang lights!
3	Went here on Wednesday to take advantage of the $30 certificate. It was quite busy, which probably shouldn't of been a shock, location and all, so had to wait awhile but that is the risk of not getting reservations right? =P. Anyways, spent time in the bar which was nice, the bartenders were willing to answer questions, though not always the most chatty, but I think that was due more to how busy it was then not being friendly. The happy hour prices looked pretty good, $2 hot sake, $3 beer, $4-5 cocktails. Sushi was also on the cheap, Nigiri was from about 1.25-2 dollars I believe, and the other rolls ran from 3-5 dollars at the worst. They also have some non-sushi appetizers on there. Once we got a table, we were paired with another group, which was actually a nice experience as I do like the communal type seating stuff. Granted if you have a small group and not a fan of eating with strangers, might not like it much. Since it is a place I always consider more about a show then the food, going to start with that first. The show was eh, they do some of the knife play stuff, and a few things here and there, but honestly it wasn't all that exciting compared to the other place I've been (Sakura). The chef was friendly though, and the server was personable so that is a plus. Otherwise was a bit disappointed with the show portion of the meal. As for the food, I had the Filet Mignon and lobster tail. The filet was supposed to be medium, but came out more medium well in my opinion. It was lightly seasoned, leaving mostly a beef flavor then anything else. Now it had a good beef flavor, so by no means complaining just like a bit more seasoning personally. The lobster tail was good, buttery from the butter, but more importantly nice and sweet. How it is to other lobster tails? can't really tell you as I don't eat it that much (college students don't exactly have that sort of cash you know? =P). But again thought it was good, wasn't fishy and nice and sweet. At the end it came with a choice of ice cream, I tried the green tea ice cream which about the same as any other green tea ice cream I've had. Basically its sweet, with a hint of green tea taste, and that is about it. They have to sing to you of course, and they take a picture which they give you with a code you can access for up to 60 days (I believe) to download it, which is a nice touch. For the money, I really wouldn't go unless I had the certificate, however I would go back for the happy hour, probably my favorite thing of the whole night.
3	My husband and I went there for my birthday dinner as they sent me a $30 certificate. Last year we did the same but in Miami and I loved the sushi. But the sushi at this location was not as good as in Miami as the fish was not very fresh. We both ordered sushi combination deluxe. I loved the eel. It was very fatty and tasty with the sauce. Raw shrimp, salmon and yellow tail were nice too but the rest were just okay. The fish egg sushi tasted really weird. It was like someone poured 1 TBS of sake on the top by accident and I barely could swallow down in my throat. It was very busy and loud on Thursday night. We did not want to wait for seats so we decided to sit and eat at the bar area. The waiter was very nice but not around most of the time so we could not get another cup of tea. It took a while to get soy sauce for sushi too. After we finished dining, they sang a birthday song for me and took a picture which I could download from their website. I think it is a good service and I want them to keep it. Maybe the location (Phoenix) affected the freshness of sushi. The sushi at their Miami location was fresh and tasty. Maybe other food there is nice. We did not try their teppanyaki. You can choose a table where they cook in front of you at the table. That could be a nice and fun performance to see. Overall our experience was good and I recommend this place for fun occasions.
3	Same as it always was, sames as it always was.To borrow a quote for the Talking Heads, thank you very much.Fun when you are will a fun crowd.  The chef also helps and ours was cool.  Scott, our white but swears he's the brother of a Japanese chef, was cool.Prices are high, to be expected with high end meat and seafood.And yes, we must always upgrade to the chicken fried rice.I love the ginger sauce over the mustard based sauce.  It has a nice tang and goes well with everything.  Your chef will give you more if you happen to use all of yours over the fried rice as I did.I recommend going with 8 people.  Take the whole table and take all for yourselves.  I suggest any meat and seafood combo.  i recommend upgrading to the fried rice.  And if you have a whimsical side, get the drink that comes in a ceramic Buhdda.Cheers.
1	I have eaten at Benihana several times and usually find the food and service consistent and decent, so when my husband and myself stopped into the Chandler location for a late lunch yesterday we expected just that.  When we checked in, I informed the host that I have a shellfish allergy and could not be seated at a teppanyaki where it was being served.  We were made to wait in the lobby of an almost empty restaurant for 20 min before being seated at an empty table.  The host snipped "we have to give you a private table cuz of your allergy".  Well, excuse me...  Next we waited another 15 minutes for a server, at which point we were told it was past lunch hour and we would have to pay dinner prices.  We asked to speak to the manager.  Bradley Freeborn the restaurant manager was rude, unapologetic, and smirked when I told him that I felt singled out for my allergy as if to say "you should have to pay more!"  Appalling!  Forget this restaurant!  If you're going to spend upwards of $30 per person on a meal, go to Sapporo's in Scottsdale instead.  Food is FAR better, price is about the same, and they treat their customers with RESPECT!
3	The decor/lighting at this Chandler location leaves a lot to be desired but aside from that, it's a perfectly adequate experience for a teppanaki-style dinner.It's always more enjoyable with a lively group but the cooks are always entertaining, in a cheesy, G-rated kind of way.As for the food, I agree that the SUSHI here is always tasty but I've gotten rolls where the rice wasn't sticky and the roll fell apart (never a good thing). Sashimi always tasted fresh and a decent portion for the price.I always upgrade to the Fried Rice and I recommend eating it right after it comes off the grill; otherwise, there's not much difference from the local Panda chain. The seafood/steak combinations are best but everyone knows that grilling shrimp/scallops/lobster is the quickest way to dry out/overcook seafood so it's never as enjoyable as sauteed or steamed seafood. But, alas, it's the experience of having it cooked in front of you that brings people back and that's probably why I go back 2-3 times a year.
5	While mesmerized by watching my dinner prepared some questions occurred to me.  Does this count as dinner theater?  How much sake can I consume?  Is a beating heart of rice romantic?  Will my wife be distressed because her tofu is where the shrimp was on the grill?  Is it okay to talk with my mouth full when asked a question by the wait staff (he contemplates the answer to this question at all restaurants)?  What is the meaning behind throwing shrimp tails into your hat and front left pocket?  Am I still writing coherently (he'll check later anyway)?  When did my daughter fall asleep on my shoulder?  Is my grandmother-in-law going to pay even though we came for her birthday?  When will the check come?  Answers: definitely, 2/3rd of the bottle, not really, probably, also probably, who knows, also who knows, a little after her bed time but before finishing her homework, she tried, and soon.
5	This is purely a Lunch Time review; i have never been here for dinner but am told the price difference is insane. For lunch, pop in and sit at the bar. get the Bowl w/Brown Rice ($9 w/Tax & Tip) or the Steak/Chicken Combo ($13 w/tax & tip). comes with a salad and some water to drink. service is great, food is awesome, and they always have ESPN on the tv. perfect.
2	Not worth it. Out waitress was horrible. She forgot to bring our salad and every time we wanted refills she was no where to be found. The chief was good and the food was good, but was small portions compared to most Japanese steak houses I have been to. Thought it was pricey too compared to similar places. What's up with having to pay extra for the fried rice, that's BS, every other place I have been that's included in the meal. Go some where else.
2	What a huge disappointment! I have been to several Benihana's in other states and even the one in Scottsdale. The chain in Chandler had the worst service ever. My first and last visit started with our group of 8 arriving at 5:50pm. We were told a 45 min wait. After all, we had a group large enough for one table no need to piece us with others. Finally at 7:15, I asked to speak to the manager. After complaining, we were immediately seated and given free appetizers. I thought the night would be salvaged. NoPE!! It took them until 8pm to start the grill and 8:15 until the chef started to cook. I will not be returning to this establishment anytime in the near future. Oh....and after that...I asked for no onions. Guess who had onions in their dish?!?!
2	We took our daughter for her birthday to the Chandler location...the food was nothing to brag about, the chef was o.k., but not too entertaining...over priced for what it is.  We ordered the hibachi chicken and steak for two for $45.00, which came with soup, salad, shrimp, chicken fried rice and some veggies.  The soup, was a basic broth with a couple of fried onions and green onions thrown in...the salad was iceberg lettuce with some grape tomatoes, shredded carrot, shredded purple cabbage and a dressing that was a bit bland.  Then we watched the chef grill up some shrimp, it was fine but nothing fancy there.  The chicken fried rice was prepared first, I ate it when given to me so I could eat it hot.  Then the chicken and steak was cooked up, with only salt and pepper, so pretty bland there...we were also given grilled onions and zucchini, also bland...so I won't be going back...perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but it wasn't too exciting for the price.
4	I love Benihana just for the fact that its not your typical dinner. When we go for dinner we always sit at the teppanyaki tables and then sit back and enjoy the show. Now while some of the chefs are better than others they are all pretty good in my book. Make sure you upgrade to the chicken fried rice its well worth the $3 extra. Every month they have a different special for two and its usually a good deal. This last time we went it was the chicken and steak for two and it was tasty. Make sure to ask for garlic butter on your entree if you like garlic because in my book it makes everything taste better. Overall we enjoy going to Benihana but not too often because it can get expensive quick lol... be sure to sign up for their email club and they will send you a $30 gift certificate for your birthday!
5	Absolutely love Benihanas! I always get the Philly Rolls as an appetizer and the Filet and Lobster as the meal. Soup is off tha chain and the vegetables are delicious with the main dish. Lobster is always cooked perfect and tender!
3	typical teppenyaki , food is ok but not that great that my palate would pay for that much. Meals range from $19-$45. I guess you pay for the "show" and not really for the food because you get the same or tastier meals from other vietnamese/japanese places without spending too much $$, but definitely worth the try if you wanna experience having your meals prepared in front of you. on the other hand, I loved their sesame ginger dressing that I could use that dipping for any meat or veggies. Total bill for two with a beer, a sake = $96
4	First of all, I just want to say THANK YOU to Benihanas.  I signed up for their birthday club, and received a voucher for $30 towards a birthday meal.  That's pretty huge, and I'm very grateful.But I have to calls em like I sees em.Let's start at the beginning.  The salad had a bit too much dressing on it.  Check out my photo of what was left at the bottom of my salad bowl and see for yourself.  I think the folks over at The Sushi Room have got a good grasp on salad dressing.The caterpillar and spicy tuna rolls were fantastic tasting and a good size.  This would be a great place for HH.I came here with my daughter.  We both wanted Chicken Yakisoba.  She ordered off of the lunch menu (around $8), and I ordered off the dinner menu (around $18) since I had the $30 credit.  Imaging my surprise when the waitress brought out two places of equal portions.  Where did the extra $10 go?  Oh yes, I did get a soup with my entree.Their yakisoba was just ok.  The chicken was a bit dry and the noodles had a taste I was not accustomed to.  Not terrible, but not a dish I'll be returning for anytime soon.When we were done, the waitress brought individually wrapped hand towels, something I would expect at a BBQ joint.  But Wow!!!  These hand towels are awesome.  So big and thick.  I wish Buffalo Wild Wings would give you these kind of hand towels, instead of the little thin ones that burn your hands and smell of lemon.For dessert, a large scoop of green tea ice cream, and a fried banana with vanilla ice cream.  Both were excellent.  I would order these again.And to top it off, the manager sauntered over to where we were seated and asked if we would like our picture taken.  I affirmed, and assumed a lean-over-the-table pose.  No more than two minutes later, he returned with a nicely framed picture of my birthday guests.  Superb!  100% impressed.Once again, thank you Benihana for making an otherwise normal birthday meal, special.  I'll be back for HH and desserts.
4	We headed over to Benihana Chandler for a pre-birthday celebration for me.  It was a Thursday night and I was sure glad we had reservations.  I was delighted that we were seated at a chef table with another group who were also celebrating birthdays.  It turned out to be an awesome evening.  We all had so much fun.  The Chef was friendly and really did a wonderful job.  The little touches like a mickey mouse shaped pile of rice was excellent.  The food was fresh and delicious.  I had the chicken and shrimp which was wonderful.  I also tried spicy tuna sushi (for the first time) and loved it.  They were very organized and attentive to our every need.  We were so full and got so much more food than I had expected (my entree included a soup, appetizer of shrimp and a salad that was excellent).  I was happy to use my birthday coupon they sent to me via email.  It saved me 30.00 off the bill.  This is a fun place for a special night, lots of energy going on in the room.  I cannot wait to go back.  I also noticed they had a huge drink list.  I did not drink any alcoholic beverage that evening but when I go back I plan to try one of their fun tropical drinks.  One of them was a huge "fish bowl" type glass. It seemed the entire place was celebrating birthdays.  Oh they also sing to you and give you a free ice cream if it's your birthday. All around fun.
5	Just one tip: before you visit, enter on their website for their "club". It's one of the best restaurant deals around! For my birthday I was emailed a coupon for a free meal, worth up to $30!!! Great service. They know how to treat their guests.
4	A visit to Benihana is a guarantee to be entertained. It's also a guarantee of some good food. It's not spectacular per say but the spectacle of watching your food get cooked in front of you is worth it. There are many simple ingredients and the recipes are straight forward. The meat and seafood are of a good standard.The dishes are classic tepanyaki/hibachi. Similar food can of course be found in smaller independent japanese and east asian places. Tasty and colorful but not necessarily novel. Their sushi and sashimi selection is good and a nice addition to their menu choices. Service is attentive and polite and the restaurant looks fine. Prices are reasonable for this type of place. All in all it's a nice place to go out to once in awhile. If you have never tried this type of dining then it's a must go at least once!
1	If your restaurant closes at 10 pm then why can't I order fried rice TOGO at 9:30?!! That's absolutely ridiculous, I work in the industry and we would NEVER turn away business because "we are getting ready to close". Extremely rude job hostess!!
3	If you haven't experienced it, definitely recommend it!!  Loved the food and the service.  The prices are a bit high, but used a birthday voucher for $30 to supplement.  (You can only sign up at the restaurant).  Go early to avoid a  long wait.  Be sure to get the fried rice, it is worth it.
5	I had a great experience at Benihana last night. My in-laws took me there for my birthday--seriously does anyone go to Benihana for anything other than their birthday? The food was great and our chef, Jeremy, put on a great show though I did notice some of the other teppanyaki cooks were a bit more animated.The onion soup, salad and shrimp appetizer were as good as ever and the signature Mai Tai in a Buddha mug was delicious. I ordered the Splash 'N Meadow and asked for my meat to be cooked medium rare. It was the perfect texture and temperature. The shrimp were great, too. My husband had the mango shrimp and really liked them though he did mention the sauce was a bit sweeter than he'd anticipated. The staff was really great and made sure we all had constant refills. Our server was very attentive and helpful when ordering. Go here for your next birthday but make sure you go online and get the free birthday coupon first.
4	Went for the 2nd time last night for my Daughter's and Brothers Birthday's.  After bragging how great it was the last time I was a little let down. Still was a great experience and everyone loved it, but our chef was not as good or "showey" as the first time. I remembered the food being a little better too. Don't get me wrong it was very good, but a little less flaverful than on my initial visit.  If you have never been it is welll worth the price (average $40-50 per minimum, we had 9 and 2 were kids, total was Just under $400).  Let me also say if you like fried rice, go the extra $3. you will not be dissapointed!!
5	Never disappointed! We go often and it's always Perfect! The sushi is the Best! We always go for all birthdays, our anniversary, and just because, and it's always a fun night with exceptional food!
2	I was in the area for a conference so I got the opportunity to spend my per diem money on their all you can eat sushi.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.  So disappointed that I just couldn't keep eating it anymore for the sake of being full.  I actually went somewhere else, because I was still hungry, and got a sandwich.  The reasons why I didn't enjoy my meal:1.  Rice was super mushy.  Eventually, every sushi they served me had medicre rice, which totally ruined the whole meal.  2.  They put so much rice in their sushi so that AYCE diners will get full sooner.   I actually had to tell the sushi chef to kick back on the rice.3.  The fish was not as fresh as I am used to in Southern California.  One of the servers told me that this was a common complaint by non-local diners. Needless to say, I didn't go back here during my remaining 3 days.  I actually preferred the Japanese mall food court restaurant over this.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of Benihana...but this one failed me.
3	I would give this place 3.5 but since there's no half points I feel that to honor the truth, 3 is more accurate. The fist time I went I didn't like it at all. Lame food, lame service but a great show for my kid (the cooking at the table is pretty entertaining)So since I had family visiting I decided to go there for the third time. The food was way better than the first time (nothing to die for, but a fair taste) and the rations were decent. Good service, good ambiance and all in all, a good place for a casual diner.
5	love this place,went here a couple of times for my birthday and my son's birthday and they did a great job singing in japanese and english.great food! i do prefer the asain chef there though, he seemed more alive in his cooking than the hispanic one.but still good food.
4	I've been here for the live cooking and loved it. I went last night to use my birthday certificate and found them to be really crowded, with a wait for everywhere. I was bummed, but I had to use my certificate that day. I got put on the list, but the hostess didn't ask which list I wanted to be on (chef's table or regular) and I assumed that meant I would get the first available. However, we went to check and she said that there was a wait for the regular dining and would I like to be on that list too. Well, yeah. I didn't come here to sit. I asked about the lounge area. It had a wait too. Basically you can go get a drink and take it back to the waiting area. Ugh, ok. Thankfully when we got seated, the server was really cool. I forgot his name, they don't seem to have name tags. He was great, the food was good, so the experience was saved. Just dealing with that hostess who didn't want to willingly provide information was a pain. I've seen perkier people working at Denny's. A place of that caliber should make better sure that people who are paid to make you feel welcome in that establishment at least smile.
5	Taylor was more then you could ask for.  It was my son's birthday and he made it more than fun!  The food was excellent and cooked to perfection.  The show that taylor put on was perfect!  I recommend this Benihana to anyone. I have been to it 3 times now and enjoyed each visit.
4	Happy hour is pretty dang good here, though jalapenos seem to be a favorite topping on their sushi.  The sashimi ceviche is quite delish as well as their other sashimi dishes.  Definetly worth the trip.
3	I enjoy the atmosphere and how they cook in front of u. It's a very unique experience. I liked the food and drinks. Had no complaints there. I will say the bathrooms looked like they hadn't been cleaned for a few months. There was no paper towels or toilet paper either.
3	The restaurant is still a fun destination for family events, birthdays, etc.   The food is pricey (about $25 a person) not including drinks,  but the portions are reasonably large.  Overall the  food on its own is a little bland tasting, but sauces are provided to experiment with.
4	Probably the best food for this type of dining.  Our chef, Jeff, was great!
4	This is the 2nd time my Wife and I have been here and we've experienced wonderful, "very" attentive service and our dinner was great.  We waited about 10 minutes and were seated. I had the soup, salad and ocean treasure with fried rice and it was super. My Wife had the Filet Mignon and I tasted some of hers we agreed it was great. With my vanilla ice cream and her green tea (excellent) ice cream we left stuffed and happy... give it a try.
2	As far as teppanyaki restaurants go this one isn't top of my favorites. 2 stars for good service and a nice setting... I'm docking 3 stars for my food being over cooked and not being offered anything to replace it, and our chef not doing any sort of classic teppanyaki cooking tricks (making oil light on fire, flipping shrip at people, bouncing his utensils around.. ect). Decent place to eat, but not a value for what you pay for.
1	Show lacked style, what happened to this place, supposed to be cream of the crop, and in one word I describe it as..overrated. Steaks over cooked portions small, and show wasnt as good as our neighborhood teppanyyaki, save your cash
4	We went to our first one in Hawaii on our honeymoon and loved it. We went here on our anniversary in April. Of course the food was good and the entertainment of the guy cooking. I don't like how they sit you with other randoms though, we sat next to a couple our age (late 20's) who were really nice, and the other side of 2 older couples (50s +) that were very loud and obnoxious sipping wine talking about how rich they were. Annoying. Ill probably be back though because that was probably a one time thing :) great place to go for a special occasion. Get the fried rice!
4	Maybe it's because my expectations were so low that I really liked this place. Hadn't been to one of these in probably ten years and didn't remember loving it then. I figured an old chain restaurant like this would be resting on it's laurels and really crummy. What a surprise! It's a four star "experience" with three star food and fun/interestig/good service. Food - It's fresh and nicely cooked but that's it. This is not a foodie restaurant. But if you are a foodie and you don't want to eat crappy food, this is a nice substitute. Service- Very congenial, prompt and FUN. We sat at a cook table, and why else would you go here? We were seated with a young couple who had two tiny kids who were rambunctious and loud. And again.. that's the kind of place this is. So be prepared to actually deal with other people. if you want quiet go somewhere else. Our cook chef was amazing. Really talented and charming. Made the experience wonderful. It's different and fun, with nice people, nice service and decent food.
2	I have been a fan and customer of Benihana for many years, which makes this review so sad to write.  I was totally unimpressed with our meal.  The chef at the table just went through the motions and it was nothing too special.  He under cooked my wife's shrimp and did not even cut my steak good.There are better options available if you would like to dine out for Teppanyaki.So Sad...
3	Came here with a big group for lunch, and we all ordered Teppanyaki. It was pretty cool to watch the chef cook! (although we also realized how much butter/cream goes into the food haha) Unfortunately, our group of 11 might have been a little too big for the table, since it took a while to get all of our food cooked, and we all ended up eating our meat at different times. The portions are also rather small, but the lunch deal is still a fair price. The food was nothing special, but the show and service was great!
3	We like benihana but can't reach anybody to make a reservation.  Been calling since 1215pm today.  Then when u show up it's a 40 min wait if if u can get in.   Maybe they are having issues w phone service? Michael 7035958885.   Ahwatukee.
2	I used to come to Benihana for the fresh food and the experience.  The last 2 times I've been to Benihana have been a bad experience, terrible service from our server and the chef both times. The food is expensive and over priced.
5	The 5 star rating is based purely on their happy hour sushi menu.  We go and sit in the bar area and get the happy hour sushi.  It is so cheap and good.  Also great service.  I recommend the hand rolls and philly rolls.  I usually get 2 hand rolls and a philly, and it costs less than 10$ and is pretty filling! The fish tastes fresh and they use the best seaweed and rice.  Sometimes I will also get some nigri if I am extra hungry.  Best of all, dont forget the free hot green tea.
3	The food always great and our chef was pretty good, however the hostesses were so incredibly rude! It really ruins your first encounter when hostesses are rude!
3	Teppanyaki is not really my favorite style of cooking. I always feel it's a little over priced because the food itself is pretty boring but you are paying more money since the chef puts on a show for you. It can be a fun experience if you are with the right people and in the mood for it but I have never really been wowed by a meal at one of these places. Our last experience at a teppanyaki place up in Flagstaff was so awful that I was not really looking forward to our dinner at Benihana but we had received a gift card for Christmas so we decided to go ahead and give them a try.Style wise, the place is on par with the other restaurants around Chandler mall. Nice looking but somewhat trite Asian decor. Not surprisingly, they were quite busy on a Saturday night and we had to wait at the bar a little while for a table. While we were sitting there, I observed that there were a surprisingly amount of families there. I would have thought that this was not type of place you would bring kids, partially because of the hibachi grill and also the price. But there were a ton of kids of all ages. Most of the families were on their way out, though, and the late night crowd was arriving. This seems to be a popular date spot for college age couples. There was a good lively crowd in the bar area so we didn't really get a whole lot of attention from the bartender... they definitely need to staff up behind the bar. Since I found the wine and beer list very lacking, I decided to try a couple of their specialty cocktails. These were mediocre at best. The Cucumber Collins had a good, fresh flavor to it and was pretty enjoyable but it could have done with a little more lemon and less club soda. I decided to switch to something stronger and so made the mistake of ordering a Beni-Tini. This drink was overly sweet and not enjoyable at all. I could not detect any hibiscus flavor so I have to assume that they use a syrup rather than brewed tea. If you like sweet drinks this may work for you but I guess I should have just ordered a regular martini. I did notice they had some top shelf (well, mid-shelf anyway) liquor bottles so next time I'll just stick to the basics.Once we were finally seated, my hubby and I had no complaints about our chef or the food. The mushroom soup was tasty, though it took me by surprise since most restaurants like this serve Miso Soup as a starter. I also really enjoyed the salad; it had plenty of other vegetables, not just lettuce, and the dressing was really good. The hubby got a surf and turf thing with steak and jumbo shrimp. I tried one of his shrimp and they were very sweet and delicious, much better than the smaller ones we all got included with our meals. (Those were cooked well, but just inferior quality shrimp). For my entree, I ordered a noodle dish, Seafood Diablo. This was not as spicy as I was hoping and the sauce was a bit too greasy for me (lots of oil on my plate when I was done) but overall it was good. The seafood all tasted delicious and I was actually amazed that chef managed to make sure that the squid, shrimp, etc in my dish didn't get overcooked while at the same time tending to everyone else's chicken and steak. We ended the meal with the fried banana dessert with vanilla ice cream and a scoop of chocolate on the side for me. We were both pretty happy with that!Overall, this is not the best teppanyaki place I've been to but it is far from the worst. I would probably eat here again if I was with a group who picked it but I wouldn't necessarily suggest it myself.
1	Birthday signup we got the $30 gift card and went over mid week.  Another one of my favorite places.  The service was terrible.  The guy was new and he was trying but we sat down and it took 2 and half hours.  I don't think it's supposed to take that long.  I even saw the manager on my trip to the bathroom and told him that the server needed help.  Nothing changed.  I don't think the manager cared because I didn't see him helping.  But the biggest issue besides being there for 150 minutes was that the fried rice problems.  The cook who I think was also new.  And it could have been the server. But he didn't make enough.  And he accidentally gave the bowl to the wrong person.  Then he realized and took it back and gave it to the poor girl next too us who was also having a birthday.  And I think the first person took a taste of it.  Then my girlfriend gets her rice and because there wasn't enough left he put in a bunch of burned rice that was sitting on the edge of the table trying helplessly to give her a full bowl.  Pretty sad I had to pay a few dollars for that upgrade.
4	I have been to Benihana several times.  I have about 10 pictures to prove it. My daughter and family loves coming here for special occasions.   This last visit was especially wonderful.  My friend and I both have birthdays in February and both are in the birthday club and each received our $30.00 certificate.  So we made a reservation to celebrate together.  We had a wonderful time. We had a great server and he explained the specials and asked if we were celebrating any occasions.  We ordered my favorite drink the Haiku Colada which is a pina colada with a strawberry puree.  My friend ordered the teriyaki chicken and I ordered the Benihana special,  steak and lobster tail.  We received the soup and salad and the shrimp appetizer. Everything was really good.  Our chef for the night was named Taylor and he was excellent.  I recommend requesting him if possible.  He was the best chef that I have had out of all of our visits to Benihana.  It was truly a great experience.  We ended the evening with a birthday song and picture and an ice cream.  It was a great way to spend my birthday.
4	Delicious, free meal with 30 dollar birthday voucher. sushi was fresh and well made. taste was great. edamame was not fresh as I saw when they popped it in the microwave.
3	In this review i will only talk about the food. Quite frankly because i love the fact that the food is served clean and natural. Not drowning in spice and soy. If i reviewed the service it would only take one star so lets pass that for now. I usually bring my daughter here for a treat every now and then and she loves the interaction ( that's of you don't have a snoozer table) the show is nice and best of all i don't feel sick and stuffed and overfed afterward. I will continue to come but really do wish they did something about the staff, they look miserable.
1	Everything about it was so wrong.  Don't waste your time or money here, it is very disappointing.  WAIT TIME:  We went for our daughter's 18th birthday mid-week.  The greeter knew this was for a special occasion.  We waited over an hour.  We even opted for the cook table for a faster seating, only to be offered to be seated at a tiny side bar with 4 chairs in a row near the prep area which we declined and continued to wait over 45 minutes more.  STAFF:  The entire staff seems very young and/or inexperienced, not apologetic or accommodating in any way.  I asked to speak to the manager and had to wait 20 minutes to talk to him.  After speaking to him he told me where I could wait- I had been present at the bar enjoying a beer after waiting for over an hour.  Rude.  FORGOTTEN ORDER:  The server forgot the order for my husband, so he waited with an empty plate most of the night until we had to say something to the chef.   If you see an empty plate in front of someone you are serving, would the chef or the waitstaff not be attentive enough to ask what that person ordered?  APPETIZER:  I ordered a dumpling at the bar when I was waiting there.  It was nothing special, we get the same kind at Sam's Club, frozen. THE SOUP:  Very skimpy on ingredients.  Only some very thin green onion slices and one slice of mushroom.  Nothing special, tasted of water and soy sauce, that's about it.   The other party at our table asked for additional mushrooms.  Good for them and they were raw, the chef didn't offer to soften them. . THE SALAD:  I enjoyed the Asian dressing.  This was okay.  It's kind of hard to mess up salad.THE CHEF:  Seemed up tight.  He spent most of his time on the fried rice.  We ordered white rice and when ours came, it was colder than cold.   I ordered scallops, the menu said they were the sea variety which you expect to be large sized.  When they came they were on the small side, more like the bay variety.  No seasonings were put on these scallops and I had to ask the chef to please give me some onions.  He had served the scallops to me without anything else on my plate.   After 2 hours of waiting.  I would prefer to have the entire meal ready at the same time, promptly and correctly.   This was well after 8 p.m. by now. UNDERCOOKED:  The zucchini was not well cooked, on the hard side.  He could have taken some time to steam it to soften it better, but all he did was fry it, which does not make for tender zucchini at all.  My husband ate most of this off my plate, as his plate was still empty.  He did not seem very into his cooking at all.  If you have ever tasted undercooked zucchini you know it is on the sour and rubbery side.  Yuck.  When things are prepared with a good attitude and with attention and care, they are a whole lot better in taste.  The chef dropped some of the utensils on the floor towards the end, he was very not into his craft.     REFILLS:  I could not get a refill of water and after all the salty soy water soup, I could have used it.  The server was not around much to check this for me.  SUMMARY:  Did I think this was worth it for a bowl of cold rice, rice water, a few tiny seared scallops, with 2 bites of hard zucchini and mostly a plate of caramelized onions?  What a rip off.  I should have stayed home!  The server tried to make up for his oversight with extra bowls of green tea ice cream.  Our daughter loves it, but I didn't care for the taste at all and neither did my husband.  So my daughter made out with 3 bowls; she does enjoy it.    CLEANLINESS:  The bathroom:  Yuck!  Trash on floor.  Dirty floors.  I won't be back anytime soon.   Zero stars if I could.
3	There is no other reason to go here nowadays, except for that $30 credit for your birthday month coupon. Parlayed that $30 into the Benihana Delight and of course, the chicken fried rice. Ordered ice water and grand total with 18% tip was $6.36.This can only be accomplished by using the solo dining option, therefore avoiding any female to bump up my tab. Oh yeah, this place will never get five stars unless they bring back the bean sprouts from the 90's. Lost another star due to that weird thing on the sides of colossal shrimp not being taken off properly. Had to peel those suckers off on my own. Huge bonus though for the chef keeping my steak on the grill until the last moment for well done status. I had to ask him twice not to take it off the grill, but I am probably one of a handful of people who would request this situation.    Funniest part of night was when young dude spilled entire glass of water on another woman at the table, not in his party. Hard not to laugh. This Benihana is also pretty ugly and needs a remodel - it looks like it's been awhile.   Oh yeah, the cute (but ditzy) blonde at the table had the best line. Chef puts some garlic Butter on the rice and calls it Japanese Peanut Butter and the girl (who didn't oder the rice) says, "i never had japanese peanut butter, wonder how it tastes"
2	Every time I go to this Benihana, they lose 1 star and this time. I think I had enough and it went beyond the point even if I can get a free meal, I won't go back to this Benihana.This time we went to celebrate my husband's birthday and we had the $30 certificate.The quality of the sushi fish became worse. It's very watery, tasteless and not fresh but I won't complain much about it as there are many other sushi restaurants that serve the same quality of sushi in Phoenix. I think it's mainly because it's hard to get good fresh sushi grade fish in Phoenix although there are some Japanese restaurants that serve good fresh sushi.The thing is their service. We waited about 15mins before the waitress took our order although we decided what we wanted to eat very quickly. She just didn't come back for that long.Then she made a mistake in our order. My husband said "Sushi and Sashimi combo". She repeated the order as "Sushi combo (without sashimi)". So my husband corrected "No, not Sushi combo, I would like to have Sushi and Sashimi combo" and pointed out the item in the menu. She said "okay". But.....yes, she brought the small "Sushi combo" instead of "Sushi and Sashimi combo". I told her it's not what my husband ordered. And surprisingly, she said " I thought you ordered Sushi combo"....and seemed she just wanted him to eat that. Hmmmm she "thought"..... So I told her my husband already corrected her mistake once by pointing out it in the menu. Then she said "There must be some misunderstanding but I can change it." I thought " Hmmmm....misunderstanding?" I think it's a obvious mistake, though.I didn't say anymore as my husband got what he ordered in the end and it was his birthday. In the end, she said "Sorry for the misunderstanding" and I think that is the best we could get from her.After we finished our entrees, we again had to wait for about 30mins for the waitress to come by.There's one thing we enjoyed which is the performance of the chef at our table. So I give them 2 stars instead of 1.
3	Trying new food.
3	I Enjoyed my birthday celebration but I Was really annoyed that I didn't get the birthdayDiscount.  We had two birthdays at our tableAnd the waitress said they would taker care of Us on the discount.  We spent a great amountOf money and are always having birthday Celebrations there.  I was told one thing and When the bill came the 30.00 credit wasn't Accounted for.   You want to make your customersHappy and have them return then take care of Them and keep your promises.  Hope you findA way to rectify the situation .  You can contactMe at bcashner@hotmail.com
4	Had a good time at Benihana on a Saturday night.  Sat with a family with a couple of small children, with one asking questions to the chef non-stop. The chef took it all in stride which added to the entertainment. Had the Las Vegas roll sushi appetizer which was delicious.  The soup and salad were tasty. The main courses were very good as well. I would gladly go back as it did not break the bank either.
4	I love Japanese food. I love anything Japanese. The culture everything. I really want to go there one day. I even have my own pair of chop sticks in a fancy box. I also love Teppanyaki. I would eat just about anything cooked on a hibachi grill. I would love to have one built into a counter in my dream house.Now I know Benihana's is a corporate place but I think they are great. Are they the best ever? Probably not. I'm sure there are places out there that could cook circles around them and put on a better show. But for what it is it is pretty good. It is a little on the pricey side and definitely not a place you would go to even once a month. It is definitely a special occasion place. You can tell that from the 8 renditions of Happy Birthday that you will here while you are there. I have heard it so much I have the Japanese version they also sing memorized and I can't even speak Japanese. But I would love to learn.That is the top tip for this place by the way. Whatever you do join the Benihana Chef's Table Club. So worth it. A free $30 gift certificate for your Birthday month. How can you beat that.I have been here many times and I was here again last night with my girlfriend and a friend. It was my friend and I's last free Birthday thing. There are a lot of places that will give you free stuff on or around your Birthday. This was the last one we had and we went out with a bang.Sam was our cook and he is one of the better ones. He puts on a good show with funny jokes and is a very excellent cook. You start with a mushroom and onion soup, which I think is great, then a salad with their fantastic dressing on it, move on to shrimp appetizer, grilled onions, mushrooms and zucchini. Another tip, do yourself a favor and upgrade to the chicken fried rice. Sure it is $3.50 extra but so worth it. The little bowl looks small but you swear it never ends. So good. Love their chicken fried rice. Did I mention I love Japanese food. I ordered the steak and scallops. The steak melts in your month and the scallops are buttery good. Everything was great. I love their mustard sauce. It goes best with the steak and seafood. So good. I usually have to ask for more because I use it all up. Sam did his usual great job of cooking.My girlfriend had not been to a Benihanas in about 5 years. She thought it was good but maybe not quite worth the price. I do agree it is pricey but it is so good. In my opinion.I probably won't be back until next year but I will be back. I love Japanese food if I didn't mention that.
4	This place is great for a group celebration. We had great service and got the chicken/filet for 2 for $50. Good deal. Next time I will try something with more sauce. We also had the spicy tuna  - we loved it. I'd go back with a full group of 6-8 people. I am curious to see what their lunch prices are. I will go back.
4	Wonderful experience ! Fried rice was awesome. There was some wait time that reduced a star but all in all a wonderful restaurant.
4	Entertaining and TastyThe chefs are a blast, they are really well trained and entertaining, especially Daniel...that guy is a blast. Great steak, great shrimp, all around good food. It's Benihana, the place has been around since the 60's for a reason.
1	I wish I could give a negative star rating to this restaurant. The food is way over priced and the show the chef put on wasn't even average. And to top it all off my wife and I both got sick from the food. Don't think I'll be patronizing this establishment again
3	This used to be 4 stars, but last night things took a dive...Here's why.We've eaten at Benihanas 5 times in about the last year.   None of these times involved sharing a table with "questionable" people.  Let's just say they appeared to be oblivious to the fact that anyone else was in the room.  I don't want loud braggarts at my table.  I simply do not want to see fat parents let their fat kids suck down 4 sodas each.  It made me feel complicit in the poor upbringing of those kids.  There was more, but this was the first time we'd had to share a table with people we completely disliked.  There happened to also be possibly the noisiest woman on the planet in the dining room at the same time.  It made our experience less fun.  Not the restaurants fault, but it's something to consider.Now, onto the next reason... Somehow, and for some reason, they did things out of order this time.  They served the soup, the the shrimp and fried rice, then the salad, then the entree, and finally the vegetables.Issues with this:  (1) Mostly because I am used to soup, salad, shrimp/rice, vegetables, entree, dessert.  (2)  They didn't serve dessert.  It wasn't offered.  Nobody asked for it, so I thought maybe they took the free ice cream off the menu.  We did get ice cream because my daughter had a birthday.  I've got to check on that for future reference.  (3)  My entree, (The Trio which has Filet Mignon, chicken and shrimp) was prepared first, alongside someones lobster.  I was served all 3 of my meats before my daughter's entree was even started.  Before I was halfway done my food was cold!  This is not how it's ever been done.  Plus, I don't think I actually got a filet this time.  It was a pretty crappy cut of meat   Then there was a consistency issue between the chef we got this time than any other time.  This chef was stingy on the salt and soy sauce and butter.  Which is ok in my book, but restaurants need to keep it consistent.  Last reason, and this may have been done before and my husband never noticed, but they add a tip to your bill, even if it's just 2 of you.  And it's a small line item.  Nobody points it out.  I happened to pay in cash and they gave me the kind of change you would get if you needed to leave a tip.  Whether true or not, it appears they are trying to get extra tip out of the customer.  And that's bad.We'll give them one more shot before we write them off entirely.  As I said,  this was pretty good before.
1	We have been coming to Benihana for years. But this time we had a horrible experience, we made reservations, then we're told to come back in 30-40 min. When we arrived back in 35 min, our table had already been given up! So yes we did wait for another hour to be seated, and we're so frustrated with the service. I would recommend this restaurant for those who have patients& time.
5	I ADORE Benihanas! I have never been disappointed by any of their restaurants in any state I have been in thus far. I have been eating at Benihanas since I was born, no lie. It is my all time favorite restaurant no matter how hokey the tricks and jokes may be, a smile is plastered on my face from beginning to end. I have encountered fallen knives, shrimp tails soaring through the air, you name it. No matter how amazing or not so amazing the  chef has been, I always know I'll be leaving full and extremely satisfied with delicious & fresh Japanese food.This location was very beautiful, clean, and modern. From the moment you enter the building you know you're in for a culinary adventure. Entertainment at your table, and delicious food that never seems to end!Absolutely recommend to anyone and everyone! Definitely stop by on an empty stomach!!! They don't joke around with their portions.
5	My Girlfriend and I went here for her Birthday our Chef was Jose, he made it a fun and interesting experience. We had the Chef Special which was the Filet Mignon with Chicken and Shrimp with Chicken fried rice.The soup we had delicious I liked the Salad but my Girlfriend really didn't care for it Out of the entree the only thing that didn't live up to either of our likes was the shrimp even though it was seasoned in front of us it just didn't do well. Our evening was closed off with a Vanilla Sundae and a picture of us together taken by the manager. Overall we had a GREAT Evening and would return again!
3	The food was good and priced about the same or lower than other Hibachi style restaurants,  but even with reservations it took us one hour from sitting down for our meal to begin.  I find that to be entirely too long.
2	I have been here for lunch twice once for dine in once for carry out.  Stay away if you are ordering carry out for lunch and are in a hurry as they are quite slow.  Also I found their meat and rice to be much drier than other Benihana locations I have been to.  I love Benihana, just not this location.  If you feel up to the drive I would suggest skipping this one and heading north to the Scottsdale location.  If not there are a few local Teppanyaki places in Chandler that are just as good and cheaper.
1	If I could give it zero I would. Every other Benihana is amazing but this place treated us bad.  We didn't have reservations and were told that the wait time would be an hour and a half at the max. We noticed during that time, people with reservations hadn't shown up or checked in, yet they'd still call them. Thinking we'd be called next.  After 40 minutes we checked back in and were told that we have only waited 40 of the 90 minutes. They had six open tables and only the walk ins waiting. I would understand this type of reservation based seating at a high end place in Scottsdale but in chandler, come on! I called the manager and complained but he stated that they need to plan an hour and a half ahead and that's why they keep the tables empty. I guess I didn't understand the Benihana seating plan. my advice is to make reservations and only show up with reservations, otherwise you'll leave pretty pissed just like me. We will never come back to the Benihana in chandler, Scottsdale is where it's at! They understand how to seat people.
4	This place is crazy busy every time I went.  If you don't make a reservation and just show up expecting to be seated in more than an hour wait.  Always call ahead if you know what time you will be there or you'll be waiting forever.  Make sure you join their Chef's Table for $30 gift certification for your birthday.  They recently changed their rules, so make sure you bring someone else with you to the dinner before you can use the birthday certificate(s).
1	Zero Stars!!!!!I went at 5:20pm on a thursday.  They said they were booked and could get anyone in for an hour and half.   It was my son and I... Two.I said "well there's no one here waiting.  Why such a long wait?""We have reservations booked"????????? What?That's stupid.  I could see three big tables empty and they had no one waiting.   But they couldn't fit two people in at these tables because of reservations?Sounds like they don't care for walk ins.  They are gonna hate it when they are dead silent.   Because there where another three groups of family's that walked out also.   Bad planning.   Bad customer service.
1	Update from previous review. ..... Someone asked me what if they sat me (and they mix tables up. .. doubt that they were all full) and reservations came in? then they would have five upset people because they didn't keep their reservation.  Well I was explaining on my review earlier, that I was upset that they booked so many reservations that they couldn't seat any walk ins for an hour and half.   Think about it.   No one was waiting in lobby.   People were walking out.   You don't overbook reservations like that.   You always make sure to have room for the walk ins.   Doesn't matter how busy or popular your restaurant is.  That is bad for business.   Unless it's Valentines or Mothers day.  You don't see that kind of response from a restaurant.   They have tons of tables.   And they were all full with reservations???? And the fact that my group was just two.   And they mix tables.   Hello???
4	Had a great time, new blood added new material, fantastic time. Only time felt like food wasn't cooked exactly as desired & think salad not as good as before but still great. Will continue to be back. Happy birthday to my Mommy - do wish they would have embarrassed her more.
5	I took the wife for her birthday since she's never been there. I'm glad I did she liked it. The food was good and fresh. The show the chef gave and seeing the food made right in front of you was great.  I'd go again. Get reservations if you plan on going
1	I DID NOT EAT BECAUSE I WAS NEVER SAT.Experience #1: 2 years ago, my wife and I booked a party of 9 for a weekday evening. We showed up and the rest of our group followed. 8 of us were present and after 15 minutes past our time, they refused to seat us because our 9th was not there. Seriously!? ONE PERSON? We left and went to cheesecake factory.Experience #2: This past January, my wife and I felt like we would walk in and use her birthday coupon on a Wednesday evening. With our last experience 2 years behind us, we went in with a fresh slate. The place was very busy and there were a handful of people waiting in the lobby. I was told it was an hour and a half to two hours to wait for the two of us to be seated. I turned to my wife and she said we'll pass, and once I turned back to the hostess and began to spoke, the girl turned around and walked away from me. What?! How rude!So we make a reservation knowing its a busy place, and won't be seated (estimating: $25-30 a plate = nearly $300 of business) and just the two of us show up and we may not be seated for 2 hours? Like a previous review mentioned, they care more about overbooking reservations and leave no wiggle room for walk ins. Who in their right mind would go somewhere to eat and be told, you won't be eating for 2 hours! Absurd. The only way I'll give this place a third chance is if it's free, or someone else invites me to join them.
1	This place sucks. Was told to avoid hour and a half wait to go in the lounge. Sat at a dirty table (only one available) and was totally ignored for 15 minutes so we left. Never again.
5	This is an awesome place especially if you do the Teppan. Request Allen if you can he is hilarious and can pretty much guarantee a great time. It is pricey at first glance but once you are done you actually get quite a bit of food for the money.
2	I'd never been to Benihana so I was excited to try it. My cousin comes here every year for his birthday and suggested it when I was in town.Upon entering, we were told that there would be a 2 hour wait (not sure if this is the norm, but it was around 7 PM on a Sunday) so we decided to seat ourselves in the lounge, which was relatively empty. A server came to us soon after we sat down, which was nice.My cousin and I got sushi for ourselves and I ordered hibachi chicken rice, chicken yakisoba meal, and rainbow and salmon rolls to take home to my family. At the restaurant, we had the crunchy roll, spider roll, 1964 roll, and Gotham roll. The crunchy roll was by far the best; the Gotham roll was okay but not especially fresh-tasting or flavorful. I was not a huge fan of the other two.My take-home order was placed on a piece of paper which they rewrote to confirm when the bill was brought to me. I had asked for two orders of the hibachi chicken rice which was also indicated on the paper written by the server but only one was brought out. I was not charged for the second one (which was my fault because I didn't check the receipt clearly and assumed the order was correct based on the paper they wrote). However, it didn't take them long to bring the second one out, even though they kind of had an attitude about it.My father was disappointed in the rice; brother said the yakisoba was good but the soup that came with the meal was simply terrible. He took one sip and wanted to throw the rest out. Mom was okay with her sushi except... the salmon roll had a TON of bones in it. To me, this is unacceptable. I understand finding an occasional bone in a fish dish but having so many bones in a simple roll is terrible to me.Would have given 3 stars, because service throughout the meal was good and the food was okay. Removed a star due to all the bones found in the salmon roll.
3	Some years ago, Benihana would've been considered upscale. Nowadays, it's just another restaurant. Every year we go and have dinner with a Birthday voucher; $30 is a lot to take off a bill. In this particular set-up, I don't mind the "community" table environment; don't care for it in other restaurants. My overall experience at this particular location is average, which is a disappointment being in Chandler.  Reservations are a must and HIGHLY recommended.
1	I've been to Benihannas several times in a California and Arizona. I must say that there isn't any consistency with this place. The one here in chandler is not very good. I think they are surviving off of the reputation not customer service. First the girl working as the hostess needs to learn how to smile and actually act like she likes her job. Word of advice for her. If you can't smile, be cordial, have a personality then quit and find another line of work but obviously interacting with the public is not your calling. Very long wait to eat.... The servers are slow and you have to wait forever just to get drinks and refills...I think for $100 I can spend it elsewhere and get better service and food...
3	Make sure you use open table to make a reservation or u will be waiting for an eternity!!! Surprisingly family friendly!! If you have a large group that can fill a typical table of 8 then your good they really make the experience all about you guys. Make sure your group is open to trying different things as well. No fun if EVERYONE get's the Chicken & Steak!!! I know the setup is the same  but it somewhat hinders on having full table conversation or interaction to me. A bit pricey in my mind but still a good experience. I would only return with a group of 6 or more who are my close friends & cool with sharing!
1	Rude, boring, terrible service, took one hour to wait for chef, no water refills, never bussed dirty dishes, food plain and over cooked. Paid for lobster and it was tough. What a waste of time. Bartender rude too. Read your reviews Chandler Benihana! I really don't think they give a shat!!! Benny Hana would roll over in his grave if he knew is!
5	Great as always.  The best fried rice I have ever had!  Ask for Chef Weak Sauce aka Marv, he was awesome.
2	I used to go the teppanyaki table, then switched to the bar for quicker service. I don't like the hostesses at this place because they think they are superior to the customers. They do not realize that we pay them for the food and services, not asking them for free. If I asked, "Do you know how long it's gonna be for the bar?" "It's first come first serve," is not the correct answer. If I proceed to the bar for a seat, "you have to sign in for a seat at the bar" sounds rather rude than welcoming. Who hired these idiots?
3	I had reservations for three late on a Friday afternoon, and figured it would be a breeze at that time of the day.  Upon checking in with our host, we were told to sit down and wait.  We waited for over 20 minutes!  Not cool when your restaurant is empty, and I had a reservation.  The hostess offered zero explanation or apology for the delay either.Upon being sat, we did have an overall pretty terrific waiter.  He helped us to choose one of the most delicious cocktails I've ever had, a Coconut Mojito.  Very Tasty!We started with a sushi roll appetizer which was also very very good.  The only feedback for the waiter would be that he was trying to sell us on upgrading to a better cut of steak, but in the process basically explained that their standard steak cut was crap.  I get an upsell, but don't completely chastise the other product in the process.The food was terrific, and our chef did a very nice job.  You could tell he was probably new, but it makes sense to have the less experienced guys during the slower hours until they are pros.Overall this was a great experience!
3	Entertainment wise this restaurant gets 5 stars. I went with my husband and three sons and we really laughed a lot along with the couple that was seated with us. Our chef was Seth and he made for quite an entertaining and enjoyable show for us.As for the wait, we made a reservation at 8pm, got there at 7:55 and still waited about 30 mins, so that was disappointing. What was the point in a reservation, to prevent an hr wait?? Plus it was Tuesday, not a huge outing night. Now the food on the other hand is not as great as I was expecting. This was my first time at Benihana and with the huge reputation and high food cost; I was really expecting the food to be better. It lacked seasoning and was mostly bland so needless to say it fell below my expectation and I failed to understand what the hype is about. Could've just been me and my families singular experience but that's my opinion.  Great fun, average food.
1	So disappointed! The food was mediocre and the chef serving us was a new trainee. It took an hour before my food was served. Nothing special here.
3	I took the family for my daughters birthday, she picked the restaurant.  We arrived at 5:15 and had a reservation.  They were not terribly busy at that time, but the restaurant soon filled up, I couldn't believe it on a Monday night the place was packed in a matter of an hour..Service was great, quick, courteous, but the chef wasn't very entertaining.  He seemed to rush through preparation and was always very busy, but he only managed to cook one thing at a time.  I have been to many hibachi bars over the years and this particular chef wasn't very well organized.  The food was ok, not very flavorful.  I had the filet mignon and shrimp, both we're good, but a little on the bland side.  I was surprised to learn that the meal came with steamed rice, and if we wanted fried rice it was an extra 3.50 per person.  In the end the meal was pricey, and we didn't order anything from the bar.  Food was on the bland side, and the chef was not very entertaining, but the service from the wait staff was fantastic.  I can't give it more than 3 stars, there are better places to go for hibachi.
1	Extremely disappointed! Our Chef must have been new, he did one trick and had the personality of a rock!  We left still hungry as we did not get much of anything. The amount of fried rice was minimal at best. The highlight was seeing that there is a Chili's next door so we could actually get full! We sat with another couple and the chef forgot to make their rice. By the time he recooked rice for them all of ours was already gone or cold for those who wanted a complete meal at once.I'm sure our chef Carlos is a nice guy, maybe just in the wrong profession? Maybe the other chefs with more experience could so him the ropes? This was a huge let down to drive an hour for this!
1	1.) For more than $20 a plate I should be able to sit at my own chefs table even though I have less than 8 people in my party. 2.) If you are going to make fried rice for 8 people there should be more than a half piece of chicken breast in it. 3.) Just because the chef cooks in front of you doesn't mean the food will taste good.4.) This is not authentic Japanese food. Sarku Japan inside the mall food court has more authentic Japanese food and Fry's Marketplace has more authentic sushi. 5.) The hibachi chicken rice is not worth the extra $3.50. Save that money for when you leave and you're still hungry. 6.) If you cook vegetables before meat then the vegetables will be cold by the time the meat is done cooking. This is common knowledge.7.) Food is mediocre at best and I don't like being over charged for mediocre.
3	I have mixed feeling about this place. I have been here twice and had two completely different experiences.First time was pretty upsetting. We had to wait ~45 minutes for a dinner table, at which point they sat us in the bar area. The waitress was rarely to be seen and served me won-ton soup in a chipped bowl (serious health code violation - took a picture). Half-way through our meal, they sat some people with us at our small table which made it somewhat awkward.Second time was much better. We made reservations and got seated at the Hibachi table. Chef was quite exciting and entertaining, keeping everyone involved. Had some good cold Sake with apple flavor, the rest of the food was pretty standard.Be sure to sign up for their birthday promotion ($30 off one person's meal), but keep in mind that it is for one person only (they are pretty serious about that)!
5	Went here for a friends birthday dinner, it is expensive yes but a great time and worth the cost
4	This was good.  The price is a little high, but you actually get a LOT to eat.  There were 6 of us and we all left stuffed.  I would go back again!
5	We came for a birthday dinner without reservations, and they got us a table on a friday night without having to wait very long. We've been to this location twice and the food was great both times. Shizuka was amazing. We never had to wait for drinks the entire night. Jorge's food was great, but his show was the best. My wife and I have had Hibachi many times before, but his performance was outstanding. We went to the one in Scottsdale first, but the one in Chandler is much better if you get the right people. Jorge made us feel like we were at a table with friends, rather than being served. Well done, and we'll be back.
4	We went here for a good bye party for a friend, and I loved the food and entertainment! The waiter was very polite, and thoroughly explained to us everything since it was our first time there. The chef was hilarious and he cooked the food very well! The lobster, steak, and shrimp were amazing! I honestly can't wait to go back again.
1	This place is ridiculous. We showed up and waited an hour which was the allotted time they gave us. So we inquired and they said another 15 to 20 minutes. Which we again waited. We inquired again and we're told 15 to 20 minutes. Not sure who they think they think has 2 hours to wait to be seated but at least be honest with your customers. Doubling your wait time is unacceptable for a fast food place little lone a $40.00 place
5	The staff is very friendly and polite. The Lychee Blossom cocktail is delicious. Take the chefs recommendations on which foods are paired well with each sauce.  Don't be afraid to ask for more either. Each tepan dinner comes with onion soup, ginger dressing salad, chicken fried rice, hibachi shrimp, zucchini,  onions and mushrooms served with your choice of entree and ice cream for dessert. The chateaubriand, lobster, scallops and filet mignon are all amazing.
1	Walked in and walked right back out.  I'm a long time customer who used to eat here 1-2 times a month but the hostess and management don't seem to care.  Tired of being treated poorly.
4	Seated within 15 minutes. Service was quick. Cook was fun and entertaining. Food was cooked as asked and very good. Would recommend for any occassion.
1	Wasn't impressed at all today ... Came in for my sisters birthday and it was horrible ...
3	Some good people that work here still (Alex the bartender ) the last years since they got rid of the manager Shen G the place just isn't the same.  There sauces don't always taste the same and food portions during lunch are less than usual.  Maybe the Scottsdale location is better , but this one is slacking.
1	I didn't want to do this but....(i'd like to take my 3 stars down to 1)I had visited Sunday and experienced DECENT service. So I decided to try HH to see what's its all about, nothing fancy. I arrived around 6:30 pm to plenty of space at the bar, so I sat quickly. After being seated for several minutes I was offered the opportunity to order.Las Vegas Roll, Crunchy Shrimp Roll and a Tokyo Raspberry....Meeeh! Tasted like watery juice.By 6:50 pm I'm ready to order, but FIRST I must have another drink. I quickly ordered a Yozu Margarita (I think thats what its called) and mom ordered another Benihana Punch.We then proceeded to order our food. I opted for a bowl of shrimp fried rice and side salad, mom ordered the Sea Bass. After quietly waiting 20 mins with no second  beverage, I made note to one of the bartenders about our drinks. By 7:40 no food and no drinks. I watched 3 people behind the bar make drinks and clean. Where in the heck are my drinks?! When inquiring about the food, we were advised that it was almost done (someone told me that 15 mins ago). Now I'm hungry and thirsty. What makes it bad is that I ordered the drinks TWICE! At this point we're ready to go, so we ask for the food as such. 10 mins later the food arrives...Plated. I THOUGHT I ASKED FOR THIS TO GO! Why is it so difficult to get good service?Benihana is hit or miss these days. More miss than hit.
1	We had a terrible experience at this place tonight. We wanted to celebrate my mother-in-law's 89th birthday with a special night out. Had reservations for 7 people at 7:15pm. Arrived there at 6:45 and were told our table would be ready in just a few minutes. We had drinks at the bar while waiting and the bartender was in a bad mood and let it show. After waiting for 45 minutes, our table still was not ready. We finally walked out after waiting for over 50 minutes for our reserved table. Never, never going back there again!
3	It seems that this location is a must for anyone celebrating their birthday. With that said, we went Wednesday night for my wife's birthday.I made reservations and was greeted and sat within minutes. We were seated at a table with another family who were celebrating their daughter's birthday.The food is in the $30 - $40 price range and come with soup and salad.Our orders were taken pretty quickly. The food was good but nothing fantastic. I realize that part of the cost is the "show". The chef seemed hurried and barely cracked a smile. The entire point of coming here is the "show". Once the chef started, the waitress disappeared so if you want another beer, order before the chef starts. Once dinner was served, we were hurried along. For $110 for two people (2 entrees, 2 beers, an iced tea, and the fried rice up sell) I expected more.
2	I've been to Benihana a couple times before but never to this location. I received my $30 off birthday coupon so we came in on a Thursday night. I actually have to use my birthday coupon early because it expires before my actual birthday! What a riot.. Service was slow but our server was very nice- our chef was really disappointing to be completely honest. You could barely understand him- he really wasn't a showman at all and couldn't cook the food well! The scallops were torched, meats were overcooked. The best thing I ate that night was the Rainbow Roll- which was very fresh! The white peach saki sangria was also tasty! We decided to leave before dessert (take it to go) because I ended up not feeling well half way through the night. Oh and on top of a $30 off coupon, we still didn't get out of there without spending close to $100. Medicore food for a very expensive price tag.I think I'm done with Benihana.
3	My fiance and i went with a group to celebrate some birthdays. Seated at 6 pm and left at 8:15 so it is not a quick experience.The food was good but for me.... The teppanyaki experience is old, played out andA bit dated but i played along.Our chef was experienced and delivered some tastey food.Grape mixed drink....8.95 yowza!!  Tasted like grape gatorade.SHIZUKA was our server and she was an abolute delight. Give that woman a raise.....she is great.They even took our photo at the table and printed copies for us. Electronic copies are available online.  Very cool idea.It may be time for Benihana to reinvent the teppanyaki experince. Its quite expensive and a bit dated.  Still tastey though.
1	Last night I went to the Benihana in Chandler for my birthday. It was the worst experience I have ever had a Benihana and I felt as if I had to write in. It wasn't my first visit, I have been there many many many times. I have a group of friends and we all go when its our birthday. We fill up a table each time. Last year my sister had a baby and as such we've had to adjust the time we normally go. I made a reservation for 5:15pm so she could come and it wouldn't interrupt my 1 year old nephews routine (and he would be in good spirits because as much as I love him I know that kids are emotional sometimes). All 6 people in our party left work early so we would all be on time. My sister and brother in law were waiting in the bar when I got to the restaurant. They had been there since 5 and the bar was empty expect for two tables.  They hadn't even been greeted by the bar tender for the 10 minutes they had been there before me. I checked in with the hostess at 5:15pm and she said it would be a few minutes so I went to the bar to order drinks. After about 10 minutes of being ignored by the bartender, I finally caught her attention and she snapped at me "I'm the only one here in the bar, I'll help you when I can!".  Finally able to get a drink, we were starting to wonder how much longer for the table. At 5:35,  with the incredibly rude hostess, in an almost completely EMPTY restaurant, we finally walked back up and asked how much longer we would be waiting. The two girls had been mainly ignoring the guests and talking to each other and the lone male host. They weren't smiling, or friendly, or nice in any way shape or form. We were told ,rudely, that it would be another 5 minutes. 15 minutes after that, with my nephew getting antsy, I walked up and said that we need a table (in the now still half empty restaurant and full lobby). She said they would be sitting us 'right now'. I verified that it was in fact 'right now, right now, not right now in another 15 minutes.' And she said yes. My two sisters had walked outside to keep my nephew busy and I brought her back inside, and I pulled our other 3 people from the bar (who had been buying drinks and appetizers). We stood waiting in the lobby another 10 minutes. A full 50 minutes after we had checked in on time we were finally shown to our table. Where our waitress asked if this was our first visit. We told her that we were old pros but she still felt it necessary to go over the ENTIRE menu with us and ignored us trying to tell her that we even knew what we wanted to order. We wanted to get our order in so my sister could actually eat dinner before she had to leave since it had taken us SO long to be seated. The restaurant wasn't full at all and yet the waitresses service was still so slow and she ignored us so often that we ended up stacking our own used dishes up off to the side. She didn't even refill our drinks. My sister had to leave without even eating her meal. Her husband stayed behind to bring it home for her. We finally had to flag our waitress down for our checks and she forgot to use my coupon so we had to flag her down again. We gave her our cards and she forgot to run one of them so we had to flag her down again to run it.  I have a lot of sympathy for service (especially during the holiday season) but it was the attitude of the hostesses and the lack of involvement from the manager that really upsets me. The manager (who kept walking by the hostess desk) didn't bother to talk to the girls who weren't seating people in a restaurant that was empty! The reason we made such early reservations was so that my sister and my nephew could have dinner with us. I know that my group and I have decided to not go to Benihana's anymore after last night. Had it been only one person with a bad attitude, we would have absolutely been forgiving but this has left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't be going back.**Update in response to the company contacting me, I had actually emailed their customer service first. But didn't hear anything back. It appears that Yelp is monitored more often than the customer service email?
4	Benihana has the best Bento box for the price! Next best is SushiKen in Ahwatukee,  3rd is Kyotos in Scottsdale.
4	I love Japanese food and Teppanyaki cooking.That being said, while Benihana isn't my favorite place to go for this, you'll still find good food and a fun experience. Most recently, I was here with my family for my Dad's birthday. We had the pleasure of having Sam as our cook, and he put on one heck of a show. You start with a mushroom and onion soup, green salad with a tasty ginger dressing, and some shrimp with grilled veggies.I ordered the Terriyaki Chicken, and it was decent.The only reason I'm giving these guys the fourth star is because my mother found a staple or part of a pair of tongs in her salad, and the manager was kind enough to comp her meal and beverages.Lastly, don't forget to sign up for the Benihana Chef's Table Club. $30 for your birthday; say what?! Like I said, there's many other places that come to mind when I hear the word Teppanyaki, but Benihana can be a lot of fun for any special occasion.
