1	just went to shitsburgh for the kings pens game....we called about 8 cabs over 4 days....the SHORTEST wait was 45 minutes. A couple times, they never even showed up or called. While a couple of the cabbies we got were ok, others were either f'n nuts or no help at all. How can a town have a cab co. that doesn't do thier job. We actually had to get a ride home from one of the workers from Excuses on the south side to our hotel. Are you fucking kidding me???? WHY HAVE CABS??? I would give them a minus 890573295672579067 if I could....
3	I used the Yellow Cab Company three times while in Steel Town. Twice from my hotel to meetings - and once back to my hotel.The first time from the hotel - it took about 15 minutes for a cab to arrive. The Bellman at the Pittsburgh Renaissance warned me that it might take a few minutes and that I should give them a bit of a forewarning next time - as there are not a lot of cabs just around - unlike some other cities.The second day from the hotel - there was actually a cab already at curb side - so I did not have to wait.On the way back to the hotel - I called the cab company directly - it took about 25 minutes before the cab arrived. Luckily I was not in a hurry at this point!Overall the three cabbies I had were friendly and efficient. Although this one cabby was eating a bag of some sort of snack while he was driving - and was loudly and obnoxiously licking his fingers after each reach into the bag.
1	First of all, it's an absolute crime that in a city this size, there are not cabs available on the street.  In one of the main bar districts, at 2-3 am when places are closing up, there are no taxis patrolling around?  Seriously??  Do you actually WANT to make money or are you just in business as a hobby?Second, how about when we call for a cab, you actually fucking send one, assholes?We waited thirty minutes and called again, received assurances that the cab was on its way, waited another fifteen minutes, and then gave up.  Thanks to Yellow Cab, we had to hoof it 1.5 miles back to our hotel, which normally would not be the end of the world, but it was 3:30 am, we were all dead tired, and my one poor friend has a bum knee.  So fuck you, Yellow Cab.  I'm putting the Green Cab number in my phone and we'll be trying them next time.
4	I'm not a Pittsburgh native.  Yellow Cab was the only taxi company I recognized so they were my first call.  I called for a cab at 4:30AM (!!) and had someone at my front door in less than half an hour.  Very impressive.  Cab driver was great.  We talked for a little bit before I nodded off for a nap.Given how far he had to drive, the fare to the airport was reasonable, the car was clean, and the driver was professional.  Can't ask for anything else in a cab driver.I will use Yellow Cab again when I'm next in Pittsburgh.
1	If there was a negative star rating, Yellow Cab Pittsburgh would get it. Try negative 5. After calling about 1 hour before the bars closed, we were given a 30-45 minute timetable to wait for the cab. That was fine. But 1 hour later, still no cab. Call back. They 'honestly' told my husband that their timetable was total B.S. & we essentially weren't important enough to receive their 'services.' We were told that they may or may not show up & that we should just wait another 30 minutes & see what happens. Really? By this time it was almost 3:00 am & we were only 9 miles from the city. Thank goodness for family, who just so happened to wake up at 3 am & give us a ride. I will never depend on a company that so blatantly tells untruths to potential customers just to keep them waiting for the possibility of their business. Our business is forever lost & I hope that this never happens to any of my fellow Yelpers. What a horrible feeling, to be stranded.
1	HORRIBLE. I called a couple of hours IN ADVANCE for a cab. I even received a text message letting me know that taxi #219 had been dispatched. Never showed. I called dispatch, they said the cab wasn't coming!  They had nothing available and recommended I keep calling back. What a bunch of a-holes.
1	Cab drivers in Pittsburgh are independent contractors -- private businesspeople -- and not employees of any cab company.   They're free to choose to accept a call or ignore.  The cab "company" has no way to hold this yahoos to their word.  My solution?   Use one of the car services -- First Class Limo, for instance -- to get to and from the airport.  Call 'em to see if they'll handle your rides home from the bar on weekends.  The only downside is that you need to schedule the cars well in advance.Another?  When you DO get a cab to pick you up, ask the driver if you can have her/his business card and call the driver DIRECTLY when you need a ride.  Become a REGULAR and you'll get much better service.  Skip calling Yellow Cab.
1	Worst experience, nearly missed my flight. At least the driver was cool and he drove fast enough that I did (barely) make my flight. F the dispatcher. After ordering a cab, I called because it was late; he said the cab was on its way and would be there within the next 10 minutes. Call again 10 minutes later, same message. Finally, after several calls, he said that he hadn't even ordered a cab for me yet and had no idea when I'd get one! What the hell?! Cab finally arrived about an hour after the quoted time.Called Yellow Cab only because it was an emergency. Worst company to place any trust in.
1	I don't know what the deal is with cabs in Pittsburgh, but this company just never showed up.  We called twice, once to get to a concert, once at the end of the night to get home.  On the first call, we were told to call back in 30 minutes if it didn't come, then received an automated message telling us we wouldn't be getting a cab that night.  Missed half of the concert because we waited over an hour  before managing to bum a ride from a friend.  And at the end of the night, the bar called a cab for us that never came.  Because Pittsburgh is full of friendly and kind people, we got a ride home from a complete stranger.  Otherwise we were stuck 3 miles out late at night, not a cab in sight.  Terrible experience.
5	Cab arrived 10 minutes early! Polite driver who took a direct route to my destination downtown and was knowledgeable about the area.
1	To say there's even any type of cab service in Pittsburgh is completely laughable and utterly false. If you need to rely on Yellow Cab for any reason you should probably just lace up your sneaks kid, and get to steppin'. As someone stated in an earlier review, there's no guarantee of being picked up. You can place your call to Yellow Cab and receive a rough estimate on what time a driver will show up but I certainly wouldn't count on them showing up at that time, if at all. I lived in Green tree, right off the exit on the parkway (which is what? 15 minutes outside the city, if that.) and was told a cab would be there within a half hour. An hour and a half later, nothing. I called Yellow Cab and they said the same thing they tell everyone: that they can't promise someone will show up, all they can do is put the call out that I needed picked up. I just don't understand the logic. To me, that is like ordering a pizza, being told it will be there in 20 minutes, and then never actually getting the pizza delivered. Would I feel better if the pizza place told me "sorry, all we can do is tell our driver to deliver the pizza, but we can't promise he won't drop it off somewhere else along the way because it was closer"? No, that's insanity and makes zero sense. I understand the cab drivers are independent contractors of Yellow Cab, but the rationale behind the concept is baffling to me. If this city is lacking anything, it's a proper cab service. When you actually get into a cab around here make sure to get the drivers personal number and call them directly next time. You're not guaranteed a ride that way, but you have a better chance (especially if you tip really well).
2	I'm torn on this review, honestly it could have been a 5 star. I called from my cellphone at 8:30am while at work (North Shore) and requested a cab come pick me up. The woman was friendly and efficient and took down all my information and thanked me for calling.Color me impressed. Then I get a call from a pleasant robot letting me know the cab was there at my work and how long I wanted it to wait. I typed in the minutes. When I got downstairs the car was there idling and waiting. I hopped in and the man greeted me by name! He was jovial and friendly and not too chatty, just how I like it.I needed to go to Oakland's Soldiers and Sailors Hall. He took a picturesque route that wasn't out of the way so as to charge more. The cab was clean and he was a safe driver. We got to Oakland quickly. Now anyone from Pittsburgh knows that Oakland is usually a nightmare on a weekday during college fall term near lunch time. That's not something unusual at all. We get into Oakland and I can feel the driver's growing agitation with the traffic. Admittedly I don't drive often, I haven't owned a car in years. When driving is your job though, and this is the city you drive in... one would assume he'd be used to it. The agitation was making me a little uncomfortable, but nothing could have prepared me for what happened next. As we pull up next to the line of parked car he puts on his 4-way lights and tells me the fare 10$ and some change, it's about what I had anticipated so I hand him my bank card as the cab didn't have a reader in the back seat. He takes my card and turns around but doesn't swipe it. He just sits there for a second. He then turned around to me and forced my card back at me and literally YELLED, "JUST GET OUT!!" I was a little taken aback, I just sat there not knowing if he was serious. I could only ask, "I'm sorry, excuse me?" The reply, "I SAID GET OUT. I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THINGS LIKE THIS. JUST GET OUT OF MY CAB." I got out. Dumbfounded. I didn't pay for the ride and they were there to get me exactly on time so I suppose it wasn't the worst... I don't appreciate being treated that way at all. The cab's card reader was right there within sight. I've learned to just bring a pair of tennis shoes or use the
5	I have honestly never had such good luck with a cab company.Ever.A few weekends ago we found ourselves in Yellow Cab on four separate occasions -- it was a long night.Anyhow, Yellow Cab was on it every time that we called.  It was almost like a dream.......Us:"Hello, Yellow Cab? Yes, we're going to need a cab at Sixth and Penn, downtown. Yes.  How many?  There are three of us.  We are walking in that direction, we don't mind waiting."No more than three minutes later, as we rounded the corner, a cab was at the corner of Sixth and Penn, waiting.Me:"Do you think that's our taxi?"Friend 1:"Can't be.  That was way too fast."Friend 2:"Excuse me, sir, are you waiting here for anyone?"The Driver:"Are you Mike?"Friend 2: (Mike):"Yep."The Driver:"Get in!"Our driver, who introduced himself immediately as "Big D," was awesome.  I actually can't even articulate in words how great of a character Big D truly was.  Within seconds of pulling away, Big D was asking us about our night, encouraging us to have a great time and just down right being a really nice guy.  And then, it happened.Big D:"You guys seem cool.  You want to rock out?  To a great jam?"Us:"Of course!"Fully expecting the bass to hit hard and the beat to drop, I "turned my swag on" and got ready to "put my hands in the air."  Big D, though, had other plans.  Just a moment after we indicated that we were ready to rock out, Big D cranked "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins.I felt like the song hit me right in the face.  I just didn't see it coming.  It was awesome.  We cruised through town with Collins blaring -- the music washing over us like only early 80s soft rock can.Big D even graced us with a cell phone recording of him singing "In the Air Tonight." This guy was a real fan.  I was in awe.Yellow Cab continued to come through for the rest of the night with prompt service and fair prices.  With the exception of one guy taking a pit stop at the gas station, everything was perfect.  All things considered, it couldn't have gone better.With so many drivers, Yellow Cab is really hit-or-miss.  But that night, something was just "in the air."  And whatever it was, it was awesome.Thanks, Yellow Cab.
1	I have never dealt with so many rude dispatchers/operators in my life.  Getting a cab should not be such an arduous big deal.  This is the fourth time I have tried to get a cab and have to be "hassled."  Told today that they now no longer take time calls and that "there's no guarantee you'll get a cab anyway."  This city needs some competition for this company.
1	I have used Pitt's Yellow Cab a few times and each time their arrival comes down to the wire, and I just barely make it to the bus or train station.  This time I didn't make it.  I put my order in two hours early, got the confirmation e-mail, and was ready to go at the appointed hour.  Five minutes passed, and no cab.  Then five more, so I called and was told that a cab had not yet picked up the job.  Ten minutes later I called again and got the same information.  Twenty minutes later I got a text stating that a cab was a mile away.  Since this would have given us just over 15 minutes to get to the station, I said thanks but no thanks, and missed my bus.  If you really need to get to your destination, I suggest looking for a method of transport other than this Yellow Cab company.
1	Terrible service, unreliable, try anyone else before you call these people.  Rude on the phone, showed up an hour late!!!!!
1	Absolutely terrible.  Call Classy Cab.  They are a bit more pricey but will actually show up.  I have dealt with Yellow Cab Pittsburgh a few times.  One time worked out all right.  The rest?  Well, sort of like what happened last night.  I waited two hours then finally called Classy Cab and they showed up about 15 minutes later.  Seriously.  You might get lucky with Yellow Cab, but if that happens, it's pure luck.  It's not that they are running their business well.  They have 100% lost my business for all time.  Not that they will much care.
1	Cabs in Pittsburgh are not like cabs in other cities.  In Chicago, cabs are part of the transportation landscape.  You go stand outside and hail one.  Maybe you have to walk to a busy corner, but whatever, you can find one.  Not so, in Pittsburgh.  On the rare occasion you see a cab, it's already got somebody inside, and you need to call.  Fine.  One more reason the transit here is a total fail.So I need to get downtown on a Saturday morning by 8 am.  I call a little after 7:15 and ask if I can get a cab to pick me up at 7:45.  No can do, the dispatcher says - you can't reserve times.  You call when you are ready and then the cab is dispatched.  She also told me this after I was on hold for 10 minutes so I was already cranky.Maybe this is common practice - is it?  But it's really annoying.  I had no idea how long it would take the cab to get to me - if I called when I was "ready," the cab might take forever and I'd be late.  if I call before I'm ready the cab might be early and either charge me for waiting, or just leave.  But I took a chance and called around 7:30.  The lady on the phone said it'd be about 20-30 minutes and I was SO angry - I CALLED 20-30 minutes before and you told me to call when I was READY and now I'm READY and now I have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WHAAAAAAAAAAT.Fortunately, a cab was dispatched and got to me within 5 minutes which was a total surprise, but I managed to get my stuff together and get out the door when he arrived. Seriously - don't say 20 minutes and then it's 5 minutes. People need accurate information!So I get in the cab, and the very chatty driver proceeds to be a complete jerk.  It takes maybe 10-12 minutes to get  me downtown, and in that time he proceeded to make fun of Indian people by doing a fake accent - charming.  And then he used the word "b*tch" twice to refer to women.  Joked about kidnapping the actress who plays Hermione Granger and bringing her home to his kids and commanding her, "do a spell, b*tch!"  And using the B-word to describe women who call cabs the morning after a one-night stand.Maybe if I'd been saying racist and sexist things, it would've made sense for him to join right in, but he just said this stuff out of the blue, unprompted.  I was so offended, but when I'm in the cab of person like that, I don't feel comfortable saying anything since we're essentially alone.  But I tell you - if I ever get a cab again and he's the driver, I'd say forget it.  I'm tempted to call and complain - this guy was the worst.  I got to my destination on time at least, which is a relief since I'd hate to spend one more minute with him than I'd have to.Yuck.  I don't ever want to take a cab in this city again, and I'd go out of my way to avoid doing so if this is what their service is like.
1	I am a Graduate student and I ride cabs frequently to school and to work. Out of all the cities I've lived in Yellow cab is the worst. It can take up to two hours to be picked up, ( and sometimes they never come at all. Pittsburgh needs a new company to fulfill our cities needs.
1	I'm still waiting for my cab from last night.
2	I've used them 4 or 5 times over the past 2 years, always calling in around 11:30 PM - 1 AM.  They used to be fine but have gotten progressively worse.First couple of times, maybe 15 min wait.  The dispatcher was friendly, saying to call back if the cab didn't show in 15 minutes or so.The next year, it was more like a 30 min wait.The last time I called, there was no cab.  All I got was a return call playing a recording about how I wasn't going to get a cab.Update: I had to use them again as there are no other cab companies.  They came, but only because they stalk E Carson St after 2 AM and not because they actually took down my request.  I know this because I lost a phone in the cab and the dispatcher couldn't find the request ever being recorded when I called in 5 minutes later to try to get it back.On a positive note, they were helpful in returning my phone once it was found.  I really appreciated that the dispatcher went to check for it in the cashier station on a Sunday, when she could've told me to wait until Lost & Found officially opened the next day.
1	Absolute WORST cab service provider in Pittsburgh. Just called in to order a cab and I wasn't sure where I was (I'm not familiar with the Pittsburgh area that well) so I told the operator to give me a moment so I could figure out what street I was on. Note** I had just gotten off of work not coming from a bar or a lounge and drunk out of my mind. The operator told me and I quote word for word "I do not have time for you to figure out where you are you're taking too long". I don't think I need to really write anymore for this review to tell you what I think. But if you ever decide to call for a Yellow Cab don't waste your money. They're never on time they take FOREVER...45 minutes for a cab is absolutely unheard of and I'm from DC where a cab takes anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes to arrive even on a Friday or Saturday night.
1	If you're lucky enough to corner a cab - they usually are only around the hotels - unless you're going to the airport they tell you to fuck off.4 times over the last 3 months I've been denied a simple fare from downtown to Shadyside, Oakland, Southside and Bloomfield.If you call, you're lucky if they arrive within the hour if they show up at all.Do yourself a favor, go with Classy Cab - they actually show up if you call.Edit: Just denied again on Dec 1 by cab 482.  Said I was going from downtown (William Penn) to the northside while carrying a new mac in my hand.  His light went off and said he wasn't standing and left.  Christ.
1	I just moved to Pittsburgh. The first two times I used Yellow Cab, the cabs were here within 15 minutes and the drivers were friendly. The other night however, when I called for a cab, I ended up waiting for over 30 min.  So I called back to get an ETA, and the operator was super rude and hung up on me. When the cab showed up, the driver was a jerk and complained about driving me for nearly the entire ride while I sat there wishing for the ride to be over.EDIT: Two stars to one star. Zero stars if that was an option. Seriously, this is the worst cab company I've ever dealt with. I've waited as much as three and a half hours for a cab. Are you kidding me? Call a cab at midnight, bar closes at 2, stand on the street for an hour and a half. The other night we waiting two hours, got a call the cab was on its way, so my boyfriend and I stood outside on the sidewalk. Cab arrives and calls - "where the hell are you, I can't f*cking just wait in the street.". Again, are you kidding me? Just call up and start swearing? We were standing RIGHT THERE about to walk over to the cab. Then we have to give him turn by turn direction to the place (I thought cab drivers knew their way around town? we live in Sq Hill...not some obscure area) and then continued giving us even more of a hard time. I think people should be warned about the taxi situation in Pittsburgh before they come here. I wouldn't recommend Yellow Cab to my worst enemy.
1	Probably the worst run business I have ever dealt with in my entire life.
1	The operators are straight up rude. I understand they need an address to scheudle a pick up, but who REALLY knows the address of the stadium?They also cannot guarantee a cab time, so I always call at least an hour in advance of when I need to be at my destination.  Sometimes they come right away, other times they come just in the nick of time.  An hour seems liek a good rule of thumb.If you are on the S Side on a Fri or Sat night they wont let you reserve cabs, they tell you to flag them down.  This is annoying bc when you flag the cabs down, they almost always already have a fare and when you get in the cab, as you go down E Carson St people will try to force their way into the cab, or bribe the driver into kicking you out and taking them instead.The best way to get a cab if you need one is go to a busy hotel, they'll be out front waiting.This business is terrible.  If you get a good cab driver, ask for their number and call them directly.
1	My friend needed a ride from Monroeville to Forest Hills (a 9 mile drive) at midnight on a Sunday night / Monday morning. She called Yellow Cab in Pittsburgh. They gave her the runaround on the phone - "can't promise when a cab will come" etc. An hour went by. She called again. More waiting. More phone calls. She was finally picked up 3 hours after her first phone call.Yellow Cab is dysfunctional.Note that she could have walked, in that amount of time!  I recommend: walk, ride a bicycle, call a friend, take a bus, or hitchhike, but don't call Yellow Cab.
1	*sigh* I really have never, in any city I have ever lived in or been to, encountered such a terrible, terrible taxi company.The first time I reserved a taxi (online, btw, for a ride from Heinz Lofts to the EQT Plaza building) the driver showed up pretty much on time and was super courteous. Chatted with me about Pittsburgh vs Philadelphia, a funny convo, since I just moved up here a few weeks prior. He gave me his card to call him direct and, boy, do I wish I would have kept it.The next time I tried to get a taxi for the same route: Heinz to EQT. I reserved it 3 or so hours ahead of time. I was sitting out front about 10 minutes before I had scheduled it to arrive. Literally 5 minutes before that time I receive a text then an automated call saying that my cab had not been dispatched. O-k, I wasn't in a hurry to get anywhere so it didn't bother me. 10-15 minutes after the time the cab was supposed to arrive I receive a call from the dispatcher saying all the taxis were tied up and that there weren't any in the downtown area. None? None??? In one of the busiest areas of town, you're telling me there's absolutely NO taxis? That didn't make any sense to me so I just cancelled and fortunately managed to find another way downtown (i.e., called my boyfriend).The third time I tried to use them I scheduled a taxi the day before to take me the same route again. Got the same text and automated phone call about no one being dispatched, but this time no one actually called and when I tried I couldn't get through. 45 minutes later a dispatcher calls and asks if I'm still waiting. Um ... I will say that she was incredibly nice and apologetic, but once again it was sort of like, what if I this was an important date that I needed to be on time for?The fourth and final time I used Yellow Cab (yes, I do the "three strikes" rule) I scheduled for my boyfriend and me to be picked up at Heinz (duh) to be taken to the casino. This was a Friday night so I scheduled a taxi earlier that morning, hours ahead of time. No one ever showed, no one ever called, just got that stupid text, not even an automated phone call this time. As we walked, yes walked, to the casino, I called Yellow Cab and actually managed to get someone the first time. She could not have been ruder. I asked her if she had an idea of where our cab was. She told me no, that type of technology doesn't exist. Clearly someone hadn't heard of GPS. What made me really mad about that was while you are waiting on the line, there is a recording that plays that talks about the GPS in every Yellow Cab car that allows the dispatchers to know exactly where the drivers are at any given time! How's that for utterly insane?!?Do NOT waste your time calling them, unless you need a ride from one of the hotels or the airport, as that is the only times I have heard of them consistently being available (surprise, surprise - get the out-of-towners).
2	we booked a cab through taxi magic. that part was great.  but no word from yellow cab in over an hour. and when we called to inquire, after a long phone hold, the customer service rep couldn't estimate how long it would take for someone to arrive or offer any helpful info at all. okay.... how hard is this?meanwhile, the elite yelp 90's party is partying away without us. i mean, i know all yelp events are AWESOME, but i doubt that it's causing new years-like taxi traffic. this is just a yellow cab fail on a run-of-the-mill thursday evening.communication fail, delivery fail, customer service fail. i can no longer count on this service to get me anywhere on time. not cool man. not cool.
1	We needed a cab to get back to our hotel from a bar.  Called Yellow Cab at 1:10 a.m., and they refused to give an ETA.  In retrospect, that should have been a huge red flag.  Long story short, several phone calls later we got a cab at 3:00 a.m.  In a word: unacceptable.
1	This is the absolute worst taxi service ever. Waiting for them to come is like waiting for a turtle to come. My friend called them a couple of nights ago to avoid drinking and driving, From 12am to 3am we called back 3 times, and received nothing but BS from them each time about how much longer it would take for them to arrive.Unfortunately, I hear that it is the only taxi service in the area. Pure fuckery this taxi service is.
1	The most ridiculous experience I have ever been part of in any city. I asked the bartender at Restaurant Eleven to call me a cab. He said "cabs in Pittsburgh are horrible and it will take at least 20 minutes to get here". He was wrong because it never showed up. I walked down the street to a hotel and flagged one down. I asked what's the deal with cabs around here and the driver said "They are always short on cars and company does not care to buy more". Are you kidding me? A great city like Pittsburgh cant get a good taxi company? All taxi companies take notice. Go to Pittsburgh right now and you will own this city.
1	One of the only cabs to be found in Pittsburgh, unfortunately enough to have to say this, but it sucks to have to rely on them. Unless you going to/from the airport, you've got a long wait ahead of you and you're best to be taking it within the city or you might just be completely out of luck. I had 2 different dispatchers tell me the exact opposite things & ended up relying on a friend's help to get home. This is after a long history of dealing with this company, and they left me stranded.It is sad to have to report that the public transportation options both within and just outside of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area leave quite a lot to be desired. As a Pittsburgh resident for most of my life I'm saddled with a rather sub-par choice in travel. Please keep it in mind when travelling here, your best option is to rent a car if you truly need to get somewhere.
1	Worst cab service ever!!! Never seen this bad. I had to reach to a meeting and I missed my bus because it came 5 minutes early.So I thought I will get a cab, then I called the cab and got a text saying cab #485 is dispatched. Now after another 20 mins the cab still did not come and another bus had gone by.  I still waited for it and also called the cab company they said the cab is under 2 minutes away which was never the case. I waited and waited the cab never came. I called the company they again said it is 2 minutes away. Whereas it had already been another 20 mins.Sorry this cab is so unreliable that use it only when you have nothing to lose and no mode of transportation available at all. Never ride this!! It will save you time and money.Beware of cab no #485, this cab will never come. So if you get a text saying cab #485 is coming then please call them back and cancel and order another cab.If god wanted to make the worst possible cab company then this would be it. I have lived in several places in US but this one is way too bad that I am writing a review for it.
1	Well i will just add to the horrible reviews of this yellow cab company. I use cab services frequently while traveling for work and this is by far the WORST cab service available out of every city and service I have ever used. When I first called for a cab, I was on hold for approximately 5-10 min before anyone answered and being new to pittsburgh, I did not know my address off hand which is apparently the only way that yellow cab knows how to dispatch cabs to locations. When i told the dispatcher I did know know my immediate address but could give her (The dispatchers name was Julie) only a road intersection, Julie promptly hung up on me. Again I called with the same 5-10 min wait time... Once on the phone again with Julie, I quickly explained I had no idea what my address was but could give her landmarks or something, anything to get her my location of pickup. She then worked with me, almost hanging up on me on several occasions thwarted with me begging her not to hang up so i would have to call again, to find a landmark that she could give an address to the cabbie. I will say the response time from when I got the dispatcher to send a cab to the time the cab showed up was rather quick. BUT once the cab arrived the female cabbie was immediately hostile when I did not know the zipcode of where I needed to go. She would not go anywhere until i had the zipcode, so we sat there, on the clock while i hunted for it on my phone....Anyways, once I found it, we took off and I asked her to stop by a gas station, her response was "how long will you be, i'm on a schedule"....... I then tried to diffuse her angry, hostile attitude by asking how her night was going. she said good, how about yours. I said, great until i got hung up on by your dispatcher and spent an hour to get a ride home, now its going well. Anyways that pissed her off even more and she then threw me out of the cab. On the onramp to a highway... in a city where I dont know anyone. I hiked the 12 miles to my house. Do not use this company if at all possible.
1	Called for a cab the other day and it never came.I've only taken Yellow Cab once before and the driver was extremely rude and started complaining the second I got in even though my destination was only 5 or so miles away.  It didn't really bother me at the time, I was in a bad area of Pittsburgh late at night and was just thankful to be on my way home.
5	Was in Pittsburgh last Wednesday on the North side in town for the Pirates. good service considering Rush Hour, enjoyed the cabbie and tipped well... Everyone complaining about how bad yellow cab is funny esp..the guy who didnt know where he was but expected them to know where he was like Where"s Waldo. Sounding like a 80 year old Senior Citizen who cant remember where his crap bag is. Note: to people who try put on blast empolyee's who work for the company you come off as a tool bag and a whiny b*tch. U had a bad experience that will happen when your drunk and clueless.
1	Horrible taxi service. Not to say 100% of the drivers are the problem, but a lot of them are. Yellow cab simply leases their cabs to the drivers and then drops all connections to them, always stating "independent contractors" to distance them from their actual product. Dispatchers are rarely pleasant, and tend to get offensive when you call back to ask where the taxi is. Call Classy Cab. 412 322 5080
1	I have experienced the unreliability and unprofessional attitude of this company on multiple occasions myself, but this review is based on an experience a friend of mine had this past weekend.  We had a get-together at a friend's house in Edgewood and this friend got a ride from someone from Monroeville to Edgewood at the beginning of the evening.  Since she knew in advance that she would not have a ride home and since she wanted to be able to drink some wine while she was there, she called Yellow Cab as soon as she arrived in Edgewood, to arrange a pick up, about 4 HOURS IN ADVANCE of when she would need to leave.The dispatcher LAUGHED at her when she said she wanted to go from Edgewood to Monroeville, and claimed they couldn't find the Edgewood house on their map (even though this house has been on the map for 40 years!)  I can Google this address and find it on a map and find it on a GPS. THEY HAVE NO EXCUSE.  She wasted nearly 30 minutes on the phone with them, trying to convince them to come pick her up.  She phoned back later, hoping to get a better dispatcher on the phone, and the same thing happened all over again, except that, at the end of the conversation, they said "Yeah, we probably won't make it out there to get you."  This behavior by Yellow Cab is INEXCUSABLE.  Unprofessional, lazy, and extremely short-sighted.  This is exactly how you lose any chance of customer loyalty.  I told my friend I suspected that they didn't want to take any cabs away from the Consol Center, which was hosting a Pearl Jam concert that night.Way to encourage drunk-driving, Yellow Cab.Fortunately, in the end, we were able to procure a ride home for our friend, but that person had to go 30 miles out of her way to take her.  Long story short, do what other Pittsburghers do and don't rely on a Yellow Cab Taxi to give you a ride anywhere.  If you're lucky enough to be downtown near a taxi stand, you might be in good shape, but NEVER assume you will be able to phone them and get a ride. I've seen them fail in this way too many times, and this last time was the last straw.What we need in Pittsburgh, is more taxi companies and more competition for Yellow Cab.  Maybe then they'll get their act together.
1	We called a cab 45 min in advance of a pick up and they never came. We waited an extra 15 min and when I called the first time they said someone was on their way. The second time they said said it could be anywhere from another 30 min to an hour. If you're on a schedule like we were, don't call them.
2	Poor customers service.  They will take an hour to come and pick you up or send you a cab that is smaller than your request.  Basically they suck
1	I do not usually write YELP reviews. This is my second one ever.  I am a perfectly calm, normal person - so please listen when I say this is the absolute worst cab service I have ever seen.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE CAB SERVICE I scheduled a cab to bring me to a job interview.  I am from out of town and was only in Pittsburgh for said interview.  The cab NEVER showed up. I even called the number, spoke with a person and told them very politely the difficult situation I was in -- yet the cab never showed up.  I was stranded for one hour until a friend of a friend was able to drive me to the interview.  A very embarrassing situation, yet the employer was unsurprised and kind to me because Yellow Cab is notoriously bad. Of course, I also had a cab booked to pick me up after the interview. And, I was completely unsurprised when it did not arrive either.  I had to walk half a mile in the snow to take the 1.5 hour bus ride back to the house where I was staying.If  I could rate this in negative stars, I would. I urge you to listen to these negative reviews and rely on public transportation or an airport shuttle or anything (Zip car?) before relying on Yellow Cab.    Yellow Cab, shame on you!
1	I'm still waiting. It's been two hours and counting. Yes, the weather's bad, but this is ridiculous. I could have walked home, back downtown and halfway back home by now. If it weren't 25 degrees out there and raining, I probably would--just to prove my point. Two hours?!? I've called three times, only to hear that no cab has been dispatched.On my trip into town, five minutes after I called the dispatcher, the cab driver called to say he called to say he was on his way but since I didn't pick up immediately he was going to pick up someone else. Really!?? I had to beg him and tell him how urgent my appointment was. He was there in less than two minutes. His cab reeked of cigarette smoke, but he got me to my destination on time.Now that my appointment is over I've been waiting and waiting and waiting. I've relied on taxis in many cities along the East Coast and Midatlantic region, but this is the.worst.service.EVER!!!!! If I could give it negative fifty stars, I would.
1	Easily the worst experience I've ever had with a cab company. I wish I could leave negative stars. I called early on a weekday morning for a cab in East Liberty where I was staying. I requested it for a certain time, but was told by the dispatcher that they were too busy and could not accommodate specific time requests. OK, no big deal. When I asked how long the wait would be, I was told, "anywhere from five minutes to an hour." Um, have you been taking lessons from the cable guy?Long story short, I waited an hour and a half and never got my cab, nor did I ever receive a call that one was on the way. I caught a ride to work (late) and still, no call from a cab. Not even later in the morning! It's like they decided my request could be ignored. I still can't believe I didn't receive any kind of communication from the company FOR THE REST OF THE DAY. I wish this city had uber.
1	Horrible customer service..Never expect the cab to be in time.. They cannot tell when they can assign a driver and we have been stranded for around 2 hours till a cab finally decides to arrive
1	Ordered a cab, it didn't come, ordered another cab, it never came.Worthless customer service has no idea where cabs are or how long they will be. Useless.
1	Terrible service. I have called ahead on several different occasions to be picked up at a specific time & they have been late EVERY time. The last time I tried to use them the driver called me 30 minutes after the time I requested & then hung up on me when I told her that I already got another cab. Right after she hung up  - I got 3 separate phone calls to confirm that I wanted to cancel my reservation. Unfortunately, there aren't many options to choose from in the Pittsburgh area (which is probably why they can continue to operate as they do) -  but I try to take Classy Cab whenever possible.
5	I was pretty nervous after reading all of these negative reviews, but I called, was picked up promptly, and taken where I needed to go safely. Got pretty great service at 4:30am.
1	I also wish I could give a negative review. I understand New Years is a difficult night to get a cab. Which is why I called a week ahead to make the reservation. Even then I should have known they were horrible. They told me they couldn't guarantee the time but they would arrive at the address I provided. They also said they would call when they were on their way. I then called the day of to confirm my reservation and was told they had it and would be there. I told my friend I was worried about them showing up and she called and made a reservation as well. They NEVER SHOWED UP! Not my call or hers and they never called. They are a HORRIBLE company and if you need to go somewhere do not rely on them. It would be worth it to call Classy Cab or book a private car.
1	Wow, how do they even stay in business. Last night I had to get from Shadyside to a restaurant in Squirrel Hill. After the bus I was supposed to take didn't show up I called Yellow Cab and asked to pick me up at the bus stop on Fifth at Shady. I got yelled at and told that they don't pick up people on bus stops and corners and if I want service I should call them back with a street address. Amazing. That is not to say that almost every driver looks and smells like they didn't take a shower for a week.
1	Unbelievably unprofessional and unreliable service.  Despite calling ahead and later re-confirming the reservation time, a cab hadn't even been assigned to our 18 year old 45 minutes AFTER the scheduled pickup time.  She was left standing in the dark in a questionable neighborhood for over an hour - only to end up lucking upon a late bus to get her back to campus after an evening appointment.  Consider all other options before calling Yellow Cab; and be prepared to still have to come up with another way to get where you're going if you do decide to give Yellow Cab a try.
1	There have been numerous occasions where I have called ahead to get a cab and have either not received a call back or was late to the event. There is no effort to ensure you get to your destination and the drivers choice to pick a fare makes you, a paying customer, an option. Last, cabs consistently drive past you when you try to wave them down in the streets. By far the worst service I have ever dealt with by a "company".
1	I landed at the Pittsburgh airport, and after waiting over a half hour in the cold for a hotel shuttle, decided it best to take a cab.  I entered cab #529 and had driver #6149.Once in the backseat, the driver asked where to.  She sped off, with me in the backseat giving her the hotel address. She plugged the address into her Garmin navigation and then freaked out.  All hell rained down on me.  She told me that I should be taking the "hotel shuttle" and that this cab ride was costing her time and money.  She told me had she known I was not going downtown, she never would have allowed me in the cab.  Not wanting to be dumped off the side of the highway on a cold, snowy night,  I apologized.  THIS WAS THE CABBIE FROM HELL.  Must avoid.  Me also thinks what she tried to do, telling me I should "put money" on this, was probably illegal.
1	Rude, Rude , Rude, Rude.  I have never seen anything like it, actually.  Not in NY, DC, LA, Miami, DALLAS.  These guys have got to go.  Bring on Ride Share.
1	Horrible.  I called at 8:45 this morning.  An hour later and still no cab.  I called again and they said they haven't dispatched a cab yet.  Another 30 minutes and still no cab.  Called again and they said it could take 2 hours.  What is the point of a cab of you have to wait that long?  Luckily, I had a friend pick me up.  It is now 11 hours later, no cab, no call, nothing.  Worst customer service I've ever had.  If you can't make it you can't make it, but just be upfront and tell me.  I hope Lyft and Uber run YC out of business.
1	Look, a lot of people here are complaining, but that's just because they actually want a cab to show up in a reasonable amount of time and take them somewhere. That's not what Yellow Cab is about. They specialize in the exploration of existential crises. Will the cab ever show up? If so, when? Will it take you where you want to go? Could a dispatcher that rude possibly exist, or is she instead an obtuse piece of performance art? it's an ontologically dense experience. Quite chilling. 90 minutes into my wait, I feel desperate and abandoned, and if it weren't for Yellow Cab, I probably wouldn't have had a chance to experience these emotions tonight. So thanks, Yellow Cab. You guys are the best.
1	The taxi never showed up. I had this experience twice. They didn't show up after I called at 5 am when no one else would need a taxi. They suck. Don't use them.
1	Worst cab service ever experienced. Waited over 1.5 hours for a cab that never showed up.  And, what's even worse, for the 1.5 hours we waited, each time we called the dispatcher they kept saying the cab would be there in 10 minutes.  Awful service.
1	The worst - I was on the phone for 10 minutes - listening to BS on their line as they told me all the wonderful stuff they do and NEVER answered the phone.  Pittsburgh is the WORST city for taxi service I have ever encountered in the WORLD --- really!  Never take a taxi to a restaurant in this city because you may not be able to get back.
1	We attempted to use this cab co. to take us home from two spots -- Carnegie Natural History Museum and Ross Park Mall. At Carnegie, We waited a1.5 hrs for a taxi to come cuz 1) Dispatch sucked and sent them somewhere else and 2) I swear the cabbies dont want to drive out of the way, so they don't. From the mall, no taxi was even dispatched! Again, they probably don't want to drive out of the way but then why not say so instead of leading us to believe they are at least trying. Feeling stranded in a city sucks. The city needs a better taxi service!!
1	Worst f*#@ing yellowcab branch hands down. The staff is incompetent, rude and greedy. You're lucky to have someone answer the phone, let alone get a taxi. Even if you do "get a taxi" fat chance it ever even shows. I couldn't begin to name the countless occasions where a Pittsburgh yellow cab has either not shown up or been at least an hour late. This isn't a first time experience mind you, I've lived in pittsburgh for 3+ years now and this branch is utterly worthless and pathetic. I don't understand how this band of morons is still employed. DO NOT CALL THESE IDIOTS EVER. Use uber or a limo service, it may be more expensive but you'll actually get a ride.
1	Maybe I am a little biased because I just moved here from Phily, where I could step out of my apartment and immediately hail a cab. I knew it would be slightly different in Pittsburgh because of how the neighborhoods are spread out, but I never thought it would be this bad. Of course, I have only tried for cabs during peak weekend hours, 9pm-2am. That's when most people need cabs, so that is when you should have the most to dispatch! If you call for a cab...I should say...if you call and can actually get through to a dispatcher...expect to wait a LONG time. The later you call, the longer it will take. We waited 2 hours the one night, and received a notification that there probably wouldn't be a cab that could get us anytime soon. Our friends gave up and just ended up walking home. I woke up the next morning to find a bunch of missed calls from a driver who arrived at our house at least another hour after I had fallen asleep.No wonder Yellow Cab is complaining about Lyft! Last time I called Lyft, there was someone at my house in UNDER 5 MINUTES. I am not even exaggerating. Lyft is more reasonably priced and much more convenient!
1	The worst. After 20 minutes of waiting after asking for a cab, I had to call again to find out if a ride was even coming. In the mean time, it's thundering at 2:30 in the morning. They said someone will call when they are on their way- which doesn't tell me when or how long it will take.
1	This company left me stranded for 4 hours. I was visiting a friend in Forest Hills and called a cab to pick me up @ 12:30pm. I called again at 1:15 and was told they were on the way. At 2:15 I called again and was told that a cab had shown up and claimed that I was not there. My friend and I were sitting on the porch the whole time. The operator apologized and promised that another car would be dispatched. At 3:00 I once again called and was told that the company had the wrong # listed as my contact. I had given them my cell phone number every time I called to check up on the cab. This level of incompetency and complete lack of respect is unbelievable to me. Every time I had contact with the operator I asked her point blank, "Just please tell me if someone is on their way. If they are not, that is fine too, I just need to know how to plan my day." When I finally got a ride from a friend at 8 pm, I had not seen one yellow cab go down the street.If you need a time sensitive ride, please look for other alternatives!
2	Ugh, this cab service is awful. The cabs in Pittsburgh know you need them and dont care about you. On multiple occasions i have called for a cab and it hasn't even shown up and when they do they are usually late. Please god, deliver us Uber.
1	Don't plan on getting picked up by Yellow if you are in Lawrenceville past midnight. I waited for over an hour for Yellow Cab on a visit two months ago and the driver never showed. We ended up getting a ride by a mysterious guy who drives a car with no cab markings named "Mr. C" or something. Last weekend we were in the process of waiting over an hour when I decided to download the Lyft application. I had a ride lined up, an ETA and an actual conversation with the driver within minutes.
1	This is definitely a horrible horrible horrible company.  Once my friend wanted to be picked up in Bloomfield very late at night.  She was only going to Polish Hill.  Four cabs drove passed her, all with their top light on. She call the number several times and still cabs were driving pass her.  Finally one stopped.  She thank med the driver and told him what happened.  The driver said that the other drivers probably were heading to town to pick up a larger fare.  Okay, these cabs were going on Bigelow to get to town.  My friend lives right off of Bigelow.  Why not pick her up while going to town and make an extra $10 or $15.  So. 90 minutes later she was home.  This is not the first time that I or another friend called for a yellow cab that did not show up after several attempts
1	I wish I could give zero stars. Do anything that you can to not have to book a cab in Pittsburgh. We waited for an hour for this cab to show up and then when it finally did, the driver wouldn't let us in because the "dispatcher" hadn't heard my name correctly. Then, when we got in the cab, the meter was already at $2.50... I guess we were paying for the waiting time too!This company is a *disaster*. Avoid at all costs!!
1	Just had the worst experience ever to the point that I was scared for my life. I call the company while being in the cab and the lady from yellow cab company, all she could tell me to was to get out of the cab as soon as as we could having heard the guy scream at my friend and I while talking to her. He got upset because i ask what rout he was taking. It started first by him telling off someone that was in his way as he back up like 300 feet. And then he went on about me asking him the rout he was taking. He was screaming telling that he was a taxi driver for many years in pgh and that he knew what rout to take and to not suggest either wise. The company need to do better judgement when hiring by doing better psychological analyzation and in customer service.
2	I have found that Yellow Cab can either be hit or miss.  There have been times my cab showed up on time (like a 4am trip to the Amtrak) and there have been times I've waited over an hour and a half.When tryng to get a cab Downtown, I've found it best to walk over to one of the major hotels as I did the other day.
1	Yellow cab in Pittsburgh is a total joke. They're never on time. Good luck getting one after 12 AM. They don't show up, when they do they act like they don't know how to process a credit card, they're shady, and they're just downright unprofessional. This city needs a public transportation overhaul. The fact that you can't get a cab after having a night out with your friends is absolutely ridiculous.
1	Pittsburgh yellow cab is an awful service. As an alternative use Lyft or Uber and support their cause.
1	I wish I could give you zero stars. Lived in Pittsburgh since '95 and the only time I can score a taxi is when I am staying at some some swanky hotel downtown? Yellow Cab needs to drink the poison and go the way of dodo. Losers. Don't ever call Yellow Belly Cab when you need a ride to work. You will lose your job. Constantly call and get wait time in the hours and the Taxis never show up. I actually drove cabs for Yellow for a week until I needed to get a cab to pay rent and couldn't. I personally witnessed drivers gambling and smoking crack while waiting for hours at the airport to get a fair.
1	you suck. i've waited for hours in the west end for a cab. you're more like an airport car service than citywide cab service.
1	There's a reason why everyone in Pittsburgh has a horror story about Yellow Cab. The service is absolutely horrendous. I had surgery scheduled in the fall and it was so early in the morning that I needed a cab because the buses weren't running yet. I called Yellow Cab over an hour before I really needed to leave. I waited for an hour... nothing. Then I got a call that they were at my apartment... they weren't. The cab went to the wrong place. When I asked the dispatcher to please send him to the right apartment, she told me I'd have to place a brand new call for a cab.I didn't have another hour to wait around, so I drove myself to the hospital. I had to leave my car there overnight because I couldn't drive home after the surgery. So yeah, that is just one of many stories I have of being stranded by Yellow Cab.
1	Yellow Cab has put a lot of time and effort into attempting to get Lyft and Uber shut down, but when they had an opportunity to shine and show they are a worthy transportation service, they failed miserably.  In an effort to be a responsible adult while still enjoying the 4th of July festivities downtown, I decided to forgo driving and rely on public transportation.  HUGE mistake.  Attempting to get home after the fireworks was a complete debacle.  The buses were overfull and there were NO taxis to be seen.  The few I did see driving around were not taking fares.  My attempts to call the Yellow Cab company were met with an hour's worth of busy signal.  It took us over two hours to figure out how we'd get home.Due to some minor issues with the "service" (I use this term loosely) I was slightly annoyed with them, but now I truly, sincerely, with every ounce of my being HATE Yellow Cab.  If they want to shut down ride sharing, they need to actually have a functioning presence in the city!
1	Really negative stars if it was an option. I called for a cab one hour before I needed to leave to arrive at the Amtrak Station to catch my train. The cab never showed even after they gave me a cab number and told me it was on its way. Another 40 minutes later no cab. I missed the train and lost my fare. Never in My life have I had a cab say they were on their way and then not show. HORRIBLE, thoughtless don't use YELLOW CAB...in the past they were always late and often called me for directions to my house but it was the first NO SHOW=NEVER AGAIN.
1	Yellow Cab insists that they have a big enough fleet to handle the demands of the city but in reality they have a big enough fleet to handle what they believe our demands are.  On a typical Saturday night after midnight there is at least an hour wait if you call so I suggest you head to the closest downtown hotel to find a cab. What confuses me is that the taxis at these hotels sit there.  They stay at the hotel not picking up anyone.  I guess their employees hate money?To top it all off after a certain hour they will turn off their meters which means they are scamming you.  Isn't that illegal?  They know after the buses and T's stop they have the residents under their thumb so they can choose between picking them up or taking a nap (which we have witnessed before).
1	If you need to get someplace on time, such as to the airport, train or bus station, you can't depend on Yellow Cab to pick you up. Take the bus, reserve another car service, or have a friend give you a ride.I called at 6am for a ride to the train station downtown from Wilkinsburg for a train that was leaving at 7:30am. I gave my pickup address which is on Hampton Ave and was told it is not in their system. He sounded highly doubtful that i was correct about the street THAT I LIVE ON, so I asked if that meant I wouldn't be picked up, and the agent said "maybe"!!! I asked what I should do and he said I could try calling back in 15 or 20 minutes. Sounds like I'd have better odds playing the lottery.Maybe I'm naive, but I can't believe that's an acceptable customer experience.So I hoofed it to the busway with my bags, which for me is a mile, buy at that point I felt lucky to have an option.
1	I make the desperate mistake of calling yellow cab a couple times per year.  Since 2007, I believe I have had one cab actually show up within half an hour of calling.  I have had at least five waits of 2+ hours that required multiple calls each since their dispatch process has no interest in ensuring that cabs actually pick up the people calling.  I've had three calls where I was told emphatically multiple times that a car was coming only to be stuck someplace for hours before I started walking.  I once called for cab around midnight to be picked up inBloomfield, called again around 1, and eventually just got a ride from somebody else at around 3:30.  Yellow Cabs dispatch seemed to believe it was my fault, because I apparently didn't call back enough to confirm I was still waiting.Of course, they don't tell you while you're waiting that you have to keep calling back on some arbitrary schedule, they just assume you know, or rather they use it as a convenient excuse to provide terribly bad service.  When you do get a cab, there's a good chance the car is in terrible shape and the driver is just rude.  I had one driver verbally berate me for wasting his time with a fare to the north side from downtown, literally stopping the car to mock me for asking if I could pay with a credit card.  I asked another driver if he had fives on him so I could tip him five bucks.  He told me no, so I just have him a twenty on an 8 dollar and change fare and told him to keep the change since I didn't really want to fight it.  He gave me back two fives as part of my change.  Seriously.This is the most poorly run company I have ever had the experience of interacting with, and they've been consistently bad since at least 2007.  The only thing you can rely on yellow cab to do is to make your travel around the city hard.  I'm not a weird edge case or anything because I use cabs at all hours of the day from perfectly safe neighborhoods like downtown, strip district, Bloomfield, etc.  Yellow Cab is terrible in all of these neighborhoods at all hours of the day.  It is completely maddening that they can continue to operate given the absolute abysmal failure that they gave proven to be as a company.To be completely honest, I am somewhat surprised that PUC hasn't investigated the wide swath of complaints surrounding yellow cab and consider stripping them if their license to operate.  If we are going to consider taxis to be a regulated utility, those people who use this utility should be able to rely on some level of consistency and reliability, if not also professionalism and courtesy that yellow cab is simply unable to provide.  I know it'll probably be a cold day for Hades before the PUC goes scrutinizing Yellow Cab, but I believe that this is objectively a legitimate, if not overdue response to their failure to provide basic service as a regulated utility.  We need to get rid of this broken company and make room for a company who is able to deliver.
1	I'm not really sure how this company makes money considering they are notorious for never picking anyone up. I have waited 2 hours for a cab home from the South Side (where you'd expect there'd be a ton of cabs--don't they want drunk people's tips?) and ended up getting into a cab that randomly showed up on the street. I was awakened at 4 AM by a driver demanding to know where I was. Man...I called you at midnight and got into a cab at 2. Did you expect me to wait FOUR HOURS for you?They flat-out refused to come to the North Side two weekends ago after the Beerfest. Unsure of what I was actually hearing, I called them again, to be told someone "might" come. I waited for as long as it took to get Lyft set up on my phone--Lyft showed up 5 minutes after I called them. I was so pleased I tipped the Lyft driver 75% of the fare.Yellow Cab has been active in trying to get rideshares pushed out of Pittsburgh, and I'm not surprised. They'd rather file injunctions with the state and fight with the mayor than bother to provide any sort of basic service to their customers. Hopefully the rideshares will prevail and Yellow Cab will have to shape up or go under to continue being competitive in the city.
1	DO NOT USE! I almost missed a business meeting because this company is unprofessional and unreliable. The dispatcher told me quote, "I don't know when your car will arrive." She then claimed the cab had came, called me, and left. That was a lie. My driver, when he finally came, took a wrong turn and muttered swear words to himself the whole ride. I guess a pro is that the cars take credit cards and give receipts? If ever there was a market for Uber (UberX exists but doesn't seem to have many drivers), this is it.
1	Yo fuck this Cab company. My friend left his wallet in the cab. Called back less than 5 mins later and they refused to connect him with the cabbie or call the cabbie for him. Told him to "call back in the morning." These people don't want your business otherwise they wouldn't treat their customers this way.  DO NOT CALL YELLOW CAB!!!!!!
1	Take Cab 509 if you want to inhale the sweet smell of barf and deal with a rude driver.
1	Called for a 10:30am pick up so we go to a drinking event (had a ride home). When I called to reserve the night before, the rep questioned me repeatedly about my zip code since there's a similar street name locally. Yes, I'm sure that's my zip, I live here!  Confirmed they'd call when cab was dispatched. No confirmation number given - I asked. At 10:45am, hubby and I just decided to drive ourselves and leave our car. No call, no show.  Good job, Yellow Cab, and a well deserved pat on the back for ourselves for having a back up plan because we know better than to trust you.  Edited to add: It's 11pm. We never did receive a call.
1	WORST SERVICEAfter a few visits to Pittsburgh I can officially say it would be a massive mistake to use this company, specifically if trying to call for service. I am typically only a Uber user, but decided to use yellow after a surprisingly nice experience with it leaving the casino a month prior. I called for a cab pick up about an hour and 15 minutes before a wedding 4 miles away. After a 45 minute wait, and a second call, I was told the cab was "2 minutes away." After another 15 minutes, I called again and asked if there was an update. They put me on hold and contacted the driver, after which they told me he was pulling into the hotel now. After another 5 minutes, and now only 10 minutes until the wedding, I called again and asked if they could contact the driver again. The operator told me that they don't have the ability to contact drivers, which was awesome to hear. While talking to the operator, the cab finally arrived and we sprinted to the cab. The driver saw us approach, but when i attempted to open the cab door I found it locked. At this point the driver asked, "what the hell are you doing?" I told him we were trying to get in (its also raining on us), at which point he yelled, "you can't do that to a door!" What, open it? Obviously at this point we refused service and drove ourselves to the wedding and luckily made it right at start time. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! A company like this is specifically why companies like Uber need to be successful and allowed to operate in Pittsburgh. Also I am specifically calling out cab #356. Thank you for nearly ruining my evening. I hope Uber buries you guys.
1	I wish there was a zero star option. I've used the cab services in Pittsburgh several times and I can say that every driver I've had was cold and had no personality. My last encounter (if you can even call it that) was the worst. We were downtown for Pittsburgh Pride and needed a ride back to the Slopes. It was 2 a.m. and busses weren't running so they were our only option. The three of us all waited on hold for about 30 minutes with their hotline till we realized we weren't getting anywhere. We decided to just walk back rather than wait for someone to answer to probably just tell us the wait would be three hours (and that's if they show up!).This is why Lyft and Uber are taking over and EXACTLY why I will only use these ride-sharing apps from now on. Not only are the cars cleaner, but the drivers are much more personable. Not to mention that they always show up and are at your front door in a matter of minutes.
1	Worst.Twice we called for a Yellow Cab, one never showing up, and another asking where we were going and telling us they weren't going that way. When we actually did take a Yellow Cab from our hotel, the cab driver was drunk, forgetting to turn on his headlights (we told him they weren't on), and he hadn't put on his seatbelt. This was after 10 minutes the warning beep had been going off and each of us (4 passengers) determined we had our seatbelt on. After he noticed it was him without his seatbelt on he just turned to look at us with a crooked smile and mumbled something.Definitely take either Uber X, Red Cab with Tony Macaroni, or the cabby with dreadlocks playing great 70s sexy music.
1	Horrible service!  Don't waste your time.  Called several times and yet to ever get a ride.  They have you wait hours only to tell you they can't ride you. Last night happen twice.  And once each of the last 2 weeks.  Never again
1	Absolutely Terrible service!!!! I pre-scheduled a cab for 7:15 am, never showed up I called THREE times and was told the first time that they didn't have a pickup scheduled but would send out a "call", 20 minutes later never showed up...on the second call I was told the cab was 5 minutes away, 15 minutes later I called back and was on hold so long the system hung up on me. The cab finally showed up at 8 am. Every time I call for a cab, it's always late, even when I call ahead to schedule a pickup. The cab drivers decide which calls they want and which ones don't.   If the ride isn't very far, it'll take forever for someone to pick it up. Also, they say on their hold ad that they don't serve the airport....which is absolutely NOT true, they sit at the airport arrivals area and wait to be called into the lineup.  There is at least 20 cabs there at any given time.  I don't understand how they still have the monopoly on Pittsburgh cab service. So ridiculous!!!
1	After attending the steelers game sunday night, we called several times to get a cab.. attempted to flag your cabs down.. not one stopped. . Will never consider riding in your cabs again.. word was that all your cabs hang out at the Casino. . It's a dam shame..
1	Last night I called to order a cab for 7:15 this morning.  I called at 6:40 this morning to confirm.  At 7:45 driver called saying he would be here at 8.  At 8:15 the cab finally showed up, exactly one hour late.  Needless to say I did not give a tip.
5	Giving Yellow Cabs a five star due to an outstanding taxi cab driver named Mike who works there. He took outstanding care of me and my dad while in Pittsburgh. The other cab drivers were less desirable but Mike makes up for it completely!
1	Out of the 10 or so times I have tried to call for a cab, not once ever has one showed up in a reasonable time frame, with a few not showing up at all.  The drivers are rude and the cars are dirty.  You are far better off using lyft or uber.
1	I called for a cab at 12:19 a.m., at 2:00 a.m. I still had no cab. Thank God a Vetscab drove by and stopped when we hailed him.
