4	As fun as the Strip is for out-of-towners, it's incredibly frustrating for locals: a traffic nightmare of epic proportions, and assuming you can actually get somewhere and park, you still have to negotiate swarms of tourists everywhere you turn.  Most of the time, it's just not worth it if all you want is a quick, no-fuss meal in a quiet spot.  That's where Ichabod's comes in.Located in a kind of blah strip mall, Ichabod's doesn't look like much from the outside.  Actually, it doesn't look like much from the inside, either - it's quite dark, with strips of Xmas lights running around the walls, and green plants spilling out of boxes atop the dividers between booths (I guess they must be fake, since sunlight rarely penetrates Ichabod's).  It's usually slow, and the servers don't seem all that enthusiastic, and are sometimes hard to find.The food makes up for the depressing ambience, though.  The Bloody Marys are excellent, and I'm told that their soups are great as well.  The menu is pretty casual, diner-type stuff - lots of sandwiches and salads.  Their wraps are the specialty, and definitely worth trying, especially the chicken caesar wrap and the Neptune wrap.  Packed with meats and veggies wrapped inside spinach- or tomato-flavored wraps, they're huge and tasty.  There's some kind of salad bar there, too, but I've always been afraid of its janky appearance (though that's kind of an Ichabod's theme).This is by no means a hip or trendy place, and if you see other diners at all, they'll be older couples and families.  But if you're tired of the touristy throngs and just want to go someplace where you can walk right in and be seated (and not pay $12 for a burger), turn to the dark side and try Ichabod's.
4	It seems that this Bar and Grill has been split in two.  There's already a dead on review for the Grill.....and make no mistake,  they really do have AWESOME and cheap hamburgers.  And the instant seating makes everything shiny too.As for the Bar part.......well.  I heart Ichabod's, but it's atmosphere in the Lounge is a little depressing.  But depression has it's place.  I wouldn't recommend Ichabod's for a swinging group get together....but with Valentine's Day approaching it's time to consider a place to go and wallow in ones tears.  The perfect place to pull up a stool and reflect over a Tom Collins or 5....alone.Oddly it's decor is cozy , not sad in any way, very green but something a little haunting still seeps in.  Maybe it was built on an Indian burial ground.  In closing.....I would drown my  "mean reds" in Ichabod's any day.  But probably not the best choice for a 21st B-Day party.
4	They've recently separated the bar from the restaurant with big, pretty plates of glass. It was a little bit brighter in there this time, as opposed to the first time I went, but I'm not sure how or why.This is an all right place to go to have a drink and watch your friend who bet a lot on a lot of games go bananas over the gazillion big-screen TVs they've got mounted every which way all willy nilly.  It's clean, cozy, and the bartenders are friendly. And, if you get hungry for some good, cheap burgers, you don't have far to stumble.
4	Why hello there giant, delicious burger.  Hello indeed. Yeah, that's me flirtin' with a burger.  You would too if you were at Ichabod's.  I got a teriyaki burger there that was as big as my head (do you have ANY idea how huge that noggin is?) and much, much tastier, with fries and a soda for something like $8 all together.Totally an awesome lunchtime activity if you're in the vicinity.  It was completely populated with older people, save us, and that was adorable.  They have a salad bar that I would be reticent to try, but for those who don't want to just hear "OMG MEATY BURGER" there is that option.  And if the salad bar does completely suck you won't have to go far to drink your sorrows away.Oddly enough, I've lived down the street from here for over a year and I've yet to visit the bar.  I'll have to remedy that the next time I want a giant tasty burger.  Really, they're good.
5	i havent been here in over a year but this is the first place i'll be stopping by at! their nachos are the best nachos in the world. no joke!
3	The logo of the Silhouetted headless horsemen with the beer stein is what sets the high standard for me. Ichabod's from the outside gives one the feeling this place can't serve breakfast, can they? Ichabod's Lounge- as in Ichabod Crane and "The legend of Sleepy Hollow." Has no other motif of Headless Hessian troopers or anything supernatural other than the welcome mat and the Sign out front. It does however remind me of when I was a kid and it was more of a lounge type restaurant that dominated NY (*like Junior's in Brooklyn.) with it's dark interior, little strands of lighting and random salad bar. (Those were the places that didn't leave standard dinner rolls before the food came out; it was muffins or raisin bread.) Ichabod's served up a bomb omelet for breakfast. I get the impression the rest of the menu is solid the service was friendly and nice. This is a local spot the waitress and the older proprietors peppered throughout the place all seem to know each other. The Menu is bar food and I would go there before I go to an Ihop or Denny's. The bar portion of the restaurant as previously mentioned is separated by glass and that's cool the joint doesn't reek of old cigarettes.
3	Went to Ichabods on the insistance of a good friend who wanted to "hang out" there. The first time we went there, we sat at the bar and had a largely pleasant experience. I was surprised at the atmosphere, it was old Vegas and "antique-y" at its finest! They have plush toilet seats, 'nuff said :)There was an elegant looking old-time white piano with a pleasant old man singing Sinatra-type tunes and playing jazzy influenced music. Nothing spectacular, but I definitely felt more cultured downing down more beers here, than at any other bars that I frequent. The food was okay. I got clams, expecting the real thing and got fried ones instead--they were super bland and devoid of flavoring yet full of grease--disappointing! Potato wedges were flavorful and just a bit above average. Ceasar salad was good with fresh chicken pieces.Bar atmosphere was fun, but the wait staff and barteneders are all on the elderly side which made the experience a bit uncomfortable at times as whenever I dropped the "f" bomb or my friend smoked her cigarette, quite a few old patrons gave us "disapproving" glances. We thought it was quite funny, actually!!!The second time I went there had a different experience. We sat at one of the dining booths, and the food came in a terrible fashion. The waitress kept on messing up orders and the food was average at best. I must say that out of everything that our party of 4 ordered, the only stand-out item were pizza fries which came out just like I remember them from the East Coast--greasy, cheesy and good.This night the singer was a young European woman who gave attitude to me when I tried to play the juke box--how dare do I play juke box if here talent is about to play piano?1? (I truely felt bad at first, because I didn't know, but later stopped feeling bad as this pianist gave me attitude and everyone informed me that juke box is not to be played until late night, as owner "does not want hard rock blazing during other hours").  Additionally, this woman sucked as a singer, yet tried to sing the most sappy songs out there. Her piano playing skills were okay, but singing killed the mood, as it was that bad.I did love the juke box and the shuffle board--in fact we'll come here again just to play shuffle-board, but I don't think that I'll eat anything other than the pizza fries and beers, and I'll continue to sit at the bar. Also, I'll make sure the man is playing the piano and not the full-of-herself sucky singer woman.
4	Decided to try Ichabod's one more time--and glad that I did!!! This time around I went for the traditional, classic American fair with no frills, as opposed to last time when I went with my usual, more adventurous dishes. Had a party of 3 and were pleasantly surprised with the food and service this time around! Dinner specials were abundant and portion sizes were incredibly large for the price--salad and soup bar were a welcome change. Soups were incredibly delicious and salads were above average. I ordered a liver special, and my liver came out amazing--one of the best texture and taste/freshness I've tasted in a while. Server was very nice, knowledgeable and helpful. Yay! I'm a fan and will be back. Glad I tried Ichabod's again.
5	This is one of the places I go to when I'm living in Vegas or just visiting, aside from the occasional older patrons you can't go wrong... Friday nights "drink specials" what ever that means? Plus the Chicken Nachos are the BEST in town! The rest of the menu is a hit as well.
4	Ichabod's is a great lounge tucked away inside an enormous shopping center.  You really have to use lounge when described this place because upon walking inside the bar is completely separated for the smokers and gamblers from the restaurant.  The restaurant is top notch in decor and offer a wide array of menu selections for a lounge.  I would compare it to a small... off-strip version of the peppermill.
3	right around the corner from my house, I could stumble home if needed be. Food for a bar, a cut above, not a huge cut, but I have went there just for food actually... Gaming, but I don't gamble, smoking friendly with that crazy new smoke plexi cage they built, cheap drinks too. I would dare say its a trifecta!
4	Do not be fooled by its plain Jane looks. This place has great food  with daily specials that looks pretty solid. The breakfast plates are awesome. The have gaming and the machines are ok. I will definitely be back.
5	I give this bar/restaurant a solid 5 stars, because it is definitely as good as it gets if you are a hungry smoker living in Las Vegas!  You can smoke, drink, dine and gamble in the bar area, which is separated from their regular dining room.  The patrons and staff are a cross-section of young and old, but everyone is very friendly. The Saturday night we were there, they even had a piano player serenading us while we enjoyed our well-prepared entrees of grilled pork chops (me) and NY Steak (him). The piano player even takes requests! Service was friendly, albeit a tad slow, but it was a full house and our server was also training someone, so we cut her some slack. I felt like I was in one of those wonderful supper clubs you see in movies from the 60's, where people gather to enjoy good food, good music and a little tobacco throughout the evening.  Ahhh, the good ol' days!Ichabod's is now at the top of my list of dining establishments in Las Vegas that accommodate smokers AND has terrific food.  After reading the other reviews here, I can't wait to go back and try their nachos as I am a self-proclaimed "Nacho Slut"!   Thank you for doing it right, Ichabods Lounge!
3	We went to Ichabods because I had a coupon and wanted to try something different.  It is located in a shopping center so I was surprised when we walked in and saw that the decor is very old Vegas - low lighting, red tablecloths, candles on the tables.  As mentioned in other reviews, the bar and dining area are separated.  If you have children in your party, you enter the dining room through the door on your left.The prices were very reasonable (less than $10 per person for breakfast and lunch).  I had the Monterey Chicken Philly with no mushrooms and the dressing on the side.  The roll tasted nice but was large and the chicken did not fill it all.  I guess I am used to seeing the meat spilling out of a philly.  The fries were adequate.My husband had his standard two eggs, hash browns, and toast.  A plus was the availability of turkey sausage (although there is a small extra charge).  He said it was nice - which is a compliment.Our waitress, Debbie, was very nice and attentive.  She was busy but still came by to check on us and fill our drinks.I would return to Ichabods except for one thing - the toddler.  She was a little loud for the atmosphere.  If you do take little ones, keep in mind that Ichabods does not have a children's menu - thus no crayons - so bring something to keep them occupied.  This is certainly not a complaint about the restaurant, just an observation.  Other than that, Ichabods was pleasant and well worth the money.  It is a nice local place.
5	What a Great Place to go out and eat and enjoy your company.  5 of us had dinner in the Lounge area while the Piano Player played great music.  We had the Calamari for an appetizer, it was wonderful.  The Entrees we had were Tortilla Crusted Tilapia, Filet and Shrimp, Shrimp Platter, Fish and Chips, a Prime Rib Meal and a Brownie and Ice Cream Dessert shared by all.  All dinners were delicious and the service was great.    All meals include a Salad and Soup Bar.  5 Dinners, an appetizer and several cocktails and our price was $129.00.
4	They know how to sear a fish.  So many tragedies I have experienced with fish and a request to sear.  So many fish have returned cooked through and through.  But no, a man with no head apparently has figured it out.The salmon came with sides and the salad bar.  Isn't the most complete salad bar ever, but at least enough to complete a decent salad.  I did discover that bacon bits and croutons are delicious in cream of broccoli.The crowd is a bit older, but I suppose it's Vegas.  It's also way dark in there, at least in the evening.
4	Interesting little cross-section of old Vegas.  They have live music in the form of one guy on a keyboard playing a few standards and allow enough room in front of him that people can come out and dance to the tunes if they feel so inclined.  This place has a decent menu and a friendly staff, but might not be a place for the 20-30 crowd.  Nice all the same.
3	I used a groupon today for this place.  I was unimpressed; the food seemed good, but the service sucked.  We rarely saw our server.  My husband and my sign of a crappy serve place is when his glass is empty.  His glass was empty for a while.  I had to give our credit card to another person because we sat there with our check for ten minutes and our server was no where in site.  AND the place was not busy.  At most, there was six other tables in the dinning area that were occupied.Not interested in returning.  Rather go to a place that has better service!
3	Meh.  Not in a bad way.  The food and atmosphere are decent in a "This is my Dad's favorite restaurant" kind of way.You won't be wowed by anything but you probably won't get anything bad either - food, service...it's all safe in a bland sort of way.Glad we had a Groupon.  If we had paid full price I might not have been as satisfied...
3	3.5 stars, rounded down.The atmosphere is dim lighting and very relaxed feeling. I enjoyed that. The food is tasty, however, they do need to learn how to serve a hamburger. When I ordered my chili burger, it came out... well... sort of served bar style? The top bun was cut in half and the bottom bun was not... but... why would you put the burger and chili and toppings on top of BOTH buns, and slop it all over the edge so I can't rearrange the sandwich? I ended up having to eat it open faced with a knife and fork, which is NOT why I ordered a burger.The waitress was a bit surly and unpleasant, and bordering on neglectful occasionally. She seemed to spend a lot more time focusing on the obnoxious table next to us, who made a lot of noise. I guess the squeaky wheel does get the grease.I'll go back. It's decent, just not omg amazing.
3	I was surprised when I walked in looks better on the inside then I expected. I love how dark it is inside and the candle lit tables to bad its only like that on the smoking side. The food is just average and the prices are to high for what they serve. I would go back but only if I had a coupon!
2	On the less fun side of the Groupon experience was Ichabod's Lounge.My gf and I shared an appetizer and two specials.  The appetizer was a clam steamer which was served in a large pot with two small cuts of garlic bread.  The clams were indeed super tasty and were plentiful to boot!I thought, "This is gonna be great if the remainder of the food was as tasty and they gave you as much!"Unfortunately, the specials really let me down.  The pastrami sandwich was salty, salty, salty.  The ribettes were super super tender, but lacked any flavor in the meat.  It's as if they boiled them and slathered some bbq sauce on it.  Yech!Didn't have a as big of a problem with service as many of the Yelpers have noted, but she did disappear for a period of time when my gf's drink was empty and again when we wanted the check.I'm not inclined to come back.
4	I had 4 $20 dollar coupons for Ichabods Lounge and it just so happened to be my gf's bday.  So I treated her and some of her family to this place.  I said, get whatever you want! I ordered the French dip which was a little dry but good thing it came with au jus which was too salty and it was more like a gravy. =\ my gf ordered the petite filet mignon which was so good.  They also had an AYCE salad bar, but it wasn't to extravagant and it looked like they were running out on alot of items.  As for the service, it was good, but not that good.  Our server had little to no personality and was way too sarcastic.  Our food was brought out by the chef himself so that was nice.  Prices are not bad at all. I'll for sure be back to try other stuff on the menu, even if I don't have those coupons.
2	The best part about this place?  Their super yummy seafood salad.The worst part?  Their AWFUL service.Ichabod's is near my work so I have been here several times for lunch and every time we've had bad service.  We almost always have to wave someone down to get a refill on our water, and getting the check can sometimes take 20 minutes.If you have an hour lunch... you can expect to use the whole hour, and you might even be late.  Come on, Ichabod's... get your act together.  Your food's pretty decent and you could have a good lunch crowd if your service didn't suck.
3	When we first arrived, we were almost turned away because we had a large party. After mentioning how disappointed we'd be to take our business to Outback, the hostess quickly found a booth she could clean up to fit us. After a short wait it was ready, we were seated and began to peruse the menu.The atmosphere is pretty nice, though it's definitely dark. The lounge area is completely blocked off from the restaurant, which allows people to smoke at the bar as well as letting the establishment serve food. While we were there they had a guy playing piano and later he was accompanied by a man playing the flute. My boyfriend and I ordered the prime rib special, an order of hot wings and the greek town cheese-steak with chicken. The prime rib came with the unlimited soup and salad bar; most of the veggies looked fresh enough, there was a lot of canned things available, about 4 dressings and two soups were out, though one of the soups was pretty low. When the wings were brought out, they seemed a little undercooked. The meat had a chewy texture, not crispy at all- and was juicy to the point of almost pink. The prime rib was very pink and tender and came with a tasty horseradish sauce. The mashed potatoes were chunky, so that's a plus; means they most likely used real potatoes. The greek town sandwich was alright, but the chicken breast was a little dry. The fries it came with were good. Our friends ordered a cheeseburger well-done and it came out pink in the middle. He sent it back and the second one was a little more finished but not cooked all the way through.The nachos looked good; they were a HUGE portion! Definitely not an appetizer for one or two people, it's geared towards feeding a whole table. The portions were big and the food was decent but nothing to get supremely worked up over. The atmosphere is definitely the highest point, as it feels like old school Vegas.
4	5 stars for the delicious food and 3 stars for the slow service.  The ribeye steak I ordered was one of the best I've ever had,it was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  I would have given them 5 stars if the service was better.  They seemed to be short staffed and our waitress had too many customers to serve.
4	I thought this place was one of the best kept secrets until I saw 3 co-workers dining here, too. I don't like eating at old looking places but this place has charm. I've tried and liked their veggie Burger, Philly cheesesteak, Frisco Burger, fries, turtle cheesecake, baked potato, fried mushrooms, fried zucchini, nachos. So yeah, been there a lot. Service is usually good, the Russian gal remembered our drinks. They have a salad bar but it's not big.
5	Great home style cooking. Huge menu selection. Service is always fantastic.
4	To modify a page from the Hooter's playbook, Ichabod's is "Delightfully Creepy, Yet Refined."The inside of the this place is creepy dark, almost to the point of tripping over furniture.  The small Tiffany-esque lamps on the tables and huge, heavy-looking furniture add to the quirky atmosphere.  To top it off they have someone playing a piano to a Casio-style beatbox!  It's a fun spectacle that must be experienced to be appreciated fully,I had the Neptune wrap for lunch today.  It was quite tasty.  The avocado was fresh and the French fries are coated with something that give them a little extra crunch.  I think the Strawberry Fields salad is on the agenda for my next visit.  I was offered a candied walnut from the salad by my lunch companion and it was sweet, but not disgustingly sugar crusty like your typical candied walnut.My only real complaint is that they are used to working with a senior citizen clientele here, so service can be a little slow.  However, when we told our server that we were on a time crunch to get back to work on time today she was pleasant and incredibly helpful.  Ichabod's is definitely on my list of favorites when work takes me to the east side.
4	Still a great place to eat, I had their prime rib special which came with veggies and a potato. It was massive, the size of my face, as well as tender, juicy, and at a reasonable price (less than 20)!  The clam chowder at the salad bar was also delicious, pretty impressive for a self-service kettle.
3	I went there for lunch.  Had the chicken fingers (only 4 per order) and a coke.  The bill was just under $14.  You'd think I had a steak for that price.  The food wasnt bad but the price was a total rip off for just 4 chicken fingers.  Somebody has to tell them that their $10 fingers are on the appetizer side of the menu.  Totally overpriced.
5	I love Ichabods for late night cravings, they got a great open face turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes, gravy, cranberry, etc... I have not had any bad food there on grave, and the best part is that once you order your food is usually out to you in between 5 and 10 minutes depending of course on how many people are there and what you ordered.Would recommend anyone to stop in for a bite, foods great, staff is great, atmosphere is great. all around great place.
4	Had lunch here on 11/28/12.  Walking in you get a feeling of the old Vegas and forget  you are in a Food 4 Less shopping center!   My co-workers had had lunch there twice  recently and loved the food!  The decor was somewhat 70's and 80's with mirrors, big leather booths and chairs and dim lighting- but it fits the place!There's an old-school steakhouse type of a salad bar that looked fresh and very clean!  They had a list of daily specials in addition to a pretty extensive menu.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich with fries.  The sandwich was so tasty!!!  They also have some awesome ranch dressing!!!  Two of my friends ordered the wet burrito that looked awesome.  Another ordered the soup and salad bar.  She declared the broccoli cheese soup was yummy!  Service was friendly, fast and attentive.  It's a perfect lunch place but I would totally eat dinner if I happened to be on that side of town!
4	Another hidden Las Vegas Gem, and I mean "hidden", however, it is worth every minute you search for it.  Lovely, genuine, and seasoned folks run this delightful restaurant/lounge.  Food was delicious and the salad/soup bar well presented.  The split pea soup was perfect, the garlic toast well done and tasty.  We split the Chicken Parm and was more than sufficient for our hearty appetites.  If the crowded madness of the strip is getting to you, get off of it and search for this hidden gem.  It is well worth the time!
5	Love place great prices and helpful staff!
4	I was ravenous for a juicy burger. The burger was pink and juicy with delicious mushrooms, The french fries were less awesome, but I am not much of a fry girl. Tho, now I want to be one, cause it just sounds cool - "fry girl".Someone else described it as having the "old Vegas" feel. She's right. I've been here since '88 and I'm about to be 50, so I too appreciate "old Vegas" or was that being old in Vegas. They even have a salad bar that you can add onto your meal. There were many specials and a really nice menu.I appreciated that we were not rushed out as our party needed time to talk. I noticed other parties lingering at their tables as well.I forget about Ichabod's until someone suggests it. I will try to remember it more often.
4	This review is pretty much only a nacho review because I heard that the nachos were the best in the city and lately I have become a bit of a nacho tramp and I'm working my way around the city to find the best batch. The basic rundown: the bar is a typical bar but the restaurant is actually pretty cozy and perfect for hangover Sundays...or Mondays...or Wednesdays, you get the point, it's dark, dimly lit and has lots of booths. It has a very old school feel with pictures of old school Vegas. The server was awesome (minus the Raiders shirt), nice and very attentive. On to the food, I hate reading too many positive reviews about a place because then it places my expectations too high and all I read was how good Ichabod's nachos are. Well... the reviewers were right, the nachos were pretty good. I didn't want to believe people when they said it was some of the best in the city but it definitely warrants top 5 consideration. Right blend of cheese, chicken, and no overkill on the chips. Sold.
4	Excellent service, food and atmosphere! This is a old style supper club. I have been a fan of this place for 4 years. Nightly live entertainment, fresh salad bar with 2 homemade soups daily and great service. They are located on the east side and are open 24 hrs. The entertainment this past friday night was a piano player and it was very pleasant to enjoy a nice meal while enjoying some entertainment.
4	not quite WHOOHOOO as good as it gets, but close!  A solid 4.5 from this patron.  Went there for breakfast, and LOVE the build your own omelette option for a reasonable price of like $8 for 5 items to build it with of your choice.  I took my adult son and his friend, and have to mention, these boys can EAT and left with doggie bags to take home.  They're also broad shouldered, and sitting in a booth with one of them was a tight fit, but would be PERFECT for date night if you wanna be cozy!  LOVED the ambiance and soft lighting.  Some places similar don't have directional lighting over the tables, but this place does, and it's nice to be able to see your food and read the menu, but also have an old Vegas type "style" to the place.  We checked out the salad bar for the lunch menu, and will be going back to try that next because everything looked pretty good.  Service was spot on, and timely.  I didn't go over to the bar side because I can't stand cigarette smoke, so this HAS to be mentioned too...the restaurant portion is completely separate from the bar area, and "glassed in" so you can see the bar area, but not SMELL it...and THAT is something I truly appreciate!!  You for sure forget your in a shopping center with Food4Less and Planned Parenthood right down the way next to Planet Fitness.  They have assigned parking spots for their customers, which is nice too!  Go enjoy a nice meal, then get a tan or your nails done or pick up a pack of smokes followed by some grocery shopping all within the same corner of the parking area...CONVENIENT!  Especially since I live within walking distance!  I'll be going back for SURE!
3	A favorite for a good friend of mine so I decided to join him after numerous invites. I wasn't sure what to expect, so I wasn't let down or impressed actually.  The place is much bigger on the inside than I thought it would be.The two sections are separated nicely so you can see the lounge / smoking area, but can still dine in a smoke free environment.   The menu was pretty cut and dry with nothing really "wow" on there, although I guess the nightly specials are pretty amazing according to my friend.  Tonight it was Lasagna...I'm sure it would have been good, but he didn't get it either.I actually decided to go with the soup and salad bar as I NEVER do that.  The standard salad options were all there and fresh, but not a huge selection.  Th soups were both ok, but HOT!  I had to let mine cool for a good 5 minutes before I could even taste it.The staff was nice and kept busy, but was never took their eye off of us and was always there if we needed something.  The lounge / smoke area had a nice piano playing, but we didn't spend much time over there actually.  I will say that there were a lot of people smoking, but the air wasn't stale or heavy.  Yes, you could smell smoke, but it wasn't choking.
4	Great food 24 hours.. A very diverse menu.   I recommend the Club Melt.   This is pretty much a typical vegas bar otherwise.  Machines, Separate dining area, and friendly bartenders.When I lived closer to this place, it was one of my regular stops.
3	Excellent food and service.  The drinks are a ripoff.  Do cocktails elsewhere!!
4	The four of us 'adults' went for a late breakfast.  We had company from Oregon.  Bloody Mary's were in order and YELP! steered us to this place and we were very impressed!  Excellent place for breakfast!  Very old-school Vegas type of joint.  The blueberry pancakes were the bomb!  The place was filled with lots of old gray haired white people.  That alone tells you the food is worth coming back too!  Enjoy this gem!  When you are finished, go walk off your food at 'Habitat For Humanity' across the street.  That is exactly what we did.
5	Ichabod's Lounge has got it going on, I've been eating there for years, never disappointed. The food is great and the employees are very personable! You can't go wrong with this place for food!
4	An old-world dinner service with lounge entertainment.  The food is not bad. I had the ham special and my mother had the prime rib--both acceptable for the money!  This is older Vegas and it shows--in a good way.
3	This place is cute in an old-Vegas way. Lots of green decor and old Vegas photos. It's divided into a dining area and bar/gaming area. The staff are friendly and attentive. The menu is fairly extensive and there are daily specials. Mostly American cuisine - various sandwiches and burgers and whatnot. There's also a small soup and salad bar. The prices are reasonable and the portions substantial. My sandwich was a-ok. Edible and tasty enough, but not particularly good. It's the type of food / quality you would most likely expect of a gaming lounge, strip mall establishment. Not worth a special trip IMHO, but good enough if you're in the area.
5	What can I say? I'm impressed. Walked into this little joint after years of driving right by it hundreds of times. You walk in and automatically feel as if you're in a different era when the mob still ran Las Vegas. Dark green walls and dim lighting makes this place feel very relaxing.You walk in and have the choice of either sitting in the gaming area or the actual dining area. We came in for a late breakfast, wanting to try something different we decided to give Ichabod's a chance and we're glad we did. I decided to go with the Denver omelette and it was amazing! Totally loved it, I don't think I've had a better tasting omelette anywhere else. The waitress was very nice and on top of everything, she regularly stopped by to make sure everything was good. I am curious about the rest of the menu so I will definitely be returning to explore it, I'm pretty sure with whatever I order I won't be disappointed. Good food and great service!
4	My grandparents are locals at this spot. I always come here when I'm in town! Last night I had the lemon pepper chicken and let me tell you, it was very delicious! I really like how there is a different section for smokers and non smokers, and the ambiance is also very inviting. They have live music and that really gives it that old school feel.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at this restaurant/lounge.  The price, atmosphere and food all work together. You don't leave here feeling as though you were ripped off and  unsatisfied. I would recommend trying this place out. Ichabod's lounge proves that there is more than what meets the eye.
4	What a find! I love when friends rave about a small place. This little lounge is in a strip Mall. The atmosphere is great with an old Vegas Vibe. The Salad Bar was great! I happened to be very hungry and I'm glad, because the portions are huge. You definitely get your money's worth! I had the New York Strip Steak sandwich, it was great. It's attached to a bar, but separate, which I like. Definitely coming back.
5	Always luv the food and our Prime Rib was excellent tonight. Our Bartender was Trisha great service. See you soon!
5	Excellent and comfy steakhouse feel, tasty and well-portioned meals, and terrific service.The Katrina sandwich was wonderful with an ample amount of fries.  Our server was helpful and attentive.  Tables were plentiful and very clean. Definitely somewhere to visit when in the East Las Vegas area.
4	We were invited to play the poker here and we met some amazing and friendly people. Haven't tried the food. Liked the music.
4	This review (for the moment) is for the dining side only.Went in late on a Friday evening to see a bartender friend who I learned was now working at Ichabods.  Unfortunately it was her day off.  Decided to grab a bite to eat at the dining room.  The dining room is nice in a vintage way.  It looks fancy, but is absolutely causal.  No smoke smell at all from the adjoining glassed off bar area.  There is a salad and soup bar.  Everything (including restrooms) was clean.  Prices were reasonable and the service was competent.  I had the open beef sandwich and my dining partner had the beef stroganoff (daily special) and the soup and salad bar.  We were both pleased and based on this visit, plan on returning again for food.Pros:Good variety on menuReasonably pricedClean and no smoke smellGenerous portionsGood serviceRelaxed atomosphere
4	We eat at Ichabod's quite a bit.  The food is good and at a reasonable price.  The service is superb, the live entertainment during the evening hours is an old Vegas treat.  They have a nice little all-you-can-eat soup & salad bar as an add-on to any meal, and the drinks are well made - though they are a little weak.The food is great, and we've ordered most everything on the menu at one time or another...the Steak Caesar Salad is exceptional, and they have a lot of great daily specials.  The best part about this place is that it is smoker friendly.  The non-smoking side is completely separated with glass and separate ventilation, but the bar area is nice, smoker-friendly, with white tablecloths, comfortable chairs, and charming appeal.
5	This is my favorite bar. I've been coming here for years. Chris is always nice and makes great Bloody Mary's. I always get the shrimp cocktail and lemon pepper wings.Yum!
5	I love this place and go often - HOWEVER - called today to get info and Trish answered the phone and was totally rude to me.  One thing like that can undo all the hard work that has been put into making this place what it is.
4	We used to visit ichabods at least once a week when you could get the best salad bar in town  for free with an entree.. Then the price went to $2.99, we still came because it was still the best in town.  Then it jumped to $3.99 and we noticed smaller portions and higher menu prices. . So we stopped coming. . After about 6 month or so we stopped last night as I was craving that salad bar.  I ordered the hot turkey $8.99 and my partner had the chicken parm sandwich. We then asked to add the salad bar and was told it was now $6.99 to add the bar to a sandwich. So, no salad bar for us.  You can only get the salad bar for $3.99. If you have an entree or order a special. The chicken parm was delicious,  a true winner.  My turkey, was a tiny scoop of mash and bread with a few turkey pieces. . While good, the portion was Def smaller than ever. . To say the least I think they probably have lost 3 customers for good,  and yes that salad bar was still looking good but, they took the soup away and now you have to order it from the kitchen instead of it being at the salad area.
