4	Extensive and varied menu. Large portions of fresh, flavorful food. We've been waiting since March for this awesome location to open! Definitely will be returning often. The hours are convenient as well. Yay!
4	The new Pita Jungle freaking rocks. I haven't been to one in years, but I can see them quickly becoming a new favorite. Ambience gets an 8.5 so far.  I'd have to spend more time in the inside and see the bathrooms to finalize it. but it was pretty kicking Monday night at 7:30 three days after their opening with a lively crowd--somewhat unusual and definitely welcome for Downtown.Good parking right off the patio was open during my two hours there. But we walked there, taking our seats in the patio in the back after a friendly greeting with the bartender.  The *full bar* window sits *very nicely* between the inside and patio which combined make a very un-Phoenix like setting, something I'm really fond of getting used to downtown.  Inside, I was instantly taken aback by the pleasant configuration of the cavernous interior.  I soberly staggered about, grinning idiotically.  Its a use of space that easily beats the last tenant, a fly-by-night home-foreclosure help-line.  I didn't miss the always-closed design firm that was there before either.  I admit my continued giddiness.Outside was comfortable and quiet for the most part except for the occasional headlight glare.  We were the only ones seated on the spacious patio.  But it wasn't isolated; foot traffic from folks driving up, walking in like they weren't from the neighborhood along with folks who lived next door--all nice people--added to the pleasant urban dichotomy of entrances in front and back.Service gets a 9.5/10. Our position outside in view of the bar made it easy to be seen, so I can't say the same for the inside but have high expectations.  The staff should read the directions/learn how to turn the heater on instead of depending on the later arrival of the one bestowed with that knowledge.  I'm guessing enough restaurant patrons would have just gotten colder and more irritated while they waited, I'm not that kinda guy.  I chocked it up to an opening day jitter and pushed both buttons in.The food came out wicked quick, and the super cute waitresses were friendly, patient, and otherwise on top of everything.   A phone call before we left was answered promptly and courteously.  They said they were "not busy", but were crowded when we walked in, suggesting they know how to deal with traffic.  Food gets an 8/10. To start off, it was $5 for what I think was 20oz of a perfect Devil's Ale:  a fun, big glass with a handsome head...Drink me, it begged, and I happily obliged.  Served cold, it warmed me right up.If a buck (or two? please?) were off the beer and the joint stayed open till 4 AM...it'd be a madhouse.  We can dream, but I doubt the looming apartments would enjoy that kind of big city vibe off the patio.    In the meantime, they could have had more warm drinks besides the tasty hot chocolate for the winter. Lola Coffee next door could hopefully provide some of that vibe for some real synergy if they stayed open later.The tzatziki put me in food paralysis--a heavenly feeling I get when I first take a bite of something and it's that amazingly good all other senses shut off.I kind of wondered at the better part of $8 for my companion's small pesto pizza with no meat but it too was a 10/10.The beef gyro was some points lower, I seem to recall enjoying its selection of stock greens (I just killed it this morning as I write this),  but the meat was average and a bit lacking on the sauce.  Either way, they  made up for it with a hearty, filling portion that should be an easy standby for any carnivore, especially one on a budget... ... but take the gyro by itself.   It doesn't quite work next to its $3 up-sell garlic potatoes which were mediocre in the beginning and went cold quick.  Skip 'em. Still, the potatoes along with everything else wait in my fridge for the next day like everything else I took home.  Shouldn't be too hard to give them enough kick again in a toaster oven or microwave.The rice pudding was served cold and average on its own (maybe that's the point?), but it was definitely enlivened with the right amount of cinnamon and half the amount of fresh fruit they put on top.Total bill was $36 before tip. For appetizer, main course, dessert, and beverage for two in such a expletively awesome place, it's definitely worth it. As a quick dinner to go, it's a major, major reason to not hit the local fast food joints in the late evenings too.8.8 out of 10 for my best luck to the latest addition downtown, the newest for all of 4 days before Vitamin T opens up.  What bad economy?  I sometimes wonder. =)
4	I love Pita Jungle. I waited a whole year for the downtown location to open. Today I walked over during lunch for a take-out order. Wait time wasn't a big deal since there were tons of people to chat with. Love the outside patio area.I ordered some hummus to go with my lunch. My pita bread was so cold. Didn't appear as if it had been warmed at all. My actual lunch was nice and warm....but I was sad that my pita bread was cold and hard.
4	I have waited about 8 months for this 'coming soon' place to be 'now open' and I honestly think it was worth the wait.  Went on opening night, and it was great. I never went to a sit down Pita Jungle, so the slow service seemed liked an eternity. I will attribute that to the new staff getting the hang of things.  I'm vegan so I was very happy that they gave a list of what was and wasn't safe to eat, and WHY! That was the best part; you could change the meal to be vegan/vegetarian.  Went today again and liked it even more than the first time.  A good drink ran Rada about 5 bucks, and The hummus sample plate was a buck and additional pita was not even 50 cents more. Amazing.  I like hummus.  You can get veggies with it instead of pita if that's not your thing.  If you're looking for beef and pork though...keep going. The only beef you'll see is in the Gyros. Burgers are veg. :D I am very happy to have this place just walking distance from my fab flat!! Thanks for finally opening!!!!!
5	I quite like Pita Jungle and have been to three of their locations. The downtown location is not only a welcome addition to the neighborhood, but it's also their most beautiful and usable restaurant. The space is very large and features a full bar and a patio. This is something I was aggravated by at the Tempe location is they have no bar, and the Indian School location has no patio. They also did a teriffic job of keeping the integrity of the old Gold Spot Market that they are located inside. The service here is impeccible just as normal with Pita Jungle. Friendly servers, cute waitresses, prompt delivery from the kitchen, and efficient seating. The food is high quality, tasty, and inexpensive. The black bean burger is probably my favorite dish here. A beautiful balance of spicy, smokey, and salty. Pita Jungle yum.
5	i've always been a fan of the pita jungle franchise. whether it's their Chandler location, and their fantastic servers, or the Tempe locale and their easy access along the lightrail corridor- pita jungle is usually a sure fire bet. I've been watching the progress of their dwn twn location for a good couple months now and anticipating the days when i could leisurely stroll down 3rd ave and grab myself some of their tasty treats.When they finally opened i was pleased. It wasnt until last night however that i actually stopped in for a bite.around 9 o'clock pm they have their reverse happy hour, a great time to drop in catch some drinks and wash them down with their tapas; an assortment of their appetizer items that you can order for anywhere from $1 - $3 per tiny plate, and generally due to my cheap and stingy nature anything under $5 i am a big fan of.sampling delicious appetizer items ranging from their spanish style "gambas al ajo", to the yummy hummus concoctions to potato infused garlic dip, dolmades, mozarella tomato and basil with balsamic, to their falafel you can really load up and get a feel to the swagger they portend. Our server was cute, friendly, and charmingly alt. if not a little unsure of the menu she was perky and willing to find all the answers to our various questions regarding the menu. after all was said and done my brother and i had shared several plates of tapas and left quite satisfied with a meagre bill of only $16. Pita Jungle is a great option to the late night foodie scene of downtown, a def. stop.
3	Went here for lunch and had a pretty decent time. It was packed, had to wait a bit. Kind of an odd location I think, but its close to the rail and some other small shops.Our waiter was a bit of a putz. He forgot our hummus plate before hand, and then got one of our orders wrong. Decided to eat it anyways, and it was good, just not what i was expecting. I dont know how long they have been open, so Ill pass and give them a break this time.It is a bit fancier than the other pita jungle out in Arcadia. The big mirror was just odd to me. But just the same as the place out in Arcadia, it seems beautiful people seem to flock to this place for some reason. My attention was diverted more than once with some of the business women coming in. =) I definately will give it another go once I feel its been open a while to see if the service gets better.
4	I totally dug the layout of Pita Jungle.  I was a bit confused about what Pita Jungle wanted to be at first: Bar?  Vegetarian/Health-conscious restaurant? Central Phoenix Trendy Eatery?  I am not sure I can put my finger yet on what Pita Jungle is, but I enjoyed my experience and would be open to repeating.My friends and I split the jalapeno and cilantro hummus and it was quite splendid.  I was a bit confused why it only came with two pitas when it was clear that two pitas would not be sufficient.  Luckily, each additional pita was only 39 cents.  Still, don't serve a dish that is not complete without paying extra.  My friends all had various other dishes that were huge portion-wise.  They all enjoyed their selections.  Service was decent.
4	Great food, urban environment, and free parking in downtown Phoenix! I had the Chicken Pita Cheese steak, and it was fantastic. I would highly recommend this place for anyone who wants the "downtown experience" without the hassle of downtown.
5	Absolutely adore pita jungle.  I'm not a vegetarian but I love their food.  I get the fattoush salad which is warm rice and beans and tons of garlic on romaine.  I've had their schwarmas, their falafal and their hummos and have never had a bad experience.  The new location makes me super happy.  Parking can be hard sometimes but there is a garage just next door.
4	After waiting for seemingly FOREVER for this location to open, it took me a few weeks to get to actually eat at the downtown Pita Jungle.  It was initially a little confusing.  We rode our bikes from my place downtown, and locked them to a tree on 3rd Ave. side.  Not sure if there are bike racks on the patio side, which seems to be the main entrance.  There must be a parking lot back there, as all things Phoenix seem to revolve around the car.  We entered from the Roosevelt side, and a sign pointed us to a host station across the dining room.We went in and out a couple of times (bike lights, water bottles, etc.), which seemed to attract a hostess to our side of the building.  We were seated where we could keep an eye on our bikes, which we appreciated.  Our server was upon us before my friend was even seated, offering drinks.  I hadn't even been able to scan the beer/wine menu, so she brought me a water in the meantime. I was not impressed with the beer selection at all.  It was pretty limited.  I got the salmon dinner, which included wilted spinach and garlic smashed potatoes.  These are three of my favorite things.  They arrived quickly, and were hot.  I was less than pleased that my spinach was served heaped upon my potatoes and topped with the salmon.  I was ok with the spinach and salmon touching, but didn't really dig the spinach juices soaking into my potatoes.  But maybe that's just me.My friend ordered the spanikopita and said it was ok.  She also got the pita melt, and said that was good.  A couple of other friends who also live downtown rode their bikes up shortly after our entrees arrived.  They got the hummus, and had to request extra pitas, as the two it included were simply not adequate.  He got the falafel.  She got the chicken lavosh.  The turtle cheesecake was delicious.  My friend enjoyed the rice pudding, which is made in-house.I really dug what the Pita Jungle has done with the physical space.  It's huge and open.  There's a ginormous patio, too.  Not sure about the heating/cooling options outside, as we ate in the dining room area (as opposed to the bar area or the patio).  I LOVE the location.  It's a nice bike ride from my house.  It has a very chill, urban feel.  I hope downtown folks support this latest Pita Jungle venture.
4	How long have we waited for Pita to open downtown? How long? Boy, oh boy, oh boy!! It was a glorious day when we (my lovely co-workers at Arizona Theatre Company) heard the news that Pita Jungle was open for business. Of course, the best part is that we can walk there from our office on 5th Ave and Roosevelt. Also fabulous is the food! Delicious food!I've been for lunch a few times now, and I want to do a happy hour there soon. I keep eyeing the bar area .... My favorite thing to do at Pita is split two specific items with a friend. 1. Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus (the small platter is plenty!): Chickpea puree with cilantro, jalapeno and tahini sauce, seasoned with fresh garlic and lemon juice and topped with pico de gallo. and2.  The Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza: crispy wood-fired Lavosh crust topped with honey mustard glazed chicken, wood-fired onions, cheddar, feta, mozarella and herbs.I don't even like hummus THAT much, but I really love THIS hummus. The only thing I have had (so far) that I wasn't crazy about was the Taboule salad, but maybe I'm just not a Taboule kind of gal?Overall, pretty delicious. I've noticed that they're still working out some issues. There have been a few customer service inconsistencies, but I'm still in the "grateful they're open" stage.
4	Pita Jungle downtown Phoenix. What a cool place....exposed ceiling and brickwork, attentive young wait staff. This eatery would not be out of place downtown anywhere. Baba Ganoush to die for...roasted for ages for deep smokey flavor. Hummus good, grilled chicken breast a little dry but tasty. Also has salads, wood-fired pizzas and more. Corner of 3rd St and Roosevelt in downtown Phoenix. Bar area looks like a nice place to hang out too. I havent been to any other Pita Jungle so this is reviewed without comparing it to the others.
4	the atmosphere is neat..the food is good..Nicely done.
4	On the way from home (San Francisco) from Tuscon (by way of Disneyland), I wanted to meet up with a friend that lives in Phoenix. He suggested Pita Jungle for a late lunch. Service was good, the a nice mix of attentive and patient. My friend actually lives in Scottsdale, so it took him longer to make it there than it took us, so the waiter was chill about us sitting at the table drinking iced tea for half an hour before my friend arrived. I wouldn't go as far as to call it excellent, but a solid "good".The menu offered several yummy sounding options, but having eaten Lucky Wishbone one last time a few hours before when we left Tuscon, I really just wanted a light snack while visiting with my friend. So lucky for us, we were there during "happy hour" which offered plenty of very inexpensive snack options ($1 hummus trio, $2 fallafel, etc.) We were able to get a nice sampling of tastes on the cheap, and satisfy the snack level hunger while catching up with my friend... i couldn't really ask for more.. The iced tea was also very tasty! If I lived in Phoenix, I would certainly go back :)
4	The downtown Pita Jungle has been long in coming, but I am happy to report it was worth the wait.Popping in for a quick take out order, I was really pleased to see the spacious interior with contemporary yet cozy tables and chairs. This seems like a departure from the other PJ locations, and it really fits the venue. Polished concrete floors and a historic building make a great canvas for this PJ location. It has a noticeably different feel than the Tempe location, and that isn't a bad thing. Bonus points to PJ downtown for providing ample space between tables. If you've been to the Arcadia location then you know how tight seating is, and you essentially need to introduce yourself to the people sitting next to you, as you will be hearing every word of their conversation.As with other PJ locations, this location is filled with attractive servers, bustling around. When I went to pick up my order, I noticed a few employees were having a bit of a spat, and launching zingers back and forth at each other. Not sure what the issue was, but maybe a better location to fight would be in the back kitchen area?In closing, this PJ location is off to a great start, as with any new venture, there are things to be worked out. I imagine if they get some front of house leadership in place, things will run more smoothly. In the meantime, it is a reliable place to grab a good meal.
3	I love you Pita Jungle, but on this particular occasion, you weren't firing on all cylinders. Having only been one other time I decided to order my usual, it's probably not "usual" if I only had it once, huh? Well, I decided to order what I had last time, how about that? Spicy chicken, beans, rice, a slew of veggies all wrapped up in some wheat pita, figured I'd enjoy it as much as I did last time, but not so much. It was a little off. Unlike last time when the veggies were crisp and I could differentiate between them, this was a pita full of mush, and I could barely get through half before I chucked it. It had good flavor and in PJs defense I took it to go, so maybe something is lost during carryout? In any case, It was good enough that I'll be back, and maybe next time I'll make sure to eat in.Know Before You Go:If you're taking it to go, call in your order. It was a zoo when I was there and I had to wait close to twenty minutes.
4	Granted, the ambiance at this location is completely different than any of the other locations I've been to, I think this is such a pretty space! I was especially impressed that despite all the concrete and block, it wasn't as noisy as some other Valley restaurants that share design elements. As for the food and any menu recommendations, I like the: Red Pepper Hummus Gambas Con Ajo (5 shrimp, loads of garlic and tomato. Hint: the description says there's cilantro. I HATE cilantro and I like this dish.) Spicy Chicken Wrap (packed with chicken, beans and rice -- big enough to share!) Broiled Fish Sandwich (My fish was cooked perfectly here. There was way too much bread, though. I wound up eating most of the fish with a fork and leaving most of the bread) Fruit & Cheese Fantasia (A hit with my family. It's huge!) Wine List (they have great selections! I can always find something I like.) Perhaps my least favorite thing on the menu: One Thousand Beans because it has tempted me more than once and then proved to be beyond bland -- flavorless. Blech!
4	Last week a large group of us went to this location for my birthday dinner. Many of us had been to the other locations and thought we would try this location out and I have to say I was very pleased.  The same great food, however this location has a great open and urban feel about it.   I had the spicy chicken wrap and the thing was MASSIVE.  If you get this, you better be hungry.   It honestly could feed 2 people.   I've had other pita dishes there and those are typically better proportioned for a meal.  The service was pretty good, especially since we had such a large group.   I give this an enthusiastic 2 thumbs up! Ambiance / Decor: A+Drinks: A  (Had Pino Grigio and it was yummy!)Food: AService: AAffordability: A
4	Friendly service. Ordered the Veggie burro. Should have gotten 3 friends to help me finish it.
5	Great place to eat, I love the jalapeno hummus and the chipolte chicken lavosh pizza. The atmosphere is alive, great energy and has a fresh new look with a friendly staff. I think this is the largest Pita Jungle that I have seen it's defiantly the nicest location. Lots of seating inside and out. Can't wait for the weather to get warmer so we can enjoy the patio area. The best part of having this great new place is that its only 1 block away from where I live, perfect walking distance. The only thing I did not like about this place was that it closes way to early 10 pm and on First Friday it should stay open to at least 12 or 1am. Hope they adjust those hours soon, so Check it out.... =o)
4	First off, glad to see someone move into the Gold Spot building!! Got my husband to come and try Pita Jungle, even though he says no the Greek food.... The building is done up nicely, with a great outdoor patio area. The beers on draft are first rate, and the happy hour tapas menu (all for $1 !!) is great for chatting and sharing. We ordered wayyyy too much, as the plates are very large. We shared the Greek salad, fresh and tasty. Husband had the Phillie Pita... huge, and hot, tasty and given a good review by him, with a "I could do this again". I had the Tuna Pita. It was great, but I thought it was tuna in a pita, and it was greens with tuna on top with a pita on the side. Was great, but huge!! Then we shared two of the one dollar tapas plates, the falafal and the hummus trio. Both good... Service was wonderful, and the whole experience was good. Glad to have them in the hood, a new place to ride our bikes or scooters to!!
5	Fantastic food, fantastic location, very very cool. Not too expensive, totally worth it. Does wonders for the poor Phoenix Downtown scene. I love it. Downtown loveHave fun
4	The new Pita Jungle Downtown location in the Gold Spot building is pretty sweet. Healthy eats at reasonable prices, wrapped in a hip looking ambiance is money. As a downtown dweller, I LOVE that they are open on Sunday. Plus they have a fantastic patio in the back with a bar (BAR) so I can bike on over and get my day-drinking on. Chicken shawarma is my standard fave, hummus is always good. Pitas can be a little dry I've noticed, they need to get on that. Oh, and they serve wood fired pizzas here, haven't tried one yet but from the descriptions on the menu they look pretty yum. Will order one next time and report back for sure!
5	I first went to a Pita Jungle over three years ago and wasn't impressed.  Earlier this week, a friend and I met at the Downtown Phoenix location for my belated birthday dinner.  Wow, has my opinion changed!Service was great.  The ambiance was really comfortable.  The food was delicious.What I appreciate most was our server's honesty.  I went in knowing I wanted baklava.  When I asked him if it was good, he said no.  I asked if he just didn't like baklava or if it was truly not good.  He said it was truly not good and recommended the carrot cake instead.  It may sound inconsequential to be so impressed about someone's opinion on dessert selection, but I thought it was really cool.  and the carrot cake?  TO. DIE. FOR.  Thank you, Anthony!I went back yesterday with my cousin for lunch.  We arrived close to 12:30, at the height of the lunch rush.  We went in, gave our names, and waited just a few minutes for a table.  Again, service was great, even when we asked for extra pita, refills, or took forever to make up our minds.  This place  has quickly risen to the top of my favorites list!
5	I've always been a fan of Pita Jungle, but this location takes the cake for service!I call before I leave the office to get an order to go.  They tell me 15 minutes.  When I arrive 15 minutes later, my order is ready!  The service here is always friendly and they know my name.  The place is clean, too.The back patio is huge and they have free wifi.  There's even a small bar outside, looking in.  I've never seen it completely empty. So glad we finally have a Pita Jungle in CenPho!!!
5	I'm am an avid visitor of pita jungle. I live in phoenix and would go all the way to the tempe one several times per month. Now I am five minutes away and I love it. I had the honey glazed chicken lavosh pizza and it was amazing. The one in historic phoenix is urban, modern and the diverse crowd there is welcoming to all. Whenever we are trying to decide where to go eat pita is always first choice.  Pita jungle is and will always be my favorite place to eat.
5	I came in here today for the first time at this location. I had to philly chicken pita and they made it spicy for me by request. The pita was bomb with tons of flavor. I had some pita chips on the side, definitely puts any fries I've had in the past to shame. Another thing I liked is that the whole place was Live and packed with people, who were on lunch break and just relaxing enjoying the weather outside in the patio area. The service is great, and I like the vibe I Would Def come back again !
5	I found the Pita Jungle by accident while looking for another restaurant. We HAD to use the restroom so after no luck with the other place we just decided to stay at the Pita Jungle.One of the main reasons was because when we used their restroom it was SUPER clean and so was the eating area and kitchen. Another reason was that the food smelled lovely!Fortunately, we decided to give it a try. The staff was super nice and helpful. We opted for the outside seating which was lovely in the perfect weather! The patio was super nice and I felt like I was in Europe NOT in the U.S. I really loved the ambiance, decor, and presentation.I ordered the shrimp and OMG it was sooooooooooo good! The shrimp was sauteed in onions, crushed garlic, and tomatoes. It came with pizza slices shaped pita with pesto spread. OMG! I cannot emphasize how delicious and flavorful it was. I highly recommend this place!
5	Great food. Service and atmosphere. What more could u want?
4	I'm a fan of the whole Pita Jungle family, so I was pretty pleased with the newest addition. Working at the Downtown campus of ASU, there are certainly some great spots (especially when the food trucks hit on Friday), but having some pita goodness less than 5 minutes away is nice. I actually missed the grand opening by....well, about 5 months, but better late than never!So first, this place is basically a "spic-and-span'd " version of the Tempe and Indian School PJ's. For Desert Ridge and Downtown, the Jungle seems to have cleaned up their act a bit, with the ambiance and serving staff. Not that I dislike the punk chics with sleeve tattoos at the other locations (cute inked girls are never a bad thing), but you can see that the Roosevelt location is trying to draw in the business crowd. It must be pretty successful; we got there at 11:15 with the place half empty, and it was packed within 15 minutes.Our server was very good, on top of our table (in a good way) during the entire lunch. I am pretty easy at Pita Jungle; I am legally addicted to their hummus, so I just got the Hummus with Sirloin while my lunch-mate ordered a greek salad and dolma. Everything was fantastic. I have never had a bad order of hummus from PJ (and there have been A LOT of orders), and the sirloin was really good. I was used to the chicken, but the steak was a welcome change. I even grabbed a dolma from CM, which was very good, almost like a full sushi roll with just rice.Overall, it was a very good lunch experience. I would suggest getting there early to avoid the lunch rush and dive into some pureed chickpea splendor.
5	I was ecstatic that they open this location.  It is close to my work, since the other locations are a bit far from home.  I love, love, love Pita Jungle.  I can eat here every night.  I have not had one bad dish.
3	Went to @PitaJungle for @SMUNCHPhoenix. My first visit.It's a beautiful space, open and airy, and well lit.I ordered the Basic Pita Omelette;the whole dish was a bit dry, so I added some pico de gallo, which helped considerablythe mushrooms were huge! Need to slice those a bit smallerthe amount of egg relative to the other ingredients was a bit lacking, but only very slightlythe pita might be better if it were slightly toasted; it became quite soggy by the end of the mealAll that being said, I did enjoy my meal, and the price was very reasonable for the amount of food.I would return to Pita Jungle.
4	I was so glad to see that Pita Jungle opened in downtown Phoenix.  It is great to have another fresh, healthy place to eat nearby.  The location is great in the historic Gold Spot building on Roosevelt Avenue.  They did a great job with the space - there is a nice outdoor patio, a fireplace near the bar and the exposed brick walls.  The service was friendly and efficient and the food was just as good as the other locations I have tried.
4	Out of town traveler and found this on yelp! Will be back next time I am in Phoenix, it was GREAT!
3	So, not sure if was just what I ate but I didn't think it was great.  I had a lunch meeting and decided to try their falafel pita.  For $6 I thought it would have a side or something, but it was limpy lettuce, hardly any sauce, burnt falafel and a huge pita..it was ok but not great at all.  Others had the philly chicken pita and the garlic potatoes which looked really good but for what I had and paid, totally not worth it. Service was good and friendly and it only took about 10 minutes to be seated inside however, we had an annoying fly lingering around our table the entire time.   Since service was good, I will have to try the place again to see what people are really raving about!
3	First rule of Brunch Club is that if you're going to be serving brunch, you have to be ready to serve brunch. The brunch crowd wants their food. They want eggs and pancakes and bacon and toast. Stat. At the very least they want coffee or a mimosa pronto.Second rule of Brunch Club is to offer enjoyable breakfast items. I was sad to arrive here for Smunch one day and order something on the lunch side of brunch. For the first time. In my life. A chicken pita?Don't get me wrong, the food was fantastic. Anything that sounds good usually is at Pita Jungle. They were also great with separate checks. I just think that brunch is a little lacking and could use some guidance. From true brunchers and breakfast enthusiasts.
4	They have awesome jalapeno cilantro hummus! Their tabouleh salad was pretty good, but a little too much cilantro (yes, it's possible).
5	My Mom introduced me to Pita Jungle. We went to the beautiful location on 3rd Ave. The patio is gorgeous. We had the best waitress ever. Jamie. The food is really good. Yes, a bit pricey. But it's definitely a place I'll go again and again.
4	First time here, was very pleased.  Very good pitas and gyros, cool location downtown as well.
2	I wish there were 1/2 stars because in all honesty I would give it 2.5 stars but my experience was less than superior so I am not going to give it 3 stars.I live right next door to this fairly new restaurant and always thought it was a convienent place to grab lunch or dinner.  Last night after the gym I went home and had nothing in my fridge so I decided to place an order at the Phoenix location.  I ordered a spicy chicken wrap with no rice or cauliflower, which to me seems like a pretty basic order...I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I looked at the clock and it read 7:14pm.  So I got dressed and headed down and walked in the door at 7:30pm.  The guy at the front door was super nice, and told me that someone else would help me.  I told the guy that I had placed an order to go and the 1st problem, he couldnt find my to-go ticket anywhere.  I have a feeling they never printed it out, which in turn never got handed to the kitchen.  I paid for my dinner and proceeded to wait another 15 minutes for my very plain spicy chicken wrap to arrive.  All in all my wait time was 30 mins!!!  You know I dont mind waiting most of the time but when I call my order in and am told 15 mins, I expect 15 mins!  And no one ever came to me and apologized for the wait or anything!I know my review probably wont make a difference but to the owner or manager of this location, get staff that seem interested in what they do and hire kitchen staff that can get things out on time.  Won't be eating at Pita Jungle for a while...i will give my business to Athenian Express or Switch if I want a quick and delicious meal.
4	I love Pita Jungle...the bf on the other hand is waffling on his opinions---the first time we went to the one in tempe together we sat there for 15-20 mins and no one ever came by to take our order, bring waters or even silverware so we just left.  Sooo last night we decided to venture to the downtown location for another go together (I've been plenty of times and love it so I was super excited) and we kind of had to sit and wait again for a server....10 minutes later-not that long but no one even stopped by to tell us they'd be with us soon-once our server came by she totally ROCKED!  made me so glad that bf changed his opinions a bit, I think her name was Alisha? anyways, we had a great time just hanging out on the patio drinking wine and eating reverse happy hour, which by the way is super cheap $1-2 tappas and then drink specials as well.  we walked out of there with a bill of $26 for 2 glasses of wine, 1 beer and like 6 tappa plates :) love the location, service and food...hopefully next time they'll jump all over us right when we sit down so bf stops teasing me about having to wait ;)
4	Pita Jungle is one of my favorite places to go for reverse happy hour after 9pm.  They have $1 - $3 little tapa plates and we usually split 5 or 6 of them!  Hummus, olives, mozz & tomato, garlic potatoes - yum!  That way, you get so much variety.  I love how vegetarian friendly their menu is and I enjoy that I can try something new almost every time!  My favorite is the Thousand Bean pita - its so huge that even when splitting it with my man we are unable to finish it!I wish their staff was more friendly.  On more than one occasion I've had staff be outright rude.  All other times, it never goes above mediocre.  Also, whats with the weird pita to hummus ratio?! From the name, you would expect an entire jungle of pita bread. There is always way more hummus and never enough pita...I am okay with eating my hummus with a spoon. I just don't want people to look at me funny.
3	For starters, I love Pita Jungle as a restaurant. I think the food is great and any opportunity to go there, I do.  Except, one Saturday my boyfriend and I decided to go to this place.  People who worked there were hanging out outside on the benches and it was about 9:40am so we figured they were open.  Instead someone yelled at us from the bench that they were closed; not professional. We eventually came back half an hour later and ordered a humus and chicken plate along with the cheese and fruit platter.  We were under the impression they were coming out together, especially since we told them to.  Our chicken and humus (absolutely delicious and perfect for two people to share) came and we ate the whole thing.  We had to ask for water twice.  The waiter was extremely nice but there was obviously only two other customers.  Once we were full, our fruit platter came. We ended up taking it to go.  Perhaps, it was just too early in the morning because other times I've gone, I've had no problems.Definitely try the chicken and humus.
4	Great place for happy hour food.  The tapas are so insanely cheap that you can order a bunch and put together a nice little meal.  I'm not much of a drinker so can't speak to the booze values.
4	The Sunday Brunch was really good.  The Sangria was to die for.  Will go back very soon.
5	i love me some pita jungle!! love that there is also a location downtown by my place of lovely employment :)you will find everything you would at all the other locations, the jalapeno hummus is awesome !just a tip *** if you are ordering and you only have an hr for lunch i HIGHLY suggest calling in and ordering for pick up. this location being downtown is always hectic!p.s met the Mayor of Phoenix here on a lunch time run.. good to know he enjoys a good plate of hummus ;)
5	Pita Jungle is the bomb!! The Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus is awesome. It has great flavor and not to much heat.
4	Generally speaking I am not the hugest fan of Pita Jungle, but I really enjoy this particular location. It is large, has a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and an awesome patio.My favorite thing about PJ is their INCREDIBLE happy hour. They do a huge selection of tapas for $1-2 each! You can get a few small plates and try multiple things and have your bill, with drink, come out under $10. Slammin! Tapas items: Hummus Trio, Garlic Dip, Sauteed Mushrooms, Tomato and Mozzarella, Olives, Taziki, Some Lemon Chicken Dish, Olive Oil and Pita, and Falaffel. I'm sure I missed a few others. They also do $1 of cocktails and beers, and have $5 draft margaritas. HH ends at 6pm. Generally I think the food is pretty bland, but I have also come to love the cilantro jalapeno hummus, the 1000 bean entree, and the Caribbean salad. I also enjoy their falaffel. I'm not really sure what would make PJ a 5-star for me other than all around improvement on the flavor of the food. Maybe I am just picky.
3	the hummus and chicken are good. service has improved in the last few months. good take-out option...
3	[4 stars for Ambiance 3ish for the food.] While I am a big fan of the location and the ambiance I don't know that I was terribly impressed by the food. Of course not knowing what to choose I went for a combination they offered with Baba Ghanoush, tzatziki, tabbouleh, hummus, marinated green bean salad, falaffel and a couple of dolmas. Yeah a lot of food is what I was expecting and I received. The plate was served with about 3-4 whole pitas. They were a bit dry and stiff. Maybe Al Hana has me spoiled. The baba was a bit bland and I was unimpressed but I did really enjoy the falaffel, tzatziki, and the hummus. The green beans were good and I also prefer my tabbouleh with a better balanced parsley to Bulgar ratio. This was about 85%+ parsley. I took about half of what I was served home. I can see myself coming back here but now I am wiser about what I would order or not order again. I did enjoy the ambiance and the location is hard to beat when I am out looking for quick bite to eat.
4	I have gone here 3 times now and all three times  have been very good.  The service is good and food is even better.  I love the garlic potatoes there and pitas are great as well.  All the food is fresh and tasty.  There portion sizes are huge so usually I get one of the Pitas and just eat the filling and the garlic potatoes is enough to share.  I would suggest this place to anyone who wants to go out to eat but not be unhealthy. :)
4	I really was impressed tonight when I walked over from the studio to pick up some take out.  I believe the young man's name was David who helped me.  He had just been promoted from general help to handling take outs for this location.  He's going to do well.  The service he provided was just what I could have asked for. He knew the menu and a lot of small details I wouldn't have expected.   He even made me aware that there was covered parking that I didn't know about.  I haven't been in a Pita Jungle for years but if he is representative of the type of people that the company hires, I'll go back more often.  I certainly couldn't complain about the food either!  I like vegetarian especially when there are some interesting dishes featured which they definitely have.
4	Well,.... garlicky taters....chipotle chicken thingies..... a Philly steak pita.Now I'm not what you call a small eater but damn....I had to try a few things for my first experience. My driver had the Portobello  Burger thing and really loved it. I tried a piece....well, I am not a vegetarian but it tasted ok to me! I like mushrooms just as much as any other.I would say that overall deliciousness is 4 out of 5. Pricing is 3.5 out of 5.I will eat here more often....
4	Location, location, location.  Great building, easy to find, and conveniently close to my favorite downtown venue The Lost Leaf!What a nice surprise - Happy Hour prices until 6pm on TAPAS (that's a fancy word for cute little plates of a variety of dishes).  Nice to try a variety and not commit to a big plate of one thing!Good service, salmon salad was fresh and generous without being ridiculous.  Veggies were fresh, salmon was grilled perfectly and very fresh.WORTH the drive downtown.
3	This place has superb service. I've been there three times and the wait staff is always friendly and personable. The location is cool and the spacious area is bright, and great to eat in. Unfortunately, the times I've been there, the food wasn't so good. The dolmades I had were mushy and too sour. The pasta salad was incredibly bland. The gambas con ajo was better, but not at all special. The mozzarella, tomato and basil wasn't too good, either. The mozzarella tasted old...The atmosphere is friendly enough that you can go and have a drink and get a quick bite, as long as you stick with the hummus...
3	I feel this is still a 2.5/3 star place and it really based on their food.  The food is good most of the time but the service, the service is really bad each and every time I go there!
2	Well I was so excited when I seen a new restaurants was popping up the block from me... yay food! But honestly for me the food looks better than it taste. I love the idea but didn't care for the food. I may swing in again for their sangria it awesome, but the food not for me.
4	Easily the best experience I've had at Pita Jungle since they aggressively expanded. The space is open, inviting and tasteful, there are separate bar and dining rooms, and window seats make for a surprisingly romantic setting. I don't usually equate Pita Jungle with romance. (Only layout criticism: The bathrooms are cozy, and not in a good way.)The food was reliable as per usual (although the bread was a little stiff, which tends to be the case later in the day) but what set the Roosevelt location apart from PJs on 44th/Indian School and Scottsdale was the service. This girl had worked a long day (she recounted 15 and 20-top services she'd administered over the dinner rush) but her attitude was meadow fresh. (Sometimes I get a sense that PJ servers are allowed to be rough around the edges in an attempt to earn hipster cred but thankfully not here.) I could eat the chicken and hummus plate with extra cucumber all day long and when I do I'll do it from this Roosevelt spot.
3	We eat here often because we live in the neighborhood. The service has always been very poor: slow, wrong food, uninterested, did I say sloooow? But lately, the food had taken a dive. In fact, the past three times it has been pretty bad, we may find somewhere else to go for awhile (plenty of spots in the area).Last night, both the Moroccan Gazpacho (which wass amazing 2 weeks ago) and the hummus with chicken were so drenched in lemon juice, I had to add sugar to make it edible (couldn't track down a server and I DID make it taste better by doing that).I love having tthem so close to us, but they really need to work on two important things: service and food!
4	While I've only been here once with some coworkers for Happy Hour, I think this place has a lot of good attributes to make it a place to come back to.I liked the fact that it wasn't too loud to have a nice conversation during happy hour.  We ordered drinks and got the Hummus Trio, Babbaganoush, and some pita.  The first batch of pita was cold but nice and soft.  We quickly ate it up dipping it in the hummus and Babba.  The different types of hummus were very flavorful.  The happy hour prices on the appetizers were great but our server told us the servings were only enough for one person (so not really for sharing).  We asked for more pita and then got a few whole pitas which were warm.  When they cooled, however, they got hard...not very appetizing.  Servers were friendly and checked in with us often enough.   It wasn't too crowded when we were there (between 4 and 6 on Friday) but busy enough.We didn't have too many other things to eat but the menu looked interesting--I definitely would like to come back.  One tip: there is a parking garage with free parking across the alley from this place.  It doesn't have a lot of spaces but probably is best for late afternoon to early evening.
4	I love this place. The service however is a hit or miss. Either you are going to get great service or your service it going to suck butt and it never really matters if they are busy of not. Their hummus is smooth and creamy, so very tasty. I always get the grilled chicken pita. I love this thing, probably the reason why I always get it. My partner is a vegan and this is a great place if you are eating vegan. Ask for Jenna if she is in, you won't be upset about the service.
5	Great food!  Great atmosphere!  Great service!  Our table was even visited by the deliciously french manager Andreane (spelling?)  Outdoor patio seems more like Brooklyn than Phoenix......Ultra urban!  Plus the over all decor seems  notch up from other Pita Jungles I have visited.  I can't wait for this weather to get better.  I hope spend more time on the back patio throughout the winter months, and hope they will bring some live acoustic music on board.
5	Best Pita Jungle in town. Brunch was awesome! Whole wheat pancakes, mimosas, and basic pita omelette all were delicious.
4	This is the fourth pita jungle location I've been to, and I must say this location beats out the Chandler location in terms of character, and overall atmosphere. Now, the Chandler Pita Jungle may have a "lake" view but this one is set in the middle of the very artsy and picturesque Roosevelt neighborhood. Its setting alone yells out sophisticated urban space. The large windows facing the street, the whole exposed air ducts/loft look and the large mirror with the kitschy frame made of various radios and stuff - love it! now, as for the food, what can I say? I love pita jungle for what their menu offers, and I am boring when it comes to Pita Jungle coz my usuals are hummus, their garlic potatoes (yum!), the Chicken Shwarma plate, and my ultimate fave their Chicken Pasta Salad (rotini pasta, with grilled chicken and sliced tomatoes) boring eh? So, I decided to change it up, and this time I got the Chicken del Sol, it's more of a stew of sorts with chicken pieces and stewed tomatoes and a cheddar lavosh crisp as an accompaniment. It was good, loved the taste and flavor but I really felt they went overkill with the tomatoes, it  was a tomato filled dish that really became too much that i started hating what i ordered. =( Chances of me getting it again is a possibility, maybe I'll ask for less tomatoes, but me coming back to this location? of course! love the vibe and can't wait for another pita jungle outing. =)
5	Pita Jungle has really grown on me over the years and this location is a big reason why.  Service is always great and friendly whether it's eatin' in or for take-away.  The restaurant has a cool design and great views of the street in Roosevelt neighborhood.  Back patio is sweet and large.  I sometimes go on my own and sit on the patio side at the bar which is also nice.  Everything I've tried on the menu is good and tasty.  Lavosh pizzas are great, the Turkey Pesto Lavash Wrap is awesome, though I think it's pretty chintzy to charge for extra dressing (really, is it like made of gold???).  Many good options for vegans and vegetarians too; the Lentil Fattoush Salad is a particularly good stand out.  A great place to go for a healthy and affordable meal.  Enjoy!
5	OMG they have the best Dolmades I have ever had. I've searched high and low for them, including multiple Greek restaurants and the Greekfest. Still no one can beat PJ's dolmades. I am also in love with the roasted bell pepper hummus. I went there for take-out yesterday. The dolmades were almost finished by the time I got home. I skipped the pitas that came with the hummus and instead brought out my own veggies, all of which went great with the dip. I want the recipe!! The restaurant itself is such a pleasant place to be, too. The inside is huge with high ceilings and lots of windows, and the patio is always hoppin'. This was the second time I went and I have yet to eat a mediocre item there.
4	Enjoyed lunch today with friends and my gourmet son at Pita Jungle. It's hip and trendy, but don't let that stop you from coming to visit. The food was very good. Since the weather is so nice out, we were able to take advantage of patio dining. Our server was nice, but honestly, I don't remember her name. In fact, I'm not sure she introduced herself, but one of my friends knew her from a previous restaurant they both worked at.  We enjoyed the falafel platter and the small hummus as starters. The falafel was flavorful, tender, and not overdone at all. I hate hockey puck falafel. My vegetarian friend enjoyed the roasted vegetable salad, my son had the pesto pizza, our other friends had the lavosh pizza, and I had the chicken schwarma pita. All were very tasty. My son enjoyed his pizza so much that he didn't even speak the entire meal. I'm looking forward to coming back soon to try out some other treats! I have been told via my Facebook Check-In that I MUST try the nachos so next time, it's on my list!
2	I will start by saying that I normally LOVE Pita Jungle, so it disappoints me to only give this Downtown location 2 stars.With 2 kids (under 3) in tow, I was meeting my best friend for a quick lunch downtown. We sat outside to enjoy the weather and keep my kids happy. It took almost 15 minutes for a server to even acknowledge me - despite my telling the hostess after 10 minutes, and trying the flag down the server who kept going out of his way to ignore me. Finally I was able to flag down another waitress, and give her our full order, so that it would arrive by the time my friend got off work.The lunch rush was over, so I didn't expect our food  to take longer than 15 minutes. We ordered a fruit salad (the Carribean), a Lavosh Chicken Schwarma Wrap, and a kids meal. THIRTY minutes had passed and our food was still not out. My friend literally had 10  minutes to eat before she had to be back in court.The only thing they were quick about was taking my friend's credit card.The 2 stars was because the food was delicious as usual, but this was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant for lunch. So disappointed.I really hope they step up their game. Next time I will go back to the Desert Ridge or Arrowhead location. Much better service/experience.
5	This place is awesome!!  Cool location, staff is friendly and helpful and the food and drink selections are excellent!!
3	Although not my favorite, Pita Jungle is an okay place to grab lunch.  The food is very good, but certainly not the best.  Sometimes I feel the food is too flavorful, and not in a good way.I did just discover that Pita Jungle has a reverse happy hour on food, and I enjoyed getting just about one of everything for about $20.The service is pretty good and PJ finds itself in a pretty good location downtown with easy parking.  I've noticed it gets VERY busy for lunch, so allow a little extra time.
5	Best place I ate in all of Arizona. Good authentic Mediterranean food. The fish burger I had was amazing and the potatoes were perfect. The atmosphere is elegant yet casual, the crowd was mellow, and there's a bar.
4	Pita Jungle has always been a valley favorite for me. The  Lavosh Chicken Schwarma is one of the tastiest med fresh meals I've had for lunch. This location is ok, the staff is friendly if a little forgetful at times. The happy hour is where it's at: From 3-6pm they do $1-5 tapas. Some of the menu items include hummus, baba, garlic dip, lemon chicken, mussels and shrimp. Also $1 off beer and wine.  A happy hour that starts at 3? Now that'smy kind of spot.
5	Delicious.HUMMUS.
3	So glad that Pita Jungle has come to downtown finally!  We have been big fans of this local chain, but have to say our favorite one is the Arcadia location.  The food is just as good at this location, but the service is the issue.  Whenever I order takeout from this location I have asked a few times for them to walk out the food to my car so I don't have to bring in my 2 toddlers, and each time they act like they are so busy and just wont have time to bring it out.  They have also done it but make comments on how they have gone the extra mile for me.  It's not like the location is that packed.. When I have dined in the dining room the service is also a bit lacking.For food - The glazed chicken lavosh and then cilantro hummus is amazing.  I also love the chicken and hummus plate.
2	I'm going to start off by saying that every Pita Jungle review I will do will be based on how high the Tempe location set the bar. It is the ONLY Pita Jungle I will return to. They're the only location with consistently good flavors, portions and service. I waited almost a year to eat here after this location opened, because I learned my lesson after going to the location in Scottsdale on it's opening weekend. That experience was horrible. Because of that experience, I like to give a place a while to work out the kinks before I visit. If you want more info, check out that review.So this location. Okay. Well, It's usually dead in there if you go anytime after 7pm on a weekday. Mostly because it's downtown and it dies down here after everyone gets out of work. I live in the area and this location always looks really busy at lunch time, so I opted to go in for dinner, twice.Visit #1- I went in with a friend and we shared a plate of hummus and pita for an appetizer. Meh. It was okay. The hummus tasted like it was old or something. And the pita was cold and almost hard. Usually any place will warm up the pita for you (which I know to be true of other PJ locations), but they did not. We asked our waiter to warm up our plate of pita because ours was cold, and he kind of huffed about it and reluctantly went and got us another plate. So then out came our entrees. I got the Caribbean salad, and my friend got the Broiled Fish Sandwich. For those of you who don't know, the Caribbean salad is pretty much just a big fancy fruit salad on top of mixed greens with coconut and raisins. Well, that's what it's supposed to be. Mine was just mostly a bunch of grapefruit on top of iceberg lettuce. The apples looked to have been cut long before they were put on top of my salad because they were turning brown from being exposed to air, the bananas were also turning brown and didn't taste fresh at all. I kind of picked at my food, but I don't even think I ate 1/3 of it. Waste of food and money. My friend seemed to enjoy her sandwich but she added that it tasted really fishy. I know, I know. It's a fish sandwich. But anyone who knows anything about seafood knows that fish shouldn't be FISHY. Whatever. I tried. Round 1 at this place wasn't a total disappointment, but I wasn't planning on rushing back in any time soon.Visit #2- I went in late one night to place a to-go order after I had gotten out of school. I was REALLY hungry, as I didn't have time to eat before going into my 6pm class. I got out of school around 9, headed home and looked for a place to eat. Unless you want fast food, your choices are slim when you're downtown at night. I headed inside, the place was almost deserted. There was 1 couple sitting close to the front door, about 3 or 4 wait staff that I could see and that was it. I went up to the counter and ordered a greek salad and a side of pita and hummus. The girl who took my order was very sweet but a couple of the other employees (including one of the cooks) were just staring at me angrily. I guess it offended them that I would walk in and order something so close to the time they closed. Anyway, a couple (literally) mins went by and my food was ready to go. The nice girl who rang me up wished me a good night and was very polite to me. I got home, so excited to sit down and eat my salad. I opened the box and everything just looked thrown in there. I know I got it to go and all, but where's the presentation? It literally looked THROWN into the box. Whatever, I'm gonna eat it anyway. I took a few bites of my salad and then opened the hummus up. Guess what? THE PITA WAS COLD. AGAIN! I live a total of 2 driving mins away from this place there is no way it was heated up and got cold by the time I got there. Ugh. Just ugh. Maybe I'm being too picky, I mean this isn't really authentic mediterranean or ANY kind of food I guess, but I just wish people would try a little harder to keep people coming back. I realize this place gets most of their business from the downtown business crowd, but where's your sense of neighborly love? It's been about a year since my last experience there. Maybe I'll go back, but only if I'm being taken there by someone else and they're paying for my food. I'm done giving this location my money. The Tempe location is better, and they're really only about a 15 min drive from downtown.
3	Not a fan. After eating at some great Middle Eastern-Mediterranean restaurants lately my thoughts turn to the mediocre experience I had at The Pita Jungle here in Phoenix. I was excited to try them since they have branches all over the valley - in spite of some of the reviews here on Yelp.While the service was good and the ambiance casual and attractive the food sucked. Total disappointment with their pita. Now, I wasn't expecting the rapture, but I was hoping that it would be one of the best ever. It was, actually, one of the worst. Cold, hard and tasteless. I have had wonderful, warn, fluffy and soft pitas here in the valley- but not here. You're the Pita Jungle. Hello ?  Very sad when you screw with a fat man's food.While the portions were generous and well presented, all were just mediocre.  I had the Mediterranean Platter. I grade it a C. Now in all honesty, they have an extensive menu and maybe some of the other items are great. Hell, they look fabulous. Maybe so I should maybe give them another chance ? I want to like this place.Again, the  service was good- and it was the lunch rush. Maybe the cook was in a bad mood. Sorry Mr. Pita Jungle.
4	Great AZ based restaurant chain that is growing and why not, the food is very good.  I have eaten here for years and should probably have more consistency in my check ins because I would be the BOSS!  For those who seek healthy catering options, these guys rock my staff have always appreciated it.Their menu selection is very diverse and the hummus is off the hook.  I love having the mahi with hummus and pita chips!  You can always try out their lavoush pizza's and never forget their Pitas! The staff are always cool hipsters that actually work really hard for their tips (at least in the two locations I frequent).  Only feedback for the owners of the company would be to be more consistent in your recipes across your expansions!
2	Service is just so hit and miss. We stopped in today to get a to go order at about 2:15 and waited for a half an hour. Then they got our order wrong. If my wife didn't like their Med salad I would not be back. The food, in my opinion is average at best. Service is inconsistent and the bad experiences out weigh the good experiences.
4	Delicious. Awesome location. Beautiful patio. A bit pricy, as always.  Still, grateful it's here!
4	This is my favorite Pita Jungle location. Probably because it's right in my neighborhood and extremely convenient. I like that it's a little bit fancy and the art work in the restaurant really suits the Downtown Phoenix style. This is a great place for lunch or dinner. I have yet to try brunch. This is also a good place for take out. I like to order and take a short bike ride then come home and pop in a movie. This is what makes living downtown fun. My favorite dish is the chicken combo at any Pita Jungle. This is due to the delicious garlic sauce that I can mix with the rice. I also like the combo of beans, onions, and pickle. So good! No matter what you are eating, I recommend ordering some garlic sauce on the side. If you like garlic that is...
5	My sister finally took me here after numerous trips to Scottsdale. The chicken hummus appetizer was great. The chicken shawarma was excellent. The rice and lentils were excellent. The roasted potatoes were very good. I can't wait to eat here again the next time that I'm back in town.
5	Delicious! Very clean and very nice looking and has an artistic theme inside.  The chicken shwarama gyro is good!  Also the spanakopita is tasty! my dad got the lahvosh (sp?) pizza and from a nibble of his..mmmm sooo good!! .  my 2nd favorite place for greek food.
4	They say it's all about location,location, location... Indeed there is truth to it, Pita Jungle is in the heart of Roosevelt and a few steps pass Lola's Coffee. I always walked passed this place to snag coffee and hi-jack a table to study at lolas. However as I was exiting & noticed a crowd of folks eating outside. My hunger pains got the best of me, so I decided to give it a shot and the hostess, blonde wow. Getting off point, the food was excellent their menu had a nice variety of options. Great service and the atmosphere was inviting. A kick-ass place to bring friends and chow down!
5	Great addition to downtown
4	Great food that is well priced. Come here twice a week. Lunch on Mondays and Dinner on Wednesdays. tried most of the menu with no complaints. Great happy hour prices, though the portion size is really small. Only complaint would be the wait during the lunch hour and slow service all around. Been to 3 of their locations in the valley and all have the same quality food and service. Overall, great food at reasonable price.
1	Avoid this location for many reasons. 1. The hostess seated us at a table that was dirty. 2. When the server (Tony) finally showed up (10 minute wait), he was very rude. 3. It took 5 minutes yo get my drink, and they weren't even busy. 4. The staff was habitually touching their face and hair, especially the bartender tonight (5/1/12). I hope none of them touched my food....5. When I ordered with Tony, I made a mistake and he rudely tried to correct me instead if ask questions. 6. I had an empty glass of water for over 10 minutes. Not sure why this location doesn't have their act together. Tell all of your friends to not waste their time.
5	Healthy, Fresh, Good Price, Clean, Friendly. Perfect
3	Been here a number of times.  I am not a huge fan of the food but it is good.  I seem to always be torn between ordering a side if I do its way to much to eat however if I don't I feel still a slightly hungry after.  The food is different lots of dishes you can order other places but they seem to have there own special twist on things.  I know if I keep sampling the menu items I will find something I really like...  end up there most time with guys from the office who really like the eye candy that seems to almost always be in the place.
3	This was not my first meal at Pita Jungle and I am already a fan. It was however my first time at this location in the Gold Spot. The building and space are great, and certainly outshine the other strip mall locations around town.We started with Happy Hour Tapas and wine that are priced just right. The tapas portions are SMALL but they only cost $1.50 to $3.00 and a great way to taste a few diferent things.We both had the same entre of roasted chicken on spinach with smashed potatoes and tomato garlic broth. It was tasty although the Chicken lacked any kind of roasted qualities, it almost looked poached. none the less it's something I might order again.We had great service as expected from our server, she was very attentive.Lots of good stuff above but now for the bad, FLYS & BUGS! and LOTS OF THEM, not all the creatures buzzing around the table were standard flies, Im not sure what they were but the unwelcomed dining companions never left with a constant dive bombing and ear buzzing. Owners and managers cant ignor this and need to figure out how to get rid of them. For this reason alone, I probably wont rush back. The flies were the sole reason I didnt rate with 5 stars because they were that bad!
2	They should put the flies on the menu! We went for lunch and were bothered by so many flies that it ruined the meal. Just be prepared!
5	I love pita jungle so much. I have been to pita jungle locations plenty of time before and am never disappointed. Whether its a salad, a pizza, or their awesome hummus! I like they decor of this location the best! Our waitress was awesome! She brought out bkalava for one of our guest because it was his birthday on her own.
4	Absolutely love Pita Jungle, especially this one because of where it's located in a historic building.A few weeks ago, my husband and I took his family here, who are of Syrian descent. Of course, they were delighted to see Hummus, Falafel, and Baba Ganoush on the menu! They were even more delighted when our food came out, and it tasted not only authentic, but was presented in a modern way and was completely yummy! I ordered the Hummus Trio platter, which was bespeckled with kalamata olives and lemon chicken. Yum! Others at our table ordered the wraps and the pizzas, all of which were excellent! We also got a Tomato-Basil Caprese Appetizer for the whole table to share, which we all enjoyed.Service is usually quick and friendly. The brick patio is very cute with string lights and a laid-back ambience. They have great happy hour tapas platters, too!I love this place because it's healthy, reasonably priced, and gives you an authentic taste of the middle east.
2	The food is always very good but they get a three stars at this location. I used them for a very large catering order to feed about 30 people. I choose to pick up the order as opposed to have it delivered. When I arrived to pick up the order there were a few things that went wrong. 1. due to the location it is difficult to pick up large orders unless you can pull up front to load the vehicle. Well there are pick up parking spots but patrons who are staying for lunch seem to feel that they can park there for as long as they want so these were all taken which meant i had to park in the far back part of a parking garage. No biggie except the restaurant does not have a cart to load the food on to take to the parking garage well.... they do but they only have one and that was in use for the guy doing deliveries. I had to make five trips back and forth to the garage with food. On the last trip I finally got one employee to help me out with a tray or it would have been six trips!. Another issue is that the trays that the food is put on are flimsy even if you are very careful. I had thin plastic sandwich trays with a depth of an inch and a half over filled with humus. These would be trays you would serve sandwiches on. The covers kept popping off as they were transported and humus leaked out everywhere. Containers were not well sealed so I also had other food items all over the car. When I got the items out on the other end to take into the office it was very difficult as the containers were very leaky and messy. I have done a lot of catering orders over the last eight years and this has been the worst as far as packaging, maintaining quality of food and keeping food in containers that keep food at temperature. I was able to fix the presentation of the items but it was awkward. I am happy to say that the other pita jungle locations do a better job of catering, I have to specify what containers I want used but other locations seem to be accommodating. I will not be using this location in the future for catering orders. The container issue could be fixed but the assistance with the order which was large could have been handled better.
5	I'm giving this place five stars because there isn't a place like it. Healthy, Mediterranean, interesting hummus options, and great drink specials? Come on, this place has it all if you like all of those things. The name made me think this place was going to be a walk-in joint with a sub-par menu. I ate at the downtown PHX location, and I was completely surprised! Eat out on the patio if you can. It's a lovely setting with stringed lights overhead, and alley views. You get a real urban setting here, and delicious food. I had a pesto turkey pita and my husband had the Philly cheese steak one. We ordered the cilantro jalapeno hummus = this is a must try. We didn't go during happy hour, but the menu had really great prices $3-$7 for drinks and small plates. Portions are generous. ambiance is great for date nights or casual drinks with friends.
1	The food at Pita Jungle was nothing spectacular. I was excited to go here because of the great reviews. First of, we ordered a few things of the happy hour menu, hummus, baba ganoush, lemon chicken and one more which I've already forgotten. The lemon chicken was decent quantity and had some flavor. The rest of the apps were mediocre with regard to taste and tiny tiny servings! I had the chicken platter and my husband a gyro. His gyro was decent, but my platter was not..the chicken was dry and the beans very plain. The pita they served was also dry and stale. I wouldn't go here again.
5	Love the outdoor patio area! I'm glad I had my first Mediterranean experience here. Hummus and healthy wraps for the win! :D And as my best friend put it, this is like the food that Jesus ate :p
5	I must be hitting the jackpot lately on dining at less busy times!I can't think about anything not to rave about!First, let me say I immediately noticed a difference in the atmosphere from this location to desert ridge. I liked it, definitely felt like we were "downtown".I came with the bf and his buddy, and we all gawked at the HUGE mirror on the wall with very unique knicknacks framing this monstrosity.The "executive" seats were also a nice plus and a step up from aforementioned location. We also stared at the hugely inviting booths that were sadly all occupied, but luckily our seats were nice and comfy anyway.We got the hummus as an appetizer of course, with chicken. Mmm Mmm Mmm mmm! The 3 pitas brought weren't quite enough and they do charge for extra, but its $0.39, nothing to squawk about. The hummus plate is so large and generous, and it could not be left to waste. I don't know what the chicken is marinated in, but I would like to learn, and replicate it at my house! Friend got the spicy chicken wrap and coconut curry soup. The soup was in quite a big bowl but I was focused on the hummus and did not try it. I did try the spicy chicken, and it had a nice flavor to it. The wrap is gigantic btw.My bf got the wood fired chicken special, and it was also humongous. Huge portion of chicken breast over broccoli(came with spinach but he subbed, n/c) and garlic smashed potatoes with enough tomatoes to feed an army. Okay maybe not an army, but plenty of extra for me!!! Those tomatoes were so tasty, almost like bruschetta. I want to go back again soon and find those tomatoes in another dish, I hope!Then there was one of the best pizzas I've had in my life. I was feeling incredibly indecisive today, but this pesto pizza called out to me, and I added chicken (for $1.79). Holy Mother World of Flavors! Even my bf said my dish was the best at the table.  This delicious pita pizza was packed! Pesto, feta, spinach, mushroom, tomato, chicken, topped with melted mozzarella.  Again, I consider myself a completely stuck up pizza snob, and I would not have changed a thing about this!Good service too, but to be honest, I like the food so much this is one place I would still go back even if the service wasn't good!
4	YUMMMM!! love this place so good! Place is clean, and in a part of downtown not super busy. I like the ambiance and went for happy hour. The tapas plates were not to generous though next time ill get an actual entree plate. Really good flavored food! yum will be back!
3	Always love pita jungle food but the downtown location consistently has bad service.
1	One common thread that seems to run through the Pita Jungle restaurants is POOR SERVICE. Waited 50 minutes for food and then had to deal with a sour, condescending bartender. Oh joy. That was truly my last foray into Pita Jungle.
5	HUGE portions! Spicy Chicken Wrap was twice the size of a Burrito from "that place" down the street!
4	Great food - like all of the PJ's. This one is tough during the week for lunch - call ahead and get it to-go otherwise you'll be waiting. If you can get there by 11:30 you'll be ok. Friendly service each time I've been there.
4	I used to live across the way so i ate there a lot.  I'm basing my review on the fact its mixed of all the times I've eaten there... I only had one meal which was very lemony and very salty and ... it was during happy hour, and the waitress brought new and also didn't charge me.  GET THE ROASTED VEGETABLES.  AMAZING.  I beg for the dressing recipe everytime I go.  They also have a salad with corn in it which will last for three days its so big.  my girlfriend gets salmon everytime and says its the best in the valley.  Shes well traveled.LOVE THIS PLACE, it gets hoppin on fridays and especially on first friday.
4	I live within walking distance and I love this place. My recommendations from the menu are the jalapeno cilantro hummus and the wood-fired chicken. I can't say enough good things about this chicken! Normally I don't really care if my food is "pretty" as long as it tastes good, but this chicken dish is notably visually-pleasing. With the tomatoes, spinach and mashed potatoes piled on the plate it's really colorful. Even my dining companion noted that the plate looked really delicious. And it tasted awesome as well. The only thing to note is that the garlic mashed potatoes are HEAVY on the garlic (which I love). But don't expect to have the best-smelling breath afterwards... After eating hummus for an appetizer I could only eat 1/4 of this meal even though I wanted to eat more because it tasted so good. I ate it for lunch and even part of my dinner the next day -- a huge portion of food!I will be back here many times I'm sure.p.s. - the only thing that wasn't good was the margarita. it tasted like the mixed stuff you buy at the grocery store. I'm not sure which tequila they use but it was cheap and gave me a headache after two sips. I couldn't even finish it, and I usually love margaritas!
4	I ordered the cold tuna pita which was fantastic. Definitely a lot of food for $10. The entire menu looked amazing and it was hard to choose what to order. I can't wait to try the hummus next time that everyone talks about!
5	I was in Phoenix this past weekend for work and my friends took me to Pita Jungle - AMAZING!  We don't have anything like that in Utah and I was in heaven.  I had the chicken swarma pita (twice- don't judge) and it was SO, SO good.  I'll be back for sure!
4	I do love going here. The service has never been a problem for me on a late Friday or Saturday night. Even on a busy Thursday lunch, we had a great server. But I have gone to Pita Jungle for years and wish they'd add some new gluten free options. I know people say "get a salad" but sometimes we just want a "real meal" besides the hummus, chicken tikka and salad options. So I hope someday they can add some more items to the menu.
2	The food is getting boring now. Nothing new and exciting.
5	Loved the Salmon Dish!
5	So far, I've been to two of their locations, and I absolutely love this place.  The atmosphere, decor, the food - all of it amazing.
3	So far so good. The wood fired Salmon dish rocks. The grilled chicken wood fired dish was very flavorful.....Cool waitress for sure tonight. Name to follow soon.....CHOOSE HER!!! However, little on the grungy, dirty side. Would not pass my white glove test I am sure. Get your cleaning supplies out Mr. GM!! I hear your a wanna be?? Well, get to be and start crackin!!
5	This place is great, the food is so delicious and you have to try this place,  you won't be disappointed!
2	not happy.The to-go containers of Hummus shouldnt leave you questioning the order.....curved sides ONLY work with __________ (will refrain from being funny)
3	Eh....   This Pita Jungle is in my hood so my husband and I used to go here a lot.  Lately we've avoided the place because the service is sub-par.  Allow me to get on my soap box for a minute.  I'm a water-drinking kind of girl and I'm not going to apologize for that.  Just because I'm drinking the free water doesn't mean I don't want my glass refilled as fast as my dinner companion who may be drinking the ice tea.  You refill the ice tea - you refill the water. It's simple. So why do I have to remind the staff to refill my glass? Every. Time. Here in endeth my rant. Seriously though if you're a vegetarian (like me) or you like Mediterranean food (also me) this is a good place.  Not great but good.  (I really don't think chain restaurants can be great but the familiarity is comforting.) However the baklava is great!! If I was just rating the baklava that would get 5 stars. And the bartender Celia is very nice and chatty which we appreciate in a bartender.  Mostly we come here for the happy hour when money is tight.  You can stuff yourself on tapas and get a huge beer and the bill is only like $20!! (For two people) If the service improves I will consider changing this review to 4 Stars.
5	I just found out from the duke that this was a local est. I feel like an idiot. Every time I go into this joint I get a good vibe all around whether its' from customers and employee's. Awesome hapy  hours. normal and reverse  hours, I dig the patio layout and I am sucker for em' too. The food is delightful  I always  enjoy trying out the vegan/mediterrenean style dishes. . Also another plus is they serve alcohol! No local micro brews :P...I think.
4	I can't find any words to describe the food at Pita Jungle other than hearty and delicious. The portions here are generous sized but prepared healthy so you can indulge without feeling guilty.I'm not a big fan of hummus or even the pita dishes so I go either for their fish or their wood fired chicken. The wood fired chicken in particular is served with delicious, zesty garlic tomato sauce that almost make your toes curl. Accompanied with mashed potatoes, this is probably my favorite dish.Unfortunately I've only ever had Pita Jungle as takeway so I've never had the eat-in experience but I bet the food is even better dinning in.....some day.
5	The happiest happy hour in Phoenix.They have a HUGE selection of DELICIOUS (and veg-friendly) happy hour food and great wine specials.  I think I got 2 apps and a glass of wine for under $10 one time.  Seriously.  Seriously.  Plus the patio is gorgeous!I actually just convinced myself that I need to go here after work today.  I would give it more stars if I could. :)
4	Kudos to Pita Jungle.  You can expect Consistency and Good Service when you dine at Pita Jungle.  I have been to several Pita Jungles in town and one thing for sure is that your food will be very consistent and your server will be attentive. My experience at PJ Downtown Phoenix last night was excellent.  It was late, almost closing time and my wife and I were greeted as if the restaurant was just opening up for the day.  We did not feel rushed at any time and the server was very attentive. We shared a Caramelized Chicken Pizza (Lavosh) and a small Greek salad.  The flavors were great.  I do think that a Greek salad should have Kalamata  olives on it and they don't do that at P J. Good Value, Great Locations and Great Service is what you will find at Pita Jungle.
1	Great food awful service! 20 min to get acknowledged constantly asking for service that should be provided. No refills, no silverware waitress dropped food on our table yet never came back to pick it up  and if we asked for the service that should have been provided she was plain rude about it. Worst dinning experience I have ever had. This location is plain awful!. Im not the type to write a bad review but the service was so horrible I felt this location really needs to do something about the servers they hire. I understand that a lot of circumstances can lead to bad service thats why Im usually not the type of person to complain I usually try to put myself in the servers shoes and understand that it might be a bad or busy day. I didn't go at a busy time it was this past Sunday around 4 and we sat at the patio. There weren't many people there yet the wait staff had no time to wait on our table or acknowledge us we constantly had to ask for service and still deal with them constantly forgetting to help us. Steer clear of this location. I have been to the other Pita Jungle locations and have had a great dinning experience. Beware!
4	The food is always good, but it can be hard to get in and out and back to work in an hour.  It gets busy and I think they could use another server or two during the lunch rush to get the patrons in and out. Parking is rough, so leave early (do an early lunch).  I usually still have to park a couple blocks away.  Not bad when the weather is nice, but I can see it being misery in August.
4	I just got off a 21 day all vegan fast and all I can say is that if it had not been for Pita Jungle I probably would not have made it. They have some great vegan options as well as just a large selection of healthy fresh menu items at a very reasonable price point. The only reason that I took off a star is that both times I have been here the parking is horrible. The plaza that it is in is awesome for bike up or walk up business, but if you are in a vehicle and it is anywhere from 11-1pm in the afternoon you may as well hang it up cause odds are it is not going to happen.   Back to the food, the hummus trio is seriously fantastic. I don't know of anywhere that I can think of off the top of my head that has better hummus. (I have been wrong before, so feel free to correct me :).  PS...Leave it to me to look over 30 super healthy and delicious menu items to find the one thing on a slab of bread and covered with melted cheese. (The chicken philly pita). There is a little something for every tastebud on their menu which makes for an easy choice if going with a group where no one can make up their minds.
2	so annoying to eat here during lunch! I will not be back again during lunch time. I had to take TWO hours from work today just because service was SO SLOW and parking is terrible. we ordered our food at 12:15 and it didn't arrive until 12:45. (note: none of us ordered anything that took long to cook, we ordered the broiled chicken salad and the veggie burger).  we scarfed our meal down and paid our bill, but then had to wait around another 10 minutes because our server had forgotten to bring my friend a to-go box. eventually I ended up just walking up to the food prep line and asking for a to-go box.  I'm not sure if they need to hire more staff or what, but they need to do something about the awful and slow lunchtime service.
4	I am a fan of their food, but I wish their staff was a fan of customers. I feel like such a bother when I visit and would visit. The wait staff is sometimes so rude for no reason that we can't help but laugh, but it gets old fast.  Them: "You mean you came here for food? And you want a drink, too?! Wait, the tapas was so good you want MORE?!!" Oh, the nerve!
5	This place had the WOW! factor of my first Chipotle. I had a few tapas which were great appetizers for less than $5, but I was not prepared for the awesomeness of the Veggie Garden wrap. Firstly, it was HUGE! And the quality of the food was so high that I couldnt finish it! A wonderful blend of veggies that is way beyond your iceberg lettuce/ tomato/ onion joke of a wrap that most places serve. A Savory sauce holds it all together from the inside, while a great tortilla hugs it together externally. The service was great. The art was great.The atmosphere was hip, artistic, and classy
1	so... I hate to be the scumbag rating with one star but...I will paint this picture for you:Our server at the 2nd time we tried ....  beater tank top, disgusting armpits learning over our table.... yum yum.  NOT. My first experience with this place was last June in Flagstaff, AZ.  There were 4 of us....  2 of us are from the restaurant industry so we get it.....We were sat, and we sat there for 15 minutes.  Not one person came by to get a beverage order or anything.  The group of servers where standing at the bar drinking their beverages and showing each other stuff on their phones...  We flagged one of them over, he literally rolled his eyes, and looked over at one of the other servers and pointed at us.  still nothing....so we left.  so, I am back in Phoenix this week ....  I am a vegetarian... sounded like a good idea, same friend I am with, we decide to give them another try.  yea, pretty much the same thing....  we kept having to flag our server down, we had to ask for our appetizers as our lunches came out first ... and he gives us some bullcrap story about how pita bread takes forever to warm up.  uh ok.  whatever.So, I am never going back, I tried twice.  At least the 2nd time I got to eat, the food was good.  But really I can't stand watching servers in restaurants drinking their beverages, watching the game and playing with their phones.....Bummer.
4	This place is kinda badass.  I've been to two dif locations and like them both (consistent).  What I like about medit. food is that you can eat relatively healthy low-fat food and it tastes great 'cause all the spices used in preparation.  I've gotten the platter a few times and its great.
2	This was my first visit here, we had guests from out of town and this was a favorite for one of them so we figured we would try it. I was surprised by how expensive it was, I guess I was expecting something different. I ended up having the spicy chicken wrap ( I think that's what it was called) and when it came to the table it was huge!! So the portion sizes are definitely more than generous but I wasn't impressed with the taste. I thought it was pretty bland for supposedly being a spicy dish. Not something I would order again.
4	The food was delicious and I went at 11am to ensure I could find a parking spot and get quick service. There is a parking garage but there was only a few spots left when we got there.I had the 4 cheese and spinach quesadilla and it tasted nothing like you would think.More of a Mediterranean cheese crisp, 4 cheese with fresh spinach sandwich between lavosh bread. The tzatiki sauce was very fresh too and great with it.My boyfriend had the Philadelphia cheese pita and it was almost more than he could eat. But we did share a plate of grilled vegetables which was very tasty and spiced just right.Our first time there and definitely made a fan of me. And there is a coffee shop next door for a mocha to go, which I did.
3	Returned for my second time this past weekend with a friend.We split an appetizer and a main dish because the portion sizes are so large. I am pleased to say the food was much better than our last visit and I had them make it with no onions and they got that correct, no problem. When she brought it out I asked for more hot sauce cause the spicy here isn't as spicy as I like it but it was perfect with the extra sauce. Only complaint was that the server rarely came to our table, she was very friendly but neglected us a bit. There were a few times we had to wait for her to fill our drinks and we had to wait quite a while after asking for boxes to receive the check (which I assume asking for boxes means you're done with your meal)
2	This Pita Jungle was good. We went for the reverse happy hour. Well, what happened was we didn't know about the reverse happy hour until we got there. It starts at 9 and we got there at a little after 8. So we went for a walk around the neighborhood first to burn off some of those calories we were about to tack on and to kill some time. The walk was fun. The neighborhood is awesome. It doesn't feel like Phoenix at all. We even saw a big boat.After the walk, we perused back over to the joint. I don't know if they had drink specials, we didn't drink that night. I had an iced tea and homemade lemonade. I think it's homemade. It tasted like it. I was impressed. I LOVE my Arnold Palmers. I would consider going there just for a big drink to go. I had the felafel, my husband had the chicken shwarma. The pita bread was a little hard and the felafel was a little dry. I don't know if maybe it was because it was the end of the night? We also had the hummus trio and the garlic dip. Both were delicious. But again, the pita bread was kind of dry. We couldn't decide which hummus we liked best. I think my vote is for the original. My husband was all over the tomato.The service was pretty good, although she only came back to our table once. But again, that's probably because it was the end of the night, I think she was doing her side work. Luckily we didn't need anything. It was pretty busy for 9 oclock, I was surprised. We were no where near the last ones out of there. I don't know if we'll ever go back to Pita Jungle. I'd like another drink, but other than that, it didn't leave me craving more.
5	Loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, the service was great and the food delicious !
3	I've gone to different pjs throughout the state and always have a good experience.  I find that the food is consistent across the board which is great.  This was my third visit to this location and the only qualm I have is in regard to the staff.  I went by myself to do some happy hour yesterday before going to a dbacks game.  I sat at an empty bar and received service that was just okay nothing to write home about.  What I am writing home about is how four employees stood directly in front of the tv I was watching and continued to conversate about ex boyfriends and how one of the servers dated someone seventeen years older than them.  Maybe it was because I was alone at the bar and there were no other patrons talking to drown them out, but still.  How bout I don't want to hear your personal conversation while having my beer and tapas.  My beer was good and cold, my sauteed mushrooms and hummus trio were good, pita bread was dry almost as if it were a day or two old.  I'll definitely be back as I am a pita jungle fan and I love their food, but the service leaves something to be desired.
2	I had to write a review here, because I couldn't disagree more with what someone else said in their review, "You can expect Consistency and Good Service when you dine at Pita Jungle."I live within a 5-minute walk of this location, and I've been there countless times so far in 2013.  Consistent is the last adjective that comes to mind when I think of this particular Pita Jungle.  So, I'm not sure it's possible to write an effective review of this place.The service has ranged from annoyingly attentive to so neglectful you feel invisible when you're sitting at the bar 2 feet away from someone working there.  The kitchen can sometimes have your meal in 5 minutes, sometimes 50 minutes later you wonder if they even put in the order.  Sometimes it's extremely silent, sometimes the kitchen and staff are so loud you can get a headache even when there are only like 3 customers in the whole place.The food is totally inconsistent also, and the garlic new potatoes come to mind as a good example.  I've had the garlic new potatoes as the side to a meal at least half a dozen times.  They have been absolutely mouthwatering perfection with perfectly cooked caramelized seasoning at times.  So perfect I was tempted to order two sides of the potatoes for desert.  However, once they were scorched on the outside and still a bit raw inside.  And the majority of the time they are generally just barely "cooked" (meaning not raw), but browned even slightly and totally bland and tasteless.I could go on about a few other dishes, and about other service experiences.  But the point here is that this place is a gamble.  I only go now when I'm ready to risk it, or feeling lucky.  Occasionally it's amazing, sometimes it's completely disappointing and horrible, and a lot of the time it's just a mild let-down.  But consistent?   I don't know how many times the people who are writing those reviews have actually been to this location, but if they got consistency, they were really lucky.
4	Hipster central! Even my pita bread was wearing skinny jeans and black framed glasses! Pita Jungle is perfect for healthy eaters.  Carnivores and Vegetarians can both order with plenty of options.  Hidden treasure:  the lentil soup with fried pita, delish!!!
2	Terrible service. I placed an order for pick up, but once I made it to the restaurant to pick up my lunch, I ended up waiting another ten minutes. The worst part of it was that when I got home, I realized that they forgot to give me my pita bread. I haven't been back since.
3	It's Pita Jungle; the fast food version of Mediterranean cuisine with some happy hippie service added on... what're you expecting?The food is good for Americanized slightly bland version of Middle Eastern food. I can make better hummus at home for about $1, but when I'm lazy, this will do.  At least they use quality olives & pickles. I'm not saying I won't eat here again, because I will, but I'll definitely be in casual clothes and have my credit card ready so I don't have to wait an extra 15 minutes for the staff dressed as regular people to hopefully come back and finish my transaction.If you like mediocre gyros and hummus and don't want to wait forever, PIta Jungle isn't bad.  It's just not phenomenal either.
1	Does not compare to all the other Pita Jungles. This place consistently delivers on a low level. The "fresh" ingredients in their salads have been prepared days before it ever gets sold- the onions are translucent and soggy, the lettuce is brown and cracking- if not wet and rotting- The dressings are even older. Take a point, if you are going to make a dressing ahead of time, don't put the lemon juice in till the last minute. The dressing is borderline rancid. Gross. The service is terrible every time. The only nice person in the building is the girl with long blonde hair at the bar.
4	Ate there for the first time today.  Service was great, atmosphere was terrific, price was reasonable but.... the food in my humble Mediterranean opinion was just okay.  I haven't had everything mind you but the beef gyro is just beef.  It does say that but a mixture of lamb and beef would be better.  The humus and the garlic potatoes were yummy.  Though the Tabbouleh had very fresh ingredients, the mint, parsley, scallions and tomatoes were noticeable while I could not detect any cucumber and there was such a miniscule amount of bulghur wheat I was wondering if there was a shortage.  The lemon and olive were just right.  So since my only real complaint is a lack of bulghur wheat I gave them 4 stars.  I will go back and try other dishes.  I am looking forward to trying the Dolmades and the Spanakopita.
3	I ordered the Gyro and it was good. Pricing was great, service was nice, atmosphere was cool. I will be going back.
4	Always hear a loud ticking in the restaurant ...maybe because this place is DA BOMB (yikes)
4	Great food with large portions, upbeat and helpful service, nice location, easy parking (park in the parking garage in the alley in back) and reasonable prices.  Gluten free options abound, and all of them are tasty.  I've eaten here about five times and never been disappointed.  One occasion was a large group with shared tapas and the staff handled it very smoothly. My favorite dish is the hummus (regular plain Jane flavor) with chicken and cucumbers on the side to replace the pita.  Mmmm.  They also have a full bar and, at least the times I was there, a decent bartender.
4	Service was great! I love the garlic sauce...it/s the best!
4	I've been to Pita Jungle on numerous occasions and I have loved the food every single time. I have 2 fave dishes. The cilantro hummus with chicken and the chicken pasta salad. Both are amazing and the beef gyro is pretty good too! I am never disappointed with the food at this place. I always leave full and satisfied. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is cuz service is always a hit or miss.
4	I've enjoyed the tasty food and great service here a few times for dinner and once for happy hour. I try to avoid wheat because of a bit of gluten sensitivity; but even so,  I've found good options here, the most notable being their creamy and generous chicken curry salad.  I guess my only grouse is the location of the place, which makes parking quite tricky especially during peak hours.
4	Relatively healthy, tasty food at an affordable price. You can't go wrong with the happy hour tapas for 1.50.
4	I have been a huge fan of Pita Jungle for years! The food is nothing short of amazing and hits the spot every time. When I'm in the mood for something light their salads never disappoint. When I wanted to load up before my marathon it was the chicken combo platter for me! I stand my ground when I say that nothing on this menu isn't delicious. When I moved to downtown I was ecstatic that a Pita Jungle was right down the street. It is conveniently located, with a parking garage for its customers. The reason for only 4 stars is because I have sat on the patio several times (taking advantage of the beautiful fall weather) and every time the service has been less than desirable. Inside, there are no problems but for some reason it's always slow when seated outside. Which is unfortunate because it's such a nice patio! Even so, it doesn't stop me from visiting this location after work for some Tapas, or on the weekends for a lovely brunch!Excellent, Excellent, Excellent!
5	I live right across the street. Been coming here for 4-5 months now. This pita jungle is the best in the state in my opinion. Service is awesome, the location is awesome. The food is just as good if not better than any other location. Sky is a great waitress, so is Janice, and Phoebe, those are my go to servers/waitresses! Sometimes I'll get a togo, or i'll just have a beer and eat in. I've met some very cool people from the neighborhood just eating here and sparking up some conversations.
4	I can't believe I lived right near this Pita Jungle for so long and never went. This location is large, much larger than it looks from the outside. The decor is modern. The food is the same delicious pita jungle food that you can get at other locations including that ridiculously yummy jalapeno cilantro hummus. The one thing that was better at this location than others was the service. Usually, the workers of pita jungle are not the friendliest of people, but not so at this location! Definitely a plus. I will be back!
3	I've been getting their falafel forever, last night I had an allergic reaction to it.  I'm allergic to peanuts.  When I asked the server about it, he said there weren't any peanuts on the menu, but that he'd ask.  I suspected peanut oil, or some kind of cross contamination; I know what my body does when exposed to just ONE peanut.  As I started to panic and reach for the epipen, he came back and said the chef insisted there were no peanuts anywhere.  I know they use pine nuts in their hummus which could be cross contaminated.  In any event there didn't seem to be much concern as I was panicking, and the server actually asked me if I wanted a to-go box for my pita.  Um...sure...I'd like to have anaphylactic shock at home thanks!  Please pita jungle, I love you dearly, but peanut allergies are very real, and very scary to those experiencing them.  They did take the pita off the bill, and I did leave hungry, but I'll probably go back again since this has never happened before at any other pita jungle I've been to.  I would just ask that they train their employees to be aware that this is a very serious and to some, a life threatening allergy.
2	This was was my first time here. I was really excited to try this place out I have heard so many good things about it. Parking sucks... drove in circles then found a spot. The building itself lookes like it was closed but it was just the shades that made the windows look blackened.  I was seated immediately. The waitress was not much help when I asked a couple questions. So I just went and ordered what I was familiar with a gyro and side greek salad. I did order the cilantro hummus now that was very good. Tasty perfectly creamy and well seasoned. Glad that came out because I was starving. And it took forever to get my lunch. I kinda almost wanted to pay for my hummus and leave.  I couldn't though because as everyone else was getting served my taste buds and stomach told me not to. I kept seeing plate  after plate brought out to my neighbors. I wish my server offered me some of the other things that I was seeing. But oh well. When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there. It was actually good. Now I have had gyros at a few places and I just kept thinking is this pita from frozen?  I have seen pita bread that has been frozen and thawed before and it looked exactly like this.  When I have had pita at other places it looks like the Greek dude in the back hand made that sucker. Just wondering.  Oh and another thing is if you are serving hummus please provide enough thawed out pita. I do have to admit the hummus was delicious. My gyro was huge and filling and the price was not bad for it. But this is just another joint for people to say OMG Hey lets hang at the pita jungle and be cool. I think its a nice place to come for a business meeting or meeting of something. And lighting does suck in there.
4	I have been to this place several times and I'm always thoroughly pleased with my choices, some more than others. Top favorites would be the hummus (get the trio where they let you try all 3 for the same price or some combination thereof) and the chicken chipotle lavosh pizza (it's amazing). The lentil soup is pretty tasty as well. The other perk is that service is generally fast, the staff is friendly, and the portions are a good size. The food is as good there as it is to-go which I've done a few times.
5	We have been to Pita Jungle probably 10 - 15 times since we moved to Phoenix. We have even tried a couple of other locations and the Roosevelt spot is defiantly the best. First of all, we love the patio. It really is a great place to chill on a weekend afternoon. Our favorites include the hummus, the gyro (they put a pickle in it!), salads and the Sharwarma wrap. We visited on New Years Day for lunch and it was great as usually. We tried the Lentil Soup (for good luck), and it definitely impressed. If I was going to give Pita Jungle a knock, I would bring up the service. The servers all seem like college kids and don't seem very experienced. When they get busy, the service usually starts to fall apart. We have had a few mediocre experiences here, but for the most part it has been great.  I definitely recommend!
2	The downtown location food is hit or miss. I don't know if it depends on who is cooking or what is happening. When you go on a 'good" night the food is excelent otherwise it's just ok. This location does consistenly have poor service though especially on the patio.
5	I LOVE this place. The pita's are the best! I always get the Cilantro Hummus. Best hummus EVER! (point blank) I have also tried the garlic grilled mushrooms and they are also very delicious. I've never been disappointed.
5	Terrific, terrific, and did I mention Terrific! Delicious food, great atmosphere, great prices, and super service!! We can't wait to go back!
5	Yumtastic!  Good food and dietary-restriction friendly. If you have any loved ones who can't have gluten, dairy, wheat, malt, or coffee than this place has a dish or two for them.I'm not sure what it is, but this place is better than its Arcadia location.
5	Its not often I give such high marks to a chain.  Or more specifically a location within a chain.  Pita Jungles are everywhere in AZ and the growth of the franchise shows no signs of slowing down.  The experiences you have at Pita Jungle can vary by location and the staff they employ.  These different locations can often have their own atmosphere unique to the neighborhood they're situated in.  In fact if I were writing this review about Pita Jungle in, say, Arrowhead (which I've gone to multiple times) I probably wouldn't be giving such high marks.  But the Downtown Phoenix location is different.  I've read the reviews both good and bad about this location.  And as much as I've looked attentively for areas which I could criticize since going here, this location has never let me down and its time to give them credit for it.I've actually used this location far more for takeout than dining in.  They have great party platters that have wowed my friends and family for years.  Today though I dined in for the 3rd time at this location.  The location itself is fantastic.  In an old restored historic building thats been around almost a century.  Its nestled wonderfully on the corner of 3rd Ave and Roosevelt right along the arts district.  The interior is modern, but you get great views of the neighborhood from inside and there's a patio out back with plenty of extra seating.  Definitely feels like a neighborhood haunt.  The service I've received each time here has been exemplary and today was no different for lunch.My staples are the hot pitas.  My favorite being the shawarma.  The one I had today was just as good as its ever been.  Clean, flavorful, fresh ingredients, and at a reasonable price.  I didn't know this but they also apparently have a Sunday Brunch menu which my Dad jumped on.  He had the pancakes with blueberry sauce and was highly satisfied.  All totaled (including drinks) lunch only set us back $20 with tip.  I've had a number of other dishes here as well including the hummus, the tazziki, their caprese salad, and even their wraps.  Every dish has exuded quality and flavor.It's really no wonder Pita Jungle continues to grow.  They've got a menu that appeals to a wide variety of tastes and diets.  From my experience, I haven't had a bad item here ever.  I'm pretty certain any Pita Jungle will deliver on most of these qualities.  But in terms of aesthetics, vibe, and service, Downtown Phoenix may be Pita Jungle's preeminent location.
5	My favorite Pita Jungle yet!!!  Lunch on the patio on a Wednesday afternoon in January!  I am feeling very blessed.
4	First time eating food from Pita Jungle.  I've heard so much about this place, I couldn't wait.  I was at a client meeting in Downtown Phoenix and since the meeting went over the lunch hour, they asked if we wanted to grab something to eat and someone mentioned Pita Jungle....awesome.I ordered the Falafel Pita.  It was pretty good.  The Falafel was cooked just right with a hard outer shell and moist and tasty center.  The Pita and Veggies were good too.Overall, it was a very satisfying meal and we were able to power through our meeting.  I want to come back and try different menu items.Return Factor - 80%
5	I loved my gyro and all of the dishes that my lunchmates ordered looked and smelled amazing :D If I get the chance to go back, I'd get a Christmas hummus plate with chicken.
2	Great location, rude staff, and the item I ordered was not only terrible, but cold (Lavosh Pizza). In top of that, after five minutes into the food, they gave us the check, like rushing us out. I've been to other locations and the items I've  ordered were better, but the staff is usually rude and careless.
3	I was warned that their happy hour app. would be small. I just had no idea how small. Thinking that I had already eaten a taco for dinner, and might be getting some more tacos later (what can I say, I like tacos...), I thought the sauteed mushrooms would be enough to hold me over. Sadly, no, no, it did not. There might have been 5 actual mushrooms in the dish. It was served on what I can only perceive as a sauce plate. I probably consume more wasabi on an average sushi meal than the size of that plate. It made for a very sad customer (well, I was warned), but at least the story ended up happily with me getting more tacos somewhere else.
2	I had heard so many good things about this place. But I'll admit, I wasn't very impressed.    I ordered the gyro and the meat looked like lunch meat slices. It was pretty good though. But I did add a lot of tzatziki sauce. My side was rice. Just rice. No seasoning or anything. Just a lukewarm clump of unseasoned rice.    My mother in law ordered the sampler appetizer dish. The hummus was nice, the baba ganoush was pretty tasty, the dolmas were good, but the tabbouleh  was mostly coarsely chopped parsley.   I ordered the baklava for dessert. I have a serious baklava addiction. This baklava.... it was weird. The pastry itself had very little honey in the nut mixture. So it was super dry. Instead of a drizzle of honey over the top, it appeared they poured a bunch of corn syrup instead.     Our service was decent. The restaurant was clean, but it just felt as though it was trying too hard to be trendy.   Will I go back? I don't know. I can get better Greek food at some of the hole in the wall places I've tried.
5	Pita Jungle is my absolute favorite Greek restaurant! Every thing that I have tried has been amazing and I usually get the same thing each time I go because its just THAT good. First off, they have the best hummus ever. I love all three flavors of their hummus but my favorite would have to be the cilantro jalapeno hummus. The number one entree that I get pretty much every time I go to Pita Jungle is the Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza. All of the flavors blend so incredibly well together and it is one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life. To end the meal they have some pretty amazing baklava that I always make sure to get. Pita Jungle is a 5 star all the way!
4	I go here fairly often and can say the food and service are consistently good. The wait staff is friendly and the bartenders are great too. I really enjoy the Yellowfin tuna salad, and of course the the Gyros. The Fruit & Cheese Fantasia or Garlic Dip are great appetizers. They have a large outdoor patio and a full bar as well. Not too far of a walk from the Central/Roosevelt light rail stop.
2	Cool Urban Vibe But otherwise...reallly!No reservations for a party of six - Stupid policy. Overall attitude seems to be we can be rude cuz we're cool. But with vegans in our group and a previous decent experience we went anyway and told 35 to 45 min wait. Seated in about 10 mins because group left seemingly abruptly. Wait staff under trained and overwhelmed. He kept apologizing but completely forgetting the sangria order and then after reminded another 20 mins and delivered with a layer of melted cubes and beetle floating on top..really? Immediately returned with a "No thanks not trying for another drink" but t still appeared on bill. Some of the food good. Tabbouleh salad was a joke. Ordered it a few months ago and it was good. This time just lettuce and chopped parsley. When we pointed out lack of bulgar wheat insulted with Oh just look there it is ....really... NONE. So manager brought a pile of chopped parsley. A see another diner recently had same complaint. Obviously new recipe being used where bulgar wheat must be the invisible variety. Really wanted to like this place. Loved the variety of clientele and urban vibe but food and service....Really NO.
5	Great place for lunch and healthy options.  I had the lentil salad and it was delish!We ordered the cilantro hummus and even ordered one to go :)Had a lunch date here and so glad we came.  Waiter was friendly- although it took some time to take our order....the dining experience was great.  Food came out quickly and at a great price.Healthy food and affordable prices.  This place is filled with a variety to choose from on the menu...It was cleaner than the Pita Jungle in Peoria.
5	This place has the best food I've ever tasted !!  Just awesome the service was great the staff is very friendly and the bartender is so nice and beautiful I love eating here!
2	I love all the other Pita Jungles - sadly this location has been constantly poor! The food here is 'hit or miss' and the service is terrible! Eg.My waitress actually rolled her eyes at me today and was pretty rude in general - yet still managed to get my order wrong!!!!I do not recommend this location!
4	A Phoenix Valley staple.  Decent Mediterranean fare.  Nothing gourmet but solid. Healthier option
4	Great vegetarian options. Plenty of big booths and wood tables. Ok for kids- they have wood high chairs and a changing table in the bathroom & a patio. I ordered the lentil soup & hummus with tabbouleh. Mom ordered the gazpacho. Baby gnawed on pita bread. Everyone was happy.
2	Food's great here. Service not so much. Last time I went there for lunch with my 6 of my coworkers we waited for one hour, (even after we called and told them a big group was coming for a birthday). We didn't get our drinks refilled and barely got our food 5 min before we had to leave to go back to work and one of our orders got lost/was forgotten (most of us only get a 60 min break for lunch so no time to get lunch sonewhere else). The manager was nice enough to not charge us for our food. I didn't wanna go back during lunch because of what happened to us last time but five of us went back today (again, food here's delicious! ) and we had the same issue again. We waited for 50 min, other tables were served before we got our food (and some of them arrived after we did) and 5 min before leaving, our food arrived. We even sat outside just so we didn't have to wait extra time for a table inside the restaurant. I understand lunch time's a busy time in the kitchen ans the restaurant was packed but this is a recurrent issue every time we've been there. It's unfortunate because their food is very good. My gyro was yummy and very tender. The garlic potatoes weren't all that great today. All in all, I don't think I'm coming back. I understand this isn't a fast food chain and it takes time to prepare your order but more servers/cooks during lunch time may be a good investment for this restaurant. I work Downtown and I can get yummy food close by without having to drive/wait for over 45 min to end up either eating super fast before I have to go and not enjoying my food (which is the main reason to get out of the office) or taking my food to go and eating it on my desk, which is what I want to avoid when I go out to eat.
4	Love this place. Staff is always friendly and service is fast.  Outside patio isn't much to look at but it's in the shade which is always nice in the heat
2	Pita was thin and hard. Service was slow and sat with an empty drink while eating and didn't get a refill until after I was already done. Came to downtown location after an excellent meal at the Tempe location. Not impressed and I don't think ill return to this location again.
4	Love this location! Try the pesto pizza! So yummy. I don't know what the use to season their chicken but it's like crack. I love Pita Jungle!
3	Good food. Mediocre service, but decent priced happy hour food and drinks! Love the Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus more than anything!!!! Totally crave-able.
4	They had a lot of options to choose from. I got the chicken shawarma pita which was really good and healthy. The location is ok, in a good neighborhood. The sangria was disappointing, I wouldn't recommend it.
2	We were seated immediately and the waiter took our order but people coming in after us were served their food before us. We ordered the pesto pizza and a turkey pita sandwich. I ordered my sandwich with no onion and added avocado. My sandwich came - with onion and no avocado. In addition, the turkey was processed meat. I haven't eaten processed meat in over three years. And, both the sandwich and the pizza were dry. Needless to say, I was sorely disappointed. The food is overpriced for what you're given. I'll come back if someone else is buying.
5	Service was excellent! We came just before the lunch rush. Ordered the spicy chicken wrap. Apparently it's one of their popular plates. The proportions were more than enough! The meal was so full of flavor an perfect blend of veggies & meat. Perfect timing on wait service & great friendly service.
4	Went here for lunch with my husband.  I had a gyro and he had the lentil soup.  Both dishes were good!  Pretty big restaurant for downtown Phoenix.
5	Walked in to place a carry out order I was greeted  immediately. the waitress was so hopeful in assisting me with the more healthier choices of their menu. Answering all if the questions that I had, and like always you never go wrong with going to pita jungle so much to choose from and their service is wonderful!
5	A little wait but awesome service. Great food & good price. Server was quick and efficient. She even gave us to-go cups of our unfinished drinks. She checked on us at the right times. Food was appealing to look at & full of flavor. Coworker had a small salad with chicken added. The chicken was a larger portion. My hummus & sirloin steak was so delicious.
5	Pita Jungle never disappoints!  Fresh, delectable cuisine!  Bonus this afternoon was our delightful server, Nate!
4	First time to Pita Jungle and was pleasantly surprised with their selection of food. I had the Pesto Lavosh turkey wrap; had turkey pesto sauce and sun dried tomatoes. Servings are huge. It was enough for two meals. Worth the money and worth your time.
3	I love the pita sandwiches here, especially the Philly Steak Pita, but for the price they charge, they should at least come with a side.  The sandwich looks lonely on the plate with not even a garnish to accompany it.  The filling is tasty and juicy, however if you don't remove it from the foil (which is meant to keep it warm), the steam will make the pita too soft and it will fall apart on you.My favorite side is the garlic potatoes, unfortunately I have never gotten them HOT, always half luke-warm, half cold, and let's face it, they don't seem like they were cooked in the last hour.  The last one I had, had plenty of garlic, however half of it was raw, which made the whole dish bitter.It is nice that they have varieties of Ice Tea, however they don't have regular ice tea as an option.Located in a rehabilitated building, the location is convenient to downtown, but has limited parking, and is always busy.  If you manage to get in without waiting, consider yourself lucky.
4	Love the food and variety here! The atmosphere is artsy and the people colorful. The parking is tight - get here before the lunch rush starts around 11:30am. I will be back!
3	Pita Jungle has sort of been my go-to spot for decently-priced "light" food. I mainly enjoy the environment. It's never rowdy or chaotic even when packed. I love sitting outside when he weather permits. I'm a fan of their chai and Philly Steak Pita. Pita Jungle is just okay.
3	I really wanted to give PJ a better rating, simply for the fact that they offer so many vegetable dishes.  It's a great space with outdoor seating on the corner of 3rd and Roosevelt and although I like the area, I can't take anymore of the low quality servings.  From what other reviewers have stated, maybe this location is bad.  I will try one of the others sometime in the future.  But for now I graded only three stars because:1.  they put yogurt in the baba ghanouj.  Why?  Eggplant is one of my favorite foods and when made into baba ghanouj I'm expecting to have a vegan dish.  I don't want it thinned out with yogurt.  Yeah I know I'm a cry baby.  Waaahh waaaah waaah!2.  the cooks use way too much cooking oil on the grilled veggies.  For every one of my veggie orders, I can only manage to eat the morsels sitting on top because the bottom ones are saturated with cooking oil.  I nearly threw up today when I bit into a slice of eggplant on the grilled vegetable salad.  It was a thick slice and cooking oil oozed out of it giving me a mouthful of sliminess. I used about five napkins trying to spit it all out.  The bed of greens on the salad had become translucent due to all the cooking oil settling to the bottom and I didn't even touch them.  Basically, half of my salad went to waste. 3.  they rarely get my order correct the first time.4.  there are too many wait staffers standing around.So there, I've said it.  I've bad mouthed the PJ.
3	Great food... Super crappy service ! I ordered in person for carry out and let the cashier know I would wait out on the patio. I ordered lentil soup and hummus so that can't take long at 11 am before the lunch rush. Twenty minutes later I was wondering would could be taking so long. I went inside and found my food had been sitting on the counter for who knows how long. My soup was already cold!
3	I've only had Pita Jungle one other time at a different location and although the chicken pita was good it wasn't mouth watering good.  Any food I get outside of my kitchen is expected to make my mouth water.  The chicken pita did not. The spinach pesto salad on the other hand was pretty close.  My mother didn't water but at first bite I thought, man this taste almost as good as my very own.  If I'm in the mood for a salad and in the area, I'll stop by.  It's not a place I would go out of my way to visit.
5	Always satisfying! Never been disappointed by this place! Red pepper hummus is my fav & I used to be addicted to the philly chicken love it! Always fresh!! Lemonade is perfection!
5	Chicken Philly pita with tsaziki on the side in less than 30 minutes. Fuck yeah. So much chicken so little pita.
5	Hummas & Sirloin still delish. More than enough! Ask for extra feta & a to-go cup if you're like me & can't finish a drink!
2	We love the food at pita jungle. We have been going for years. Most recently the past 8 months or so to the downtown area. The service has become so terrible I have vowed to never go to this location again. 1. Called in a to go order to pick up on the way home from work. I arrive and was told it was not ready, in fact it wasn't even put in yet (15 min from work to pita) she apologized and offered me a soda. Cool I'll take it. Mistakes happen. 20 min layer my order was done but they forgot one of the meals. They hadn't even made it. I cut my losses paid and left. I shared the one meal with my husband. Lame2. Seated outside, waitress was so uninterested in our table I felt like she was 1. About to go home or 2. About to quit Took our order in a timely manner but was never seen again. No drink refills and never checked in on us 3. Was seated inside but waited about 15 min to only finally being approached after flagging someone down. There was a game letting out downtown so it was busy. They were obviously understaffed. The waiter was apologetic but still was having a hard time keeping up with the customers. Food was good as usual but the staff was more concerned with the large groups than my husband and I4. Tonight.....we sat outside and waited.....Was approached by a friendly waitress who took our order. The food was brought out by someone else. We had no silverware and had to ask....and never saw another employee again. Frustrated my husband went inside to pay our waitress (also the bartender) who we saw through the outdoor window talking to customers/employees and texting. No drink refills or check ins.  Our bill was $66 that is too much to pay for a terrible experience. Sorry pita, you taste yummy but your service has been consistently terrible. I will drive to another location that is out of my way before going back to this location.
1	Sam, You were rude on the phone when I called to place my to go order. I knew immediately when I spoke to you at the counter that you had been the one with whom I placed my order. You basically dropped my order on the counter in front of me. I could tell you weren't going to exert the energy to say one more thing to me - the customer. I said thank you, to which you mustered up a thanks. You obviously think you're very cool and important - with your black hair, plastered on makeup, and diamond finger tattoo (how original on that one). You're not important, Sam. And if Pita Jungle has any idea what they're doing, they'll fire you. You're terrible at providing customer service, which is probably one of the easiest professions out there. I've done it. Never did I act as if I was better than the customers I was serving. You should try and get over yourself, for your own sake. Unhappy Customer
5	I have been four times and I will not stop.  I have been to three locations and they all rocked.  I'm gonna paste this same review to all three.These are clean restaurants with fun menus.  You can eat healthy.  They serve vegetables and fruit.  They plate well.  The food is attractive.I have tried 8 menu items and they were all fantastic.  Good signs.
2	The menu is so enticing, but the food is disappointing, especially at this location.
4	I went to Pita Jungle for a few reasons. First, I like Mediterranean food,  a lot! Second, they have a happy hour that includes $2 margaritas and tapas. We got pitas, olives, shrimp, and some sauces. We also got margaritas,  of course.Everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced. Nothing outstanding about them though. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but it was good enough.
2	Roasted veggie salad is like swimming in oil. I thought other reviewers were exaggerating but they were so right...I wrung the eggplant slice out and there was a massive pool of oil covering my salad :(
5	Happy hour at night starts at 9PM. A Thone of selections in small portions for $1-$3.
5	Get the red pepper hummus with chicken and you will not be disappointed. Service was great and Abby was so friendly!
4	Great experience at this establishment is located on the Upper East Side. The smoothies are delicious, the first based seitan and tempeh as well but the best, in my opinion, can be reached in desserts, AMAZING, the carrotcake seemed made with cream cheese classic and sweet pumpkin was super good  try it !!! Bring a friend and carnivore will fall in love 'with this place became vegan.
1	Rudest experience ever! Last time I was here, I had left my dog home and came here only to find others with dogs seated in their outside dining. So, this time I brought my dog. The waiter jumped up on his toes, terrified of my vicious goldendoodle and went in to complain to the manager. He came back out and told me I needed to leave because dogs are not allowed on their patio. I told him that the last time I was here there were dogs sitting here. He was so rude, saying "well you have to leave now -bye, bye". On my way off the patio, I mentioned that this is now the only business in our area of town where dogs aren't allowed on the outside patio and that the apartment community they're adjacent to is a pet friendly community. I'm a vegan so I support vegan friendly businesses. I also have asked the drug reps at my job to cater from Pita Jungle at least ten times this year. I was planning on catering a party in February from here. No longer. No more business from me or my company or our drug reps again, at least at my request.
5	Despite really knowing their stuff when it comes to Mediterranean food (killer falafel and baba ganoush), I now also think of them for great thin crust pizza.  The atmosphere is super cool too - try sitting outside at night.
5	Appreciate all of the options as a vegetarian, but also happy that my carnivore friends can find something to enjoy.  never disappointed when I visit.
1	A while ago I had a bad experience w/ Pita Jungle at Arrowhead and after that experience I decided to lay off of Pita Jungle for a while until I discovered the downtown location. I figured, a new location for me will do. Today was my third time visiting with my girlfriends and I ordered my usual, a falafel wrap. Three bites into it, it was good, as usual. Before I can continue eating, I removed the foil wrap and there was piece of chicken on the side of my pita bread. I totally lost my appetite since I haven't had meat in 10+ years. I made the waitress aware and she offered to bring out another one. I had already lost my appetite so I did not want it. She brought out the bill to me and said that the manager wouldn't charge me for my meal, well, I hope not since I didn't get to eat it. I was paying for my friends because we were celebrating a birthday so when I paid I informed the waitress that there should be a bigger discount because it's not just about me loosing my appetite it's about the fact that I sat there while my friends ate and at one point they didn't feel comfortable either and felt bad. She informed me she would ask her manager. She came back, dropped off my copy of the receipt, and walked away. Not saying anything at all. I opened the bill and the manager didn't take any additional discount or anything. What a shame. This is the second bad experience and after this I DEFINITELY won't be giving Pita Jungle a THIRD try!
5	Hands down the best PJ location of all, yes even the Shea and the Indian School locations. My fav item in the menu is the Falafel with a side of garlic mash dip. Happy hour is awesome because you can sample a ton of tapas including garlic shrimp, pitas and dips etc.
