5	We stopped by Singh Farms this morning for what I believe was their first public Farmer's Market (just their own product). They are open on Saturdays from 8 - 12 and are just east of the 101 (east) off Thomas Road. If you head east on Thomas, it will be the first driveway on your left. When you drive in, there are 2 ways to go. You can head left and park in the open space which is very near the log cabin that serves as the location for their little market. You can also head right and drive to the back of the property where they sell their compost. They've been there for 7 years and have been supplying restaurants around the valley (Royal Palms mentioned) in addition to selling compost. I understand they've been selling compost on Saturdays for quite some time.It is absolutely amazing to me that I was born and raised here, have lived here for the past 6+ years full time and I had no idea anything was in this location. If you pay attention now when you're on the 101 passing Thomas, you'll see there is this little grove of trees just east of the freeway.The produce looks great and I've heard others really love it (haven't tried yet) but what really stood out to me was what a great spot they have developed there. As far as what they had for sale today, they had a small selection of great looking produce, herbs, honey, seeds, salts and other items.Driving in, the property is covered with large trees. The atmosphere just seemed to be a bit different. Didn't feel like Arizona (the Phoenix metro area anyway). There was a ton of shade and the temperature seemed to drop a bit. In addition to having the farmer's market, they also invite you to tour the grounds. You could really tell a difference in the earth there - felt nice to walk on. Their compost is definitely getting put to good use. Walking around, you see the different types of produce planted in gardens sprinkled throughout the property. They also have a lot of neat structures that give the place a ton of character. Their main building in front is an open log cabin. The setup of their little market is very cool.  In addition, roaming the grounds, I saw a cool fireplace built upon a giant block of tree trunk, a little old style outhouse-like storage shack, very cool timber tables and a hangout spot that resembles a cantina/bar.  They also have animals in different locations on the property such as chickens, peacocks, goats, dogs, wild mustangs, etc.Mr. & Mrs. Singh & the rest of the folks there were super nice and helpful. The Mrs. also got a number of gardening tips from one of the folks there.All in all, it's just got a great laid back vibe. It was a super fun place for us & the kids to visit. Almost felt like getting we'd gotten out of town though we'd maybe driven a mile or two.Will be very interesting to see what develops there as more folks are exposed to them!
4	Holy crap, free paella.Not so much a farmers market as farm that sells stuff on the front lawn, Singh Farms is awesome.  Recommended to me at another farmers market, my fiance and I journeyed to Scottsdale on a rainy day to purchase some compost and maybe some vegetables.We got the compost (good stuff, only 12 bucks for a bag you could hide a body in)  and suddenly realized..Holy crap, free paella.  Evidently various groups come out to guest cook for lunch and we were treated to some spicy and delicious food cooked in a giant wood fired oven.   Highly recommend this place, the guy is personable and informative.  The only reason I took off a star is because they don't allow dogs.  Evidently the owner got yelled about by county health for dogs mixing with food bu still kinda lame.
5	This farm is amazing! I was a fan of the Farmer's Market in Downtown Phoenix, and a big fan of the Farm at South Mountain (still am) but when it comes down to it, nothing can beat Singh farms. Now, I know what your thinking... Better than downtown Phoenix, and South Mountain? I have to tell you, it is way better! Ken Singh is the owner, and he is an amazing guy. I went today to look at his compost (he sells it by the bag full/truck full) and maybe p/u a few fresh produce. Ken Singh walks around the property and greets all of his customers. At times, I saw people standing in line waiting to talk to him. He makes everyone feel welcomed as if they were personally invited. When I pulled into the drive (On Thomas- just east of the 101) it was a whole new atmosphere. The soil is so rich, I could feel my tires digging into the ground. You can purchase seeds, starter plants, fresh produce, breads, cookies and pastries, homemade butter, homemade hummus, spices, tie-dye aprons, and more. As the produce runs out, more is picked from the fields and brought into the store. There was even a restaurant (I believe the name of the restaurant is Aurore) who came out to the farm and prepared amazing brisket sandwiches right on the property. She even cooked the meat in Ken Singh's mud oven. The food was so delicious, (everyone there agreed) and did I mention FREE, that my company went back for seconds. We toured the property and saw chickens, peacocks, a real tee-pee, and rows upon rows of delicious fruit and vegetables. You are welcome to roam the property and we spend 1 1/2 hours just looking at everything. When all was said and done, and as I was dragging my heals to leave this amazing place, I purchased Swiss Chard, a huge head of romaine lettuce, a bunch of carrots, Green onions, and 2 huge burlap sacks full (at least 60-70 lbs a piece) of the best composted soil amendment I have ever seen, I only spent just over $30. My companion purchased a cookie as big as your head, bread, and butter for less than $15. When I pulled out of the drive with all of my goodies in tow, there was Ken Singh once more to see us off. He shook my hand, talked to us for a minute more, then waived and smiled as we drove off. I truly felt like one of his guests and will continue to attend this lovely gathering every Saturday morning from 9 am-1 pm for years to come. Now, I have to tell you, that I was hesitant to even post this review. Ken Singh's farm is ran strictly by word of mouth. He even sells shirts that have his logo, but nowhere will you find the name of his farm on them. And, I know, the more people who hear about this amazing farm, the less my chance of getting top quality veggies. But this farm is too good to not share with my fellow yelpers. A true diamond in the rough. Buy the way they accept cash and check only. I found some items to be a little pricey but totally worth the extra dollar. The cost is definitely comparable, if not cheaper, than S. Mountain or Downtown Phoenix's Farmers Markets, and there is no sales tax because it is on the Indian reservation.
4	This place is relaxing from the moment  you drive into the parking area.  Instead of going directly into the little building where the goods are offered for sale, I walked around the property first. There are plenty of trees and shady areas.  You see little areas where different things are grown.  Towards the back are some chickens.  It's a very peaceful environment and reminds me that produce comes from the ground and farms not Safeway.I entered the building and saw plenty of nice looking baked goods for sale.  It also looked like there were some dips of some kind being sampled with pieces of bread.I was amazed by the nice rows of fresh produce.  Not that there was a lot, but the varieties were very interesting.  Not your typical mass produced varieties that you see at the store every day.For example, there were four or five different varieties of beets.  Each variety was a different color and shape.  I chose a yellowish/orange bunch which cost $4.When I got home and cooked the beets they were as good as they looked.  They had a nice subtle taste and a little sweetness.I'm looking forward to coming back and seeing what is offered as the growing seasons change.P.S.  You should check out their calendar, "In the Raw", which features local chefs wearing nothing but strategically placed props!
5	Went down there for compost and came home with compost AND delicious delicious bread!  I can't wait to go back again.
5	This place is awesome.  We live a half mile away and never knew it was there it is so tucked away.  Beautiful farm with tons of shade trees.  They have fresh produce for cheap, fresh breads, jams, honey etc.  Homemade butter is soooo good.  We bought some produce then walked around the garden.  Highly recommended.
5	I loved this place and its kind of off the grid as it is east of the 101 on Thomas Road.  I came there with an inlaw to purchase cheap mulch (actually $12/bag for 120 lbs seems reasonable so not sure if it is cheap or not, but it is good).  I used the mulch in my current garden and the plants love it.
5	Hands down the best farmers market in the valley. The workers are incredibly knowledgeable and will help you transform your garden on to a mater piece! Be sure to get the fish oil fertilizer...I'm hooked!
5	$12 for huge sacks of mulch, or $50 to fill the bed of our truck.
4	Fives stars for execution of a Products sales and an expired un like any other place in Scottsdale, well 100 ft East of Scottsdale just past the 101 and Thomas Rd.  From the corner just look for the trees on the NE corner.  Not only do they grow the food but they make hummus and other sorts of products to buy on Saturday.  Bring your kids there are animals to check out like a Peacock and horses on the property.
5	An amazing place, tucked away on the edge of Scottsdale it still feels like it is out in the country. The owners are super friendly, the produce is amazing and fresh-picked. They also have fresh lemonade and roasted corn, along with cucumber-infused water. Artisan breads, hummus made with tepary beans (which I believe they grow right there), gourmet cheeses and butters, and herbs round out the offering. A peaceful stroll through the eclectic garden is a must. This is one of those places you selfishly want to keep a secret, but you can't!
5	one of the best kept secrets in scottsdale :)this place is so relaxing and beautiful to come to for yummy organic food.
5	Singh Farms is absolutely MAGICAL!!! Ken Singh is a brilliant man with years of wisdom to share with the farms visitors. Their produce and other goods are of excellent quality and the prepared treats offered Saturday mornings are phenomenal! I will be back this coming weekend. My first visit was refreshing and an inspiration. Everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful, Jason even drew me a map to find the restroom. They truly go above and beyond. The ambiance is very welcoming.
5	Singh Farms Saturday Mornings is a great spot to get a bite and grab some top notch home grown produce the only day of the week they sell to the public. I suggest getn there early. This is a sweet local hidden gem you may never have known was there hidden under the Palo Verde you barely noticed driving by it on the 101. As you walk around it just keeps going. I'm pretty sure I saw a Turkey there last time...? If you grow food in your garden, you want their top soil. Sing Farms Saturday, hit it!
5	love this place!  little did I know I have driven past this little gem on the 101 many times!     on Saturdays they open the farm up to the public.  You can buy fresh produce and when I say fresh, I mean fresh!   I literally saw a woman picking items and then washing them and putting them out on the table for sale.   all of the people working there were very friendly - we tasted and then bought a wonderful crusty, rustic loaf of fruited bread: big chuncks of cherries, nuts, and chocolate...so delish!   We also bought a big pretzel (can you tell we love baked goods).    a wonderful place in town to take the kiddos to walk around, get a tasty bite, and buy some FRESH produce to take home!
5	My doctor tells me I'm not getting enough fiber in my diet, explaining how fiber is nature's broom. How I should eat more vegetables for a healthier lifestyle.I say he's full of shit, rationalizing how Coor's light, made of pure Rocky Mountain spring water and a host of other boiled veggies, along with Doritos, also made of veggies,  have made me practically a vegan of sorts.Ok, so maybe he is right.Maybe I should eat more veggies.But the veggies you get at the grocery store are laden with Agent Orange...a toxic chemical designed to exfoliate rain forests. Now what?Singh Farms.A twenty acre organic farm on the corner of Thomas and the 101, where despite its sneaky disguise, is sitting there growing all kinds of healthy stuff guaranteed to sweep your digestive tract faster than a Canadian curling team.Yes, this place is the bomb. Literally.No more Metamucil, Turbo-lax, or Colon-blo.Ken Singh's veggies will clean you out like a guest contestant on Poker All Stars.There's one more reason to come visit here.It's a Saturday morning respite from your week's grind, with its long, winding paths and the many shaded table areas to sit and ponder life...as you kill time, hoping the bimbo-du-jour back at your apartment has packed up her stilettos and bounced.
4	I wandered into the farmers market with a couple of friends and we had a great experience.  We picked up red chard, mixed greens, apple butter, candied ginger, and a few other things.  on the way out the even hooked us up with a bag of fresh rosemary on the house!If you are in the area on saturdays, check it out!
5	I've never been 'green'. I never wanted to go 'green'.And here I sit. Green.What's next?A pair of Birkenstock's and a lifetime pass to Lillith Fair?I don't rule anything out at this point.Singh Farms has changed me. One star for Ken SIngh.... explaining yesterday how my destiny, and probably everyone else's in America eating store-bought veggies will likely involve any number of health maladies from ingesting chemicals. Four stars for his taking the time to explain organics. Showing me soil samples, comparing his organic soil with soils lacking the carbon / nitrification process due to the overuse of pesticides.And one more for the jar of honey i got there.Oh, and a few more stars for watching his turkey's synchronized gobbling... I've never witnessed three tom turkey's gobble on queue at exactly the same moment. It was mesmerizing.Go visit Ken.He's the Stephen Hawking of organics, sans the wheelchair,  cancer-kazoo, bad attitude, negative views on life and a creator, and his over-the-top-misogynistic views on women.Ken is a delight. His Farm is even more so.Someday, I expect our kids will be singing about HIM instead of Old McDonald.
5	What a wonderful place! Every product was for trial- fresh vegies- lots of kinds of humus- cheesecakeThey serverd infused water. Sold all veggies, turkey eggs, humus and all. Also served hot breakfast and lunch (using homemade pasta & bread).We walked around the farm. Mr. Singh was one heck of a pleasant personality I've seen since a long time. He spoke to us, explained lot of things about farming.My son had a blast walking in the farm.I will highly recommend this to everyone who loves nature and natural products!
5	I had no idea this place was tucked right off the 101.... I will be a regular on Saturday mornings from now on. FANTASTIC!
5	Been here many time to buy soil, fruit trees, and veggies. Quality is great, staff is patient and friendly, and atmosphere is relaxing. Last time I picked up some cool plants ( mango, curry, neem, plumeria, starfruit ). Soil they produce is top notch.
5	Sometimes all the stars in the universe line up in just such a way that you'll find yourself waking up one Saturday morning without a hangover. Whenever this happens, it's important to get the fuck out of the house before your wife takes advantage of your ability to not fall off a ladder, chop your foot off with the lawn mower, or blind yourself with some household cleaning product. You need an escape. But not just any escape. You need to find refuge for a sufficient period of time to make sure she gets the house cleaned and laundry done before your return. Singh Farms IS that escape.Start with Ken Singh's juice bar. For five bucks you can get some kind of organic smoothie that'll supposedly offset a weeks worth of drinking. I had an orange something-or-other with habanero thrown in. Dee-lish.Next, wander the garden. It's like something from a Lewis Carroll novel sans the Mad Hatter or Red Queen running around trying to kill you. Throughout the garden, (really a farm that looks like a magical garden)  there are places to sit and people watch. This is fun. Mainly because most of the mopes who come here on Saturday are all;   "How are we on kale Moondance, we're getting a little low, aren't we?"Yep, you guessed it. Gen X hippie fucks from Portland who are now rummaging through the veggie bins like there'll be no sunrise tomorrow.Ignore them. They're a sack of wet butt-holes.Sit and wait till sometime around eleven am, this is when the weekly celebrity chef begins cooking the lunch menu...typically some fresh picked stuff from the garden he or she turns into a culinary masterpiece. This is all done in an open area outdoors using a clay brick oven and a hot plate. The house should be cleaned by now and she'll be soon heading off to get her nails done. Time for you to head back home.Only don't go empty handed.Grab a bunch of leafy shit from the Singh Store, this along with some organic honey and a host of other weird looking veggies, most of which are unrecognizable. When you get home, spread out your bounty on the counter. This is a huge move.When she gets home and starts yapping about your magical disappearance this morning, point to the veggies. As if to say;    "Hey...what the fuck??? I went shopping for organic veggies for us. What       do you want from me anyway?"Also, inform her of how you picked up a bag of compost so she can plant some flowers.Now go back to the couch for the Kansas State, Baylor game. Try not to point out how she missed a spot vacuuming. That'll get you a nice whack on the head with that bag of orange looking stuff you now wish you hadn't bought.
5	I loved this place, it was so nice to walk around and feel away from the desert.  I bought some apples and some pretzel breads.  The apples were GREAT, took me back to when I could eat apples right off the tree, best thing in life! The pretzel breads were sooooo good, we packed them with some trader joe's cheeses and the apples and some chocolate for a picnic on our hike of mcdowell mountain, it was great!
5	A true oasis. Feels like you've found a little piece of paradise.The Owner and his wife are really cool people. Buy fresh veggies, herbs, flowers, starter seedlings etc. You can buy their composted soil by the truck load. My garden went crazy. WALK AROUND. Soak up the energy and get tons of great gardening inspiration.
5	5 stars just for making me feel like I was nowhere near Scottsdale...or any town, for that matter! It felt like I had left the city completely, when really I wasn't even 5 minutes from my apartment in Old Town. I was at a loss as to how to find this place, when all I knew was that it was at Thomas and the 101. But where? Head East on Thomas, go OVER the 101, and it will be on the North side of the street (lefthand side). I made the mistake of driving just past it and ended up parking near the compost area, but there are signs indicating where to to turn-it's basically right after the freeway. You can park at the second turn like I did, and I can definitely recommend doing that as I got to enjoy a wonderful walk through the farm grounds...it is simply GORGEOUS!I immediately heard rooster crows, and saw the rooster cage on my left as I started walking through this oasis in the middle of the desert. There are rows of various veggies growing in the ground, and the whole place is just wayyy more expansive than I could have ever imagined. I just want to come here and sit. It's that beautiful, and that different than any other space I've seen anywhere near here!As for the Farmer's Markets, they take place on Saturday mornings from 9am-2pm. They post the info for the upcoming week's market on their Facebook and list some of the items they will be selling at the market that week. The actual market is in and around a small house-looking structure, and has the type of stuff you'd see at most farmer's markets-greens (spinach, kale, arugula, beets), fruits (mostly oranges this time of year), veggies (mostly of the root variety this time of year), spices, raw local honey, and bread. They were sadly out of almost all bread by the time I arrived (around noon), and they said that this week was way busier than anticipated and that they're going to order more for next week. They also have a truck with fresh-squeezed juices, and a stand with cooked items like soup and bruschetta. I didn't get to try any of these, but they looked yummy!There are also a few fire pits throughout the grounds, which make for a lovely place to sit and enjoy some of your freshly-purchased goods. Also, something really awesome about them is they take credit cards!!!! And everyone I encountered that works there is very friendly, which I appreciated. And not fake nice, like the people who work the McClendon's stand at the Old Town farmer's market, but genuinely nice people who care about the products. Prices were definitely fair for organic produce-I paid $3 for about the equivalent of a salad-in-a-bag amount of spinach, and $8 for a half-pint of raw local honey. I can't wait to come back next week...this place is worth waking up early on the weekend for!
4	Great experience! I could have stayed all day.
5	Update: YOU MUST TRY THE PRESSED JUICES!!!!!! Apple kale & carrot apple habanero ($7 each) are the most amazing juices I have had in Arizona. They use a Norwalk press, so the nutrients are all in tact, and the juice are the tastiest, most delicious, fresh beverages I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. I want these to be available every day and not just on Farmer's Market days!!!
2	Surprised this place garners such positive reviews. Went for salad greens or seasonal anything and ended up empty handed. A long line of people checking out had bags of ??  It is a lovely spot and quirky but I expected to buy farm fresh anything, not a latte.
2	The new set-up is terrible.  The old stand under the trees was great.  The new stand in the middle of the compost is terrible.  It smelled liked I was shopping for food at the dump.  The ambiance carried this place in the past and somewhat justified the high prices, but I will definitely not go out of my way to experience the dirt and dust pile that you have created now.
5	I appreciate the effort the botanical gardens goes through, but as an Arizona native, this is 10x more interesting than the plants I see on the side of the road everyday. The place is beautiful, with lots of great conversation areas throughout. It inspired me to do things with my own yard. We'll see if i get around to it. There was a sign that said no dogs, but I still saw a bunch of people bring theirs, so not sure about that. The only thing that would make this place better is if they had compost workshops. I know Ken Singh has done great things with the land using compost, and sells his own, and loves talking about it. I also know that it is a working farm and not necessarily a place for education, but I would love if they considered adding that aspect. Singh Farms offers:Great area to walk around and view plants/horses/chickensSells plantsSells CompostFarmer's Marketwith yummy juices
5	Great place to see that it is possible to grow great produce in the desert!I got here a little late and most of the produce for sale was gone so, I recommend getting here early. I did have some of the fresh Apple Carrot Beet Juice and it was awesome!
5	I love singh farms!  You can spend the morning here.  Start out with a fresh juice from the juice bar, wander in the "market" full of fresh produce, grab a bite to eat and wander the paths of the garden.  Every week they make something different to snack on.  There arent 100 vendors trying to sell you things.  It is very relaxing.  I wish i could be there right now :)
5	Absolutely gorgeous! Farmers market, juice stand, bakery, eating areas, fresh roasted peppers, local grain fed beef jerky, etc were all awesome.
5	An oasis in the desert!  I love your kale & beet varieties!Fresh produce, knowleable staff & volunteers,beautiful gardens!  My 7 yr. old loved seeing allof the ladybugs on your artichokes!  What a treasure!!
5	Great place!! LOVE IT! Come for lunch pick up some fruit, compost and veggies. I wish they were open more than just 1 day a week and more than 4 hours. Enough parking..No dogs :(
5	This place is a hidden gem. I can't believe I've lived less than 5 minutes away from it for so many years and didn't know it was there. It feels like you're in a secret garden, I'm obsessed. It's so lively and green and pretty you HAVE to check it out. You can buy tons of fresh veggies and all sorts of other things. We got some raw honey and tried some rhubarb jam that was delicious. Next time I go I'll definitely have a recipe in mind because if not I'll just want to buy everything. They have some samples for you too. When we went we tried the beet soup and the some artichoke bruschetta that was to die for. We also bought come carrot juice and walked around for a while and looked at the giant Tee Pee (super cool) and flowers and the roosters and hens and things. I took about a thousand pictures. My only complaint is that it's only open one day a week for a couple hours. I don't know how well it would do on weekday mornings (probably fine), but I think it would be great if it was at least open both weekend days and for a longer period of time. Unfortunately since we'll be living on the surface of the sun for the next few months I probably won't be going too much but as soon as it cools down a bit I'll be hitting up this spot!
5	Beautiful spot, tasty/local eats, and great hearted people.
5	We bought compost to sprinkle over the new winter grass seed we are planting for the cooler months. The compost is fine, was cheap for the amount we got, and the people were very helpful. This was our first time to Singh Farms. He plans on opening the farmers market again this year around late October. He said his "babies" were not ready yet to open up the farmers market. :-)Love.
5	Its only been a week and a half and the winter grass that we planted with this compost sprinkled on top is already 4 inches long. WOW!
5	simply awesome. the place calms you down the moment you enter.  a real farm in the middle of city.  great produce (expect to pay Whole Foods price though)   ..... lots of nice seating to relax and let go your weeks worth of stress :)
5	Everyone who knows me knows where to find me on Saturday mornings it's a beautiful places truly an oasis in the desert and it's a blessing for us to have it the salad blend is outrages the corn, artichokes,  beets never ending non GMO organic produce what more can you ask for its Heaven Thank You Thank You Thank You Thank You.....xxxoooo
5	Love this place!  Ken Singh made an oasis in the desert.  Even if you aren't going to buy something you've gotta see this place.  They have the cleanest and best mulch and even have high grade organic fertilizers!  Love this place and have been coming here for years!
3	The place is done and styled really well that onlookers will be awed into thinking it is a wonderland. It is quite beautiful. Let me break it down why i am not going to rave about it like everyone else:Juice bar: The juice is so diluted that if you are an avid juicer, you will know its not worth your money or standing in the line for it. Priced like the juices at whole foods. Dah !Produce: I go to the farmers market on 5th street and the variety is better out there. From what you get here, its pretty good quality food. Baked goods: This is the touristy spot. Lots of people seem to be buying muffins and other desserts here. They do sell bread, but you see them as loaves sitting out there, that its hard to figure out what is what kind. Please label them?raw honey, eggs, pickled lemons, .... great finds !i feel like much of the excitement is about the perfectly styled place, with awsome props and decor. Produce wise, its not a big selection. People are really vibrant and friendly.
5	I LOVE Singh Farms!!! It is Arizona's best kept secret! Most of the farmers markets in AZ are really pretentious and don't actually sell produce but ready-made foods such as pickled foods or cheese, but Singh Farms sells FRESH FRESH produce.I go every weekend and love all of the fresh vegetables and fruits that I get. I get spaghetti squash, broccoli, spinach, oranges, almost everything! Their beets are SO fresh too. It's also really nice that they have other vendors on the farm so you can walk around and eat after or before you shop. There is a juicing truck, pizza place, and breakfast/brunch place. I hate to tell others about this place, but it is too great not to share!
5	I love this place.  You feel like you are in the Bay area.  The veggies are wonderful and reasonably priced.  My daughter loves to go too!
5	It's been about a year since we have been here. It has changed so much. They moved the whole market inside the farm under the trees. It is the best farmers market I have ever been to. Before it was good but now it's out of this world. Opens at 9:00 and they said they would run until about the 4th of July. They accept cash and cards. Lots of tables and benches to sit down and enjoy a pretzel stick. Farm animals as well.
5	What a Gem!   Singh's Farms is a fabulous garden and farmers market.  The whole layout is so inviting and charming.  I really enjoyed Singh Farms because it's not like visiting each "booth" in a parking lot, but surrounded by actual gardens, paths, large trees, a tepee and a cute little shack with more produce, breads, fresh salad mix, honey, jams & pistachios.  The owner does cut fresh flowers in a mason jar for that extra added touch....not to many flowers for sale but if you get there early, you might get lucky.  They have quite a few places to sit so you can appreciate the surroundings. they have a juice shack a little on the expensive side $7 for a drink and they also have a little food stand with a few items that looked very good....they were serving lamb sandwiches.  I would say if you are looking for something unique in a farmer's market...you have to check this place out!
2	After reading the raving 5-star reviews & being an avid gardener, I wanted to go to Singh Farms, primarily to buy compost. But, Saturday mornings are busy with other family activities. So, given the scant hours that Singh Farms operates on, this is a no go for me. Any business that intends to reach a reasonable customer base would be open for business at least 2 full days in a week. I do not believe in private appointments for something as common as gardening.
5	I absolutely love this farm.  I tend to get here early because it gets crowded fast.  Bu not to worry, they are constantly refreshing the produce as soon as they are pulling it out of the ground or collecting the eggs from the chickens.  This place is a little oasis and I bring visiting family here all the time.  The kids have a great time exploring the farm, pretending to be cowboys and playing in the teepee. Parking does fill up fast at the main entrance but there is parking in the back as well.
5	What a hidden gem this place is!  I never knew it existed up until a few weeks ago.  Even when you drive by it on the 101 you can't even tell it's there.  It's like a hidden Narnia.  This place is probably the best farmers market in Phoenix.  It's in a lush tree covered area with small trails all around and places to sit and enjoy the atmosphere.  You can't even hear the freeway at all when you're in there.  They have all types of vegetables to fill your fridge.  They also have homemade bread from a famous bread maker apparently.  I grabbed a loaf of multi-grain and wow I could have eaten the entire loaf over a weekend by myself.  Fresh fruits & veggies at a low cost and at a place you'll enjoy walking around in.  Nice job Singh Farms!
5	Just the loveliest gem on a sunny Saturday morning. If you are planning to completely stock your kitchen with veggies and the like, you may want to plan your arrival right at 9:00am. It fills up fast with regulars, so many of the produce options go quickly. The choices in stock wax and wane depending on what's available for the picking, so if you don't find the variety you're looking for, maybe plan to split your time between here and another market. But come here for the experience. Come for the pastries, the coffee, for lunch, a bonfire and live music. This is truly a magical oasis humbly tucked beside the freeway, and a great way to enjoy the weekend.The greens here are exceptional and usually plentiful. They often have staples like chard, kale or collards some variety of root veggies and lots of citrus. If you're early enough, you'll find carrots, radishes and tomatoes. When you're done shopping, plan to spend some time enjoying the lay of the land. Definitely check out the menu of the day - there is typically soup plus another good plate du jour like pizza or stuffed peppers. I usually come hungry! Be sure to keep an eye out for a lull in the crowd, as the lines get LONG for both coffee and food. Haven't tried the juice stand, but it does look refreshing in warmer months. If you're into maintaining your own little garden, they also have herbs/plants, compost and mulch for purchase. While it might be slightly pricier than your national home store chain, this is "native" stuff, meaning it's fit for Arizona gardening - important if you actually want your plants to grow. While other formal farmers markets might have a more steady variety of choices, there is nothing like traipsing around the actual farm and getting away from the morning bustle.
