3	BLT Steak is the signature restaurant in the new Ritz Carlton in downtown Charlotte. They opened early October 2009 and are still working out a few quirks, in my opinion. The atmosphere is great - trendy, modern, yet comfortable. Service is good - almost too good. Easy to see everyone is still becoming comfortable in their roles. Our waiter was OK (he was trying really hard!). It seemed like he was a little uncomfortable with the fine food atmosphere, awkwardly asking us, "May I present you with the menus at this time?" I've dined at some of the finest restaurants in the US (La Cirque, French Laundry, etc) and been to almost every steakhouse in Charlotte so that's what I'll use for my comparison. We've also been to the BLT in Washington, DC (wife went for the soft opening party). BLT Charlotte still has some work to do with food quality to accommodate the price/value and even match Del Frisco's, Flemming's or even Sullivan's. Especially when you're paying $45 for the Ribeye. The wine by the glass selection is also terrible, just terrible. Only one option for each variety (one Cab, one Chardonnay, etc). Our meal consisted of:Crab cake appetizer - very good. Lump crab meat, minimal breading, great preparationRibeye for me. Asked for medium knowing many places (esp new places) under cook. My steak was not warm to the touch and the middle center was cold. I hate sending things back but I like my food hot (or at least warm)Wife had the Dover Sole. 7 out of 10. Great flavor. Not very hot, either. Our sides were BBQ corn (interesting flavor, pretty good) and the spinach. She had a glass of champagne and I had a cocktail and one glass of red wine. Total bill with 20% tip was about $250. Right now I'd take my business to Flemming's 9 times out of 10. I hope BLT improves because I certainly enjoyed the ambiance and our time there. PS - The popovers served for bread are absolutely incredible.(meant to snap a few pictures with my iPhone but forgot - will add next time I am downtown - sorry!)
3	Popped in here for a meal during a stay at the attached Ritz-Carlton.  Atmosphere is great - relaxed modern elegance.  Staff are very friendly and the service is good.The food is good - our meal was the followingAppetizers:Beefsteak tomato saladTomatoes provencalEntree:8oz FiletWild Mushroom RisottoThe beefsteak tomato salad was good, the filet was cooked excellently but needed a little something something.  The tomatoes provencal were just ok.  The Risotto was out of this world!  They server popovers as their bread and they are delicious.Overall a good place.  i might have given this 4 stars if the food made more of an impression on me.  DOnt get me wrong - it wasn't bad but it wasn't what i expected given the surroundings.
3	Came here to keep a pal company before a wedding, although we only hit the bar. Was an interesting enough experience that I feel compelled to write something up.This is a comfy, understated bar - unpretentious, despite its surroundings. Our bartender(s) were very blond, very tan, and somewhat able. The specialty cocktails were varied (updated Manhattan, cachasca, nothing too "exotic" but not overly classic, either) and all at the $11 mark, serving to remind you of where you're imbibing more than to provide a superlative drink. My Manhattan was not the best I've had or even close, but drinkable. I might have been more peeved had I been footing the bill. Bar snacks were standard but good - olives and smoked almonds. Single malt scotch selection is (predictably) top notch.Pleasant enough experience that I wouldn't say no to giving the BLT bar another go, but I guess I was expecting a bit more flamboyance? It's in the Ritz, after all. But maybe it works that this is the one understated area of the entire hotel. Shrug.
4	I have had both a private event and dinner at BLT Steak. Let me start off by saying I love the location and atmosphere of BLT. Its location within the Ritz gives it a prestigious feel which is great for entertaining clients and the atmosphere is relaxing, trendy, and rich without being stuffy. Halfway through the planning process the Private Event Manager was let go (which may explain anyone else's complaints with the private dining setup). I was mortified to find this out, but pleasantly surprised at how well they bounced back and made my event a success. The team rallied to find all of our specially requested wines and put together a great set up for the room.In terms of the food, the hors d'ouevres were incredible. Passed Menu:Round 1 - 1. Shrimp Cocktail2. Mini Crab Cake / Meyer Lemon3. Stuffed Mushroom Caps4. Lamb Tenderloin / Eggplant CaviarRound 2 - 1. Shrimp Cocktail2. Mini Grilled Cheese / Truffle Oil3. Grilled Hanger Steak / BBQ Potato Salad4. Braised Short ribs / Jalapeno Mash PotatoesThe shrimp were huge and delicious. The stuffed mushrooms and grilled cheese (best ever) were a great vegetarian option for our guests and the lamb, crabcakes and hanger steak were delectable. The staff did try very hard, but for our group that was much appreciated. No one was ever without a drink or holding an empty plate. For dinner, I was slightly disappointed with the braised lamb, however I did taste the Blackboard Menu halibut that night and it may have been the best peice of fish I have ever tasted - which is saying alot coming from Palm Beach, Florida. The bread was interesting and I'm glad I took their advice to try the salt as it really made it amazing. We ordered wine by the bottle, so I'm unsure about their by-the-glass wines, but the wine we had that night was very good. I also had champagne which I enjoyed as well. Overall, I think they are doing very well for being open such a short time. The men in my office have eaten there almost a dozen times now and always come back raving about the food.
2	I had high hopes for BLT Steak.  We went for Charlotte Restaurant Week, which is a great chance to try restaurants you normally wouldn't go to due to price.  I had the goat cheese salad, skirt steak and molten lava cake.  The salad was quite good (you can't go wrong with fried goat cheese!) but the skirt steak lacked...well, pretty much everything.  It had little to no taste and was very very tough, even after being marinated.  I know skirt steak isn't the nicest cut of meat, but it's usually less tough.  Normally the skirt steak is $30+; I would have felt robbed if I had paid that price for it.  My boyfriend had the potato leek soup, lamb shank and apple cobbler.  The potato leek soup tasted more like bacon than anything else, but the lamb shank was very rich and tasty.  Unfortunately the ambiance was lacking, which might have just been that it was a Friday during Restaurant Week and we were seated near a woman who had imbibed a bit too much so we had a hard time talking to each other over the din of the crowd.  Overall, we were both terribly underwhelmed.  I would would say save your money and go to Flemings or one of the other steakhouses in the area, BLT just doesn't live up to the hype.
5	I had the great privilege of dining here this evening. Every aspect of my experience was wonderful. Highly recommend!
4	Was treated to this new-ish swanky restaurant today by a vendor.  The ambiance was nice and modern.  I was surprised how empty the place was, until I saw the prices on the menu. :)  Seriously, I'd say a bit overpriced, but it's in the Ritz-Carlton, so I guess it's a requirement of some sort.They start you off with bread.  Now, I'm not a big bread fan, but I was hungry.  So, I ate it, then kept eating it.  It's a very light, fluffy bread and they idea is that you progress from eating it plain to adding sweet butter then finally to sea salt.  All three arrangements were very nice.  We also had the tuna tartar and crab cake appetizer.  The tuna tartar was fabulous.  Both from a taste and presentation perspective.  It comes in a cube of diced tuna all pushed together over a layer of avacado.  Pretty amazing it was.  The crab cake was well, pretty pedestrian.  For my entree, I ordered the organic chicken & roasted red pepper sandwich.  It was very tasty, I must say.  I also got a side of jalapeno mashed potatoes.  Of course, I'm an easy sell for anything with jalapeno in the name, but they were wonderful as well.Overall, a very positive experience and I'd suggest it to anyone who is impervious to "sticker shock".
4	I typically don't eat at Steak House's this much but I have found myself dining at one three times this month!!  Now all have been exceptional!! That being said I have gone to BLT Prime in NYC and I already had known what to expect $$$$ wise but I will say everything we had was very good our service was great he was super attentive and joking around with us really a good time. Especially with two bottles in!!! The decor is very nice it is the Ritz even the bathrooms blew me away!! For the table we started with the beet salad which i didn't taste because i am not a fan of them, but they all raved how great they were and that they didn't have that earthy taste to them...blah blah blah i still wasn't trying them!!! We also had the Double Cut Bacon (again something else i need to stay away from at a Steak House) Sooo good!! and then we had the Tuna Tartar over Avocado ridiculously good!!Moved on to our entrees I had the Wagyu Skirt Steak Full of flavor so tender cooked perfectly!! My dining Companions had Filets I believe I'm not 100% sure I was a little too involved with my meat to care about theirs!! We had the Creamed Spinach, Brussel Sprouts with Bacon, and Asparagus...No Carbs Very impressed!! We finished with another glass of wine and Profiteroles for dessert!! The chef came over and spoke with us for a little bit he was very nice and has A LOT of experience with some of the greatest Chef's!! We really had a great dinner!
4	You know them when they happen. Those perfect evenings that you think about for weeks. With just the right combination of the company that you are with and the place where you are. Enter Valentines Day weekend. I found myself in Charlotte visiting a dear friend. After cocktails in the Ritz lobby bar, we were seated in a quiet table in a back niche of BLT- the perfect place to relax and catch up. The decor is modern with out being uncomfortable, the service spot on and the food delicious. We started with a couple of appetizers, fresh oysters and tuna tartar. The presentation of the tun tartar was lovely with a layer of avocado and the chunks of fresh tuna artfully arranged. The bread that comes to the table is light and chewy- served with freshly salted butter. Delicious. For dinner- when in Rome- do as the Romans do, so steak was the name of the game. I had a perfectly prepared New York strip steak that comes with your choice of 9 sauces. I chose Bearnaise but there was also peppercorn, horseradish, steak, BBQ and others too many to mention. Not sure which cut of steak my friend had but his was delicious too. As for sides? We had Potato gratin, and "hen of the woods" mushrooms which were great. And finally- dessert. The sticky toffee pudding cake with pecan ice cream was the winner of the evening. Absolutely the perfect way to end our evening. The manager came over a couple of times throughout our dinner and made us feel welcome and valued. The even better news, is that he told me that they were going to open a BLT in Chicago in the near future. It should be interesting to see how it fares with all the other great steakhouses that are there! I loved that the live music from the Lobby bar wafted into the restaurant and kept us entertained throughout the night- beckoning us to come back to the bar and linger to awhile. BLT is not for the "faint of wallet". While I didn't see the final bill- I am quite sure that dinner for two with drinks and dessert ran somewhere in the $250 range so not an everyday dinner place. But worth a splurge every now and again. The only downside for me was that there is no reciprocal agreement between the bar and the restaurant. You have to close out one tab and cannot carry your drinks forward to the restaurant when you are ready to eat. Seems like there could be an easy fix for that given this is all in a Ritz hotel known for it's service. Fabulous food, great service and a welcoming attitude from all. It's definitely a sure thing for that special night out!
4	To be Cabo Fish Taco not not to be? We had debated and flipped coins about whether or not we were going to eat here. I wanted a fish taco dammit! So initially we had just intended to meet up with Bill F for pre dinner drinks, but after much temptation and some passive coaxing by the super friendly waiter, we ended up ordering some appetizers and sides. Ordered up the rosemary martini. A Rosemary sprig came inside the glass which was cool, but it had a strong tart martini mix flavor. The Ginny Hendrix, the cucumber infused martini was just okay. Martinis are $12, but half off last night. Without the discount, I think I would rather have martinis at Therapy. There are three things I want to highlight as far as food. To start your meal, complimentary chicken liver pate with bread. I'm not much of a liver person, but this was good. Rich and of course had a strong bitter liver flavor. Next is this puff bread pastry thingy lined with gruyere cheese. This was amazing. It is served with a sweet cream butter and sea salt. It is a play on the sweetness and savory saltiness. Two very different tastes, one bread. With the cream, it had a buttery popcorn, croissant taste. With the salt, a pretzel taste. Hats off to the pastry chef for this fun treat. They also provided lil card with the recipe. I think its for us, the guest, not sure but we took it home anyways...ShhhhOysters. These were some damn good, fresh, tasty oysters. They are served with a malt vinegar/garlic sauce and traditional cocktail sauce. Most importantly, a small bottle of tabasco. The malt vinegar on oysters was something I've never had. Not my preference, but good nonetheless.Now I don't know about you, but I absolutely hate the "would you like bottled, carbonated, or tap water" question. How many people actually drink anything other than tap water at a restaurant? Bottled, I understand, carbonated though? Carbonated water is gross. lolHeck, sometimes I don't feel like getting all dolled up and just want a nice meal. BLT isn't so ostentatious that you feel it's necessary to suit it up. I wore Vans, the party next to us split their meal three ways. The staff wasn't condescending or belittling and thats how it should be.To sum it up, I like BLT. Decor is contemporary, much more appealing to me personally. I prefer the modern steakhouse more than the traditional steakhouse. Most traditional steakhouses are just too stuffy for me. And yes, the music did get annoying. It wasn't blaring loud, it was like an annoying muffled loud coming from the upstairs neighbor.
5	Fantastic private dining experience! Excellent 5 star waiter service!Highly recommend this restaurant for business dining. Our company reserved the private dining room for 20 guests for a meet-and-greet with drinks and finger foods for the first hour. All the drinks were moderate to substantial in size. Without questions, drinks served with top shelf.Appetizers were fresh and hot out of the oven:  - Stuffed mushroom caps - delightful  - Crab cakes - bite after bite of crab - Gorganzola cheese melt  - perfect two bites - Filet steak strips - grilled to perfectionOnce we were seated, a prepared menu offered with family style plating. (Everyone sampled every item!)Breading: - Pate with house croutons - delicious gamy taste - Popovers with butter and seasalt - HUGE and so crisp and lightAppetizers: - Caesar salad - fresh and light - Roasted beets - wonderful and so tasty! - Boston bibb salad - large green and leafy freshEntree: - Grilled Hanger Steak - grilled from rare to medium; perfect - Confit Lemon Rosemary Chicken - tender and flavorful - Branzini - on the dry and rough side* entrees were served with jalapeno mashed potatoes, creamy spinach and Hen of the woods mushrooms on the side.Dessert: - Peanut Butter Chocolate Mousse with banana ice cream - very very rich - Blueberry-Lemon meringue pie with lemon sorbet - almost too tangy and sour; almost... - Carrot Cake with ginger ice cream - expecting to be too sweet but wasn't - Chocolate brownie bites - wonderful bite size packed with richnessBeautiful minimal interiors that flowed into the Ritz-Carlton lounge. Will be coming back again!
1	Went for an anniversary dinner while staying at the Ritz. The service was great, except for the fact that I had to ask three times for a second glass of wine. The food was terrible for this level of restaurant. It must have been an off night. I couldn't imagine anyone giving rave reviews about this place if they were served the same meal that we received. The beets that were in the roasted beets salad tasted like they were straight out of a can and really tough to bite into.  The steak that I ordered was so heavily salted that I couldn't taste anything but salt. Could not eat half of it. They ruined a great cut of meat.The grits and gorgonzola was super dry. To me it seemed like it had been overly cooked or under a heat lamp too long.The brussels sprouts were undercooked and crunchy. At least the desert was decent. Will never go back. This was not a $200 dinner. This wasn't even a $100 dinner. And as someone who enjoys going out and having a great meal I was really shocked by what we were served. The waiter did ask how we liked our meal and also asked when we didn't finish anything that we were served, and he did apologize. And I would have said more about it but didn't want to get into it or create more of a bad feel since it was our anniversary. There are a multitude of restaurant in the Charlotte area where you can be served a great meal, and without spending $200.
4	Fancy! I love the Ritz-Carlton! After the Michael  Buble concert, my husband took me to BLT to top off our date night. We ordered the carrot cake with ginger ice cream and a toffee cake. Sweet goodness! The coffee was great and the wine was just what I needed. The service was okay. I did not appreciate the server setting down our bill along with our dessert. Although he said, "No rush," I didn't believe him. It might have been because within a few minutes he stopped by to check on us and asked if the bill was ready. For $50 for dessert and drinks, back off and let me enjoy. *smile*Great atmosphere and delicious dessert! I will be back...and one day I'll actually splurge and stay as a guest of the Ritz.
2	I was only here for the '5 at 5' or the '5 After 5' or whatever it is so I dont have the full BLT experience. The '5 at 5' is for the bar area only where you can order off a list of 5 apps for $5 a piece.  I was here last night and the in-love-with-himself bartender told us about their $5 drink specials.  Most thrilling was the $5 BUD LIGHT SPECIAL ******* this is not a misprint******.  And he actually had no comeback to my subsequent observation that a BUD LIGHT ON NO PLANET IS SPECIAL LET ALONE FOR FIVE DOLLARS.  FYI - if you go into the bar and pick up the menu, you will see this super $5 Bud Light is available daily....I can't understand why people arent FLOCKING to the bar to take advantage of such a deal....  Anyways - the food - we ordered the beef sliders and the crab cakes.  The crab cakes were fantastic and worth the shitty service but the beef sliders were odd.  When you first see them you are like 'WOW' cause two come out per order and they are huge!  Then you realize instead of a ground sirloin patty, it comes out with a slice of tenderloin on it.  So did you ever try to bite into a slice of tenderloin on a sandwich?  Being that I am not a barracuda my teeth were not sharp enough to bite through it.  So a gross scene ensued where I am trying to severe off a piece by ripping it with my hands and teeth - NOT SEXY.  I had to eat the rest with knife and fork...maybe a 'lady' would have started this way but hey I am honest.  Anyways the bar filled up later and was fun.  I hope to return sometime for a full meal to properly judge the place and I hope to add more stars :-)
2	Have you ever gone to a steak house and lost weight? If you haven't, try BLT, as you'll not take home a doggie bag...ha. Is it also bad that the best part of the evening was the background music? I love me some Dobie Gray :) Went to BLT for restaurant week today and was not impressed unfortunately. I'm from Chicago and love steakhouses, and have spent my fare share of $$$ on Charlotte's finest ones. BLT doesn't rank in the top 5...sorry. Details: Ordered the beefsteak salad, hanger steak (med rare) and the tart dessert. Sides are included (all 3 of them). We had a party of 4, so I of course asked the size of the sides. The nice waitress said "family style", which was acceptable though I asked her if Id get the same amount of sides if it were just two f us, and she said yes. I then asked (with a smile) how many sides we'd get if there were 6 of us, and she said 6. I pointed out the math didn't make sense, but said I could order additional sides off the menu if I'd like. I thought to myself that I'd just bring more people next time. Food was average. The sides were in a small dish. Trust me, small, and if you've been to any other steak house, you'd agree. Hanger steak was more rare than med rare, though I don't mind. Flavor was pretty good. Unfortunately the experience was sub par and I won't be returning. TIP: Hotel bar and restaurant bar have different liquor licenses, so make sure to finish your hotel bar drink before going into the restaurant.
2	Bummer, major bummer BLT, I has such high hopes for our Charlotte Restaurant Week rendezvous. But after a few hours here I think BLT should stand for a Boring and Lackluster Table of food. It's not that any particular part of the meal was "bad", it was just an underwhelming experience as a whole. Here's how it went down:We arrived on time for our reservation and had to wait almost 20 minutes for our table, the hostess was apologetic and, really, there was nothing she could have done about that as the room was pretty packed. Once we were seated our waitress was polite but not really engaging at all. I've been to my share of steakhouses in Charlotte and Chicago and it seems that all of the other steakhouse servers I've encountered were engaging, friendly and witty. This waitress just seem harried and not super thrilled to be there. But I digress, she was polite. Onto the meal - it started off well:Bread-Gruyere puffs: Tasty little suckers, brought out fresh to the table with coarse sea salt and unsalted butter. Caesar Salad: A generous portion of fresh romaine, tasty croutons and delicious, salty bits of fried Parmesan. And then it went downhill...Roasted Chicken: Greasy, bland and boring. I didn't taste any spices whatsoever except for the lemon left in the roasting pan. I would have been pretty ticked if I had to pay full price for this menu item as it was a total letdown. I barely ate one-third of the dish. "Family Style" sides: Creamed Spinach with nutmeg, BBQ Corn, Jalapeno Mashed Potatoes. These were the smallest "family style" sides I've ever seen. Our table was calling them the Barbie family sides. It's a good thing I really didn't love any of the sides, other than the jalapeno mashed potatoes. The green taters were spicy and creamy and I could have eaten the whole Barbie side myself. The BBQ Corn tasted more sour than sweet and the Creamed Spinach was missing the cream! I know it's unhealthy, but I expect my creamed spinach to be, creamy! And delicious. And unhealthy. Warm Chocolate Cake with Toffee Ice Cream: Also a happy part of the menu for me. It was a small lava cake with delicious toffee ice cream on the side. I will note, however, that it was quite a small cake and the ice cream scoop was the size of a melon ball. Don't tease me like that BLT.I don't know if this lackluster meal was the result of Restaurant Week or if it's indicative of BLT's typical meals. Overall, I don't see any reason to head back and pay their retail prices as they are north of every other upscale steak house in Uptown. Bummer, BLT, I thought we'd be friends.
4	Went here last night w/my guests from NY.  Surprisingly, they'd never been to any BLT outlet, even though there are several in NYC where they live!We walked in after 8 w/o a reservation and it was not busy at all.  Checked with the hostess if it was okay our friend had shorts and mandals on (we had been accosted walking through the door at Mez earlier and told there was a business casual dress code, so we left).  She laughed and assured us it was fine.  Uh yea your dining room is empty who would actually turn away a party of 3?I've been here 2 other times and had the same server who was really great so I was sad to see he wasn't there, the woman we had ended up fine but seemed a bit cold in the beginning.  She offered us the Restaurant Week menu, but even though it would have been a good deal cheaper, I didn't love any of the selections.  We all started w/a cocktail and ordered the tuna and bacon for appetizers.  Received the chicken liver mousse and popovers and the popovers were overcooked and not as great as my past visits.  The tuna was great and the bacon while good, not as great as I remembered from my 1st visit.For entrees 2 of us had the 8 oz filet and one had the NY strip.  Sides were creamed spinach, brussel sprouts and the hash with leeks.  Steaks were all cooked a perfect medium-rare, maybe more on the rare side but that was fine by us.  Brussel sprouts are still my favorite side there.  So rich and sweet but I love them, the others were good but the hash was sooo salty.  Enjoyed a glass of malbec with my steak, and I have to say the wines by the glass are reasonably priced compared to other places.Too full for dessert, but they send out the complimentary brownie bites.  They were sooo good.  Not too sweet as I believe they are coffee infused and that helps to cut the sweetness.  They were moist but had a nice burnt sugar on them.  A great little bite to get a sweet fix!I don't think BLT has the best food, but I like the decor and the music they have playing is great, service is good, so all of that combined makes it 4 stars for me.  I just hope business picks up for them, they seem to never be busy when I go.
4	A little over the top with service, but the food and cocktails are amazing.  We go there all the time and order hanger steak.  Yes, they have amazing cuts of meat that will blow your mind, but if your on a budget try the hanger steak. Other favorites; southern tea, rack of lamb, BBQ corn,  Brussel Sprouts, and Crepe Souffle. BTW, Valet is free with meal.
5	I really love this restaurant! Some say it is overpriced, but the food never disappoints and the wonderful  ambiance and service is certainly worthy of the price. The restaurant has been full both times we dined there, but we've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a table. The meal also includes complimentary chicken liver pate with crostini, amazing freshly baked popovers,  and warm chocolate petit fours at the end.The first time my husband and I ate there, we both had the branzini, which was amazingly prepared and beautifully served. Last night we enjoyed the special Restaurant Week menu of three courses for $30. We had the hangar steak, which was cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the creme fraiche pound cake with berries served warm with just the slightest bit of crunch to it. We started the meal off with an endive salad, which was good, but the couple dining with us had the stuffed squash blossoms and those were so delicious, I regretted not getting them. My Ginni Hendricks cocktail is probably my favorite drink now and I would go there just for that. After dinner we walked out to the adjacent Ritz Carlton lobby bar and had some after dinner drinks while listening to some soothing live jazz and enjoying the people watching. BOOM for around $200, the four of us had an impeccable dinner, cocktails plus wine with dinner and finished off with some great entertainment over the course of four hours with absolutely no complaints. I would say that is a bargain.BLT does not serve the gargantuan proportions that people seem to be accustomed to, but neither me nor my husband left the restaurant hungry and the detail and quality of the food was exceptional.
1	So we did a little jumping around tonight.. Our adventures brought us to the $5 bar menu at BLT Steak.. Specifically the Kobe Beef hot dog.  I had it, I ate it, and I thought it was okay.. Eh..  $12 drinks wasn't really appealing either.  My New Fashioned was good but for that price, it better be tall.. It was not.  Please avoid this place.  Unless you got some serious dough to throw around on semi good food.  -Ian M.
4	Beautiful restaurant in the Ritz Carlton. Had hamburger & fries. Attending business conference at the Ritz.
2	In a word: disappointing.We went to BLT with two other couples with expectations of a pleasant and interesting dining experience. We started well with a round at Urban Sip (lobby bar): very well-mixed drinks, comfy cool atmosphere. When we walked into the restaurant, I liked the contemporary stylishness of the atmosphere. Unfortunately, even with our reservations which we arrived right on time for, we waited for 20 minutes at the bar. It turned out to be an omen of worse service to come.The menu was okay, but lacked the creativity I was expecting, looking a lot like the dozens of other overpriced upscale steakhouses all over town. I ordered the duck confit risotto special to start; it was excellent. My wife ordered the beefsteak tomatoes, which I suspected would be out of season, and they were indeed tasteless and mealy. For the main course I had the wagyu skirt with the wine sauce. It was also very tasty, though a touch undercooked (I ordered medium), and the wine sauce was too tart. I also tried sauces our friends had ordered: peppercorn sauce (too sweet), bernaise (ok) and steak sauce (VERY good). The unique "popover" bread was also delicious, with a soft inside.As for the service, it was almost comically bad for such a purported upscale place. As I noted, we had to wait too long for our seats, it took too long to order and receive our drinks, one of our party had to go find a waiter to get our water glasses refilled, and one of our party had his steak way overcooked and had to send it back. They did comp us two trays of desserts after the complaints, but the overall experience was a negative one given the premium price.
4	Two words.  Two glorious words.  These two words will be the cornerstone of an incredible BLT Steak experience. Tuna Tartare  The tuna tartare is incredible.  I love raw fish, and have enjoyed plenty of raw fish, but the BLT Steak tuna tartare is hands down the best I have ever, ever had.  It's awesome.  If you do not have this as an appetizer, you're just missing out.  To make it even better, they add avocado and gaufrette chips.  Incredible.  Other great things on the menu:- Popovers - they are baked in house and have gruyere cheese in them.  It comes with homemade butter and sea salt.  They are heavenly.  - Blue cheese stuff olives soaked in vodka - Also known as a martini.  They can mix a great one up there. - The amuse bouche - typically, it's been chicken liver mouse with some rustic bread.  Steak - The steak is great, but it's not the best I've had.  It comes served in cast iron pan, so the presentation is nice.  Unfortunately, two out of the three times I have been, my steak was slightly overcooked.  Oh well.  Sides - I've had quite a few.  The jalapeno mashed potatoes are interesting, but I think there are other ones I feel are better.  The roasted potatoes and brussel sprouts are very good.  Get them.  Recommended.  Lastly, the space is just cool.  The bar outside of the restaurant in the Ritz-Carlton is quite lively, albeit slightly older.  Basically, if you're a divorced 40-50 year old, you probably want to hang here.  Just sayin'.  Inside the restaurant, it's a cool layout and very nicely done.  All in all, it's a good place to go for a fancy dinner.  If you can put on the expense account, even better....
4	I had the pleasure of dining at BLT Steak three times so far. My first dining experience was with my friend/former client. We had a great time catching up with her business and mine. The energy and the excitement to experience an upscale French influence steak restaurant was quixotical. The foie gras for appetizer were delicious with merlot. I ordered the duck entre medium rare, and it came out pretty rare so I sent it back for a medium rare. By this time, I already had my wine and into deep conversation about our business I didn't care much for the food. The duck came out overcooked and it taste like rubber. I didn't want to make a stink about it since it is their firs month of opening. For the second visit, I recommended this place for an out of town friend because of the atmosphere, energy as well as the location. The food was decent, the company was loud.My third visit, I ordered a wild boar as an appetizer. It taste like beef, but it was decent. Nothing spectacular. A whole bottle of wine while dining made the evening more fun.With the last visit, we just went to the bar area. I ordered lemon drop martini which was very good I had to the second. The bartender put salt instead of sugar. She was nice about it. The crowd was awesome, the hot celebrity were one table away. It was a cool and fun nite.I look forward for my 4th dining experience for my birthday this weekend. The reservation is made and the lemon drop is on my mind.
3	Started with Appletini with Kettle One.  Yummy!  Tuna tartar is scrumptious!   Ginger ice cream and lemon sorbet, beautifully done.  Creamy, crispy and just the right sweetness.   - 5 StarsHowever, the short ribs were seriously over cooked.  The sauce was absolutely over bearing.  Sides were unimpressive, hash browns, brussels sprouts and asparagus were all burnt.  Cut bacon appetizer came out salty, dry and burnt.  Only salvation, grits were tasty and creamy.  During dessert I couldn't believe when I asked for tea, it came in a fancy Japanese pot with a cheap "Bigelow" type tea bag hanging out.   - 2 StarsService was erratic.  Some of the wait staff were on their game.  Our main person was not engaging.  Came across as she was forcing herself to be friendly.   -3 StarsWould I come back on my own.  Nope.  Will I end up coming back for another work function, unfortunately...yes.
4	This place is tucked inside Charlotte's Ritz and is just like any fancy steakhouse you might come across. If you want a nice straightforward martini, go for the gini hendrix with the cucumber - one of the best martini's I've had. In terms of main meal, you really can't go wrong with a NY strip, and the short ribs are really delicious, but be careful they give you a lot in a very large pot. Mac n cheese was good too. Finally, they have a great scotch and bourbon menu for those who can save for dessert.
4	Skeptical was the word that came to mind when my friend told me the last stop of the night was going to be BLT Steak. I've read numerous reviews on here about the lackluster food so I wasn't too stoked to ho.. But c'mon, I had to check it solely for the reason that it's located in the Ritz. I'm a girl who has Ritz taste on a Motel 6 budget! We started off at the bar and was overwhelmed by the wine list so I settled on a peach mojito and dare I say it was one of the best I've ever had? I wanted to suck it down in a matter on seconds but on the other hand wanted to appreciate it. Nicole did an awesome job on that! We soon sat at a table and I was surprised how bumping the place was for a Monday night--I didn't feel like I was in Charlotte. It was like the vibe of a big city nestled into a restaurant in Uptown Charlotte. Service was spot on--our server gave us a tour of the menu and schooled us on the steak cuts. I love getting education on what I'm going to be eating. We had a couple of appetizers such as hen of the woods mushrooms and the chicken liver pate, which  was to die for. I believe one of the guys at my table was scooping the last bits out with his finger because it was that good and we keep it classy. We shared a bottle of red wine and unfortunately, since it was the last stop of the evening, I was quite sauced so I don't remember the name of it but it was in the three figure range and worth every penny. I had the hanger steak seasoned in peppercorn with a side of jalapeno mashed potatoes which were heavenly. My main gripe is that items are ala carte and sides items go for $9-$12 apiece so meals can get costly.  Impeccable food and service however with the price tag that comes with dinner, this would be a special occasion kind of place for me until I get a huge raise.  However, the ambiance will definitely bring me back for another peach mojito.
4	This place is fantastic to say the least.  Most reviews on here seem to be in the 2-3 star range.  Maybe I just had a good experience? Either way I can't complain.  We started the meal with tuna tartar that was served with waffle chips as well as a bacon appetizer that was to die for (you can't loose with bacon.....EVER).  For my main entree I had the salmon served on top of artichoke hearts.  It was fabulous, nice buttery flavor, slightly crispy on top but perfect throughout.  The artichoke hearts were a nice compliment to the dish as well.  My date ordered the spicy tuna dish and I'm not sure of the glaze on it, but it was spot on as well!But here's my favorite part of the meal....don't gag...but the brussel sprouts.  These ain't yo' mommas brussel sprouts.  These little morsels of heaven were cooked with a bacon reduction and a honey glaze to give it a flavor less like a brussel sprout and more like a stuffed mushroom in my opinion.  Please do yourself a favor and make your mom proud and order this as your side when you go.....it will not disappoint!Only disappointment I had was the dessert.  I forget the name of it but it was topped with a coconut topping (like a whip cream almost) and in between what seemed like two cookies was a mango ice cream.  Honestly the mango ice cream was a bit overpowering to me.  The upside was it came with a little something special from the chef.  It was served along side these little chocolate medallions that were topped with white powder sugar....they were fantastic!Service was perfect as well.  Let me give you an example.  So sometimes I can be a bit persuasive.  I spoke with our server and the manager and long story short, they allowed me and my date to go into their wine room and climb the ladder and pick the bottle that we ordered! Now that is service....love it!BLT....small name....HUGE taste!  This was my first visit and I will certainly be back.
3	(A belated review from my visit 2 weeks ago...) Let me start off by saying BLT Steak gets 5-star for service.  The waiter and the manager went above and beyond for our table (what can I say, I was with "special people." They wanted to play with the wine ladder and the "kids" ended up climbing the wine ladder to get their own wine lol).  I was here before at the bar once and the bartender remembered me... that's amazing considering I have been to places where they couldn't even remember what I just ordered (and it's a girl bartender, not a guy)The atmosphere was excellent as well.  Very clean and modern yet just a hint of something romantic/special.  This is a great place for business or personal dining.  Now to the menu... I wouldn't say it's "limited" but there are little options besides steak and seafood.  I personally ended up having a soup (corn chowder with lump crabmeat) and gnocchi as my dinner.  Our table ordered tuna  tartar and bacon for appetizers as well, and a side of brussel sprouts to share (brussel sprouts was highly recommended by the waiter).  The soup was sweeter than I would have liked but  I enjoyed the crabmeat.  Tuna Tartar was very well presented in a cube shape.  Bacon... well, it's bacon, it's almost impossible to mess up bacon, but not sure if these 3 slices worth $9.  The gnocchi was a little mushy, the taste was fine.  The brussel sprouts was a hit at the table, it's sweet (brown sugar) and savor (bacon... b-a-c-o-n!!!).  Truth is, I can fix a mean brussel sprouts myself so I wasn't as impressed as my fellow diners by it.  I had one bite of the salmon, which was good... but then it's easy to prepare excellent seafood dishes if one starts with premium quality ingredients (and I can only imagine BLT Steak using the best of the best).  Our dessert (chef's special) was a fail; it was too tart, the cookie/cake was too hard.  I guess what I am hinting is... for a restaurant sitting at the 1st floor of Ritz, I was anticipating more from it.  Granted the service was impeccable, but the best items should not be bacon and brussel sprouts.
2	I love the one in DC so I thought I would go here while on business. What a disaster. The service was horendous. We ordered beet salad, bibb lettuce salad and tuna tartare. Only the tuna tartate was any good. Steaks were cooked well and tasted good but all sides were disappointing. Would not return. For the price I would not chance another visit to a BLT.
1	Been to BLT's for dinner several times. Each time is a disappointment. 1 star for the steak. 5 star for the ambiance, decor & free valet. 10 stars for their amazing bread, pate and bone marrow. The presentation on the bone in ribeye is amazing. Each time the steak comes out cold. The iron skillet would be hot but the food in it is always cold. If your going to spend your money on a steak. BLT is not it.
2	It should have been better.  The service is fair- at best.  Slow- but not in an attentive way. The kind if place where an empty wine glass is ignored. The manager walks around in no particular direction, not helping his staff at all. The periphery staff is wasted. Apps and salads were great.  Main courses- like short ribs- get served in odd trinkets. The chef should be embarrassed his/her efforts look silly.  The  sides are too small. But really good food.  Help your chef.
4	Man when someone said make sure you check out Bisto Laurent Tondarel I had no idea it was the steakhouse in the lobby of my hotel.  I saw BLT and was like wait, lolwat?? thankfully my overworked and tired mind was able to fumble through the acronym and figured it out.Drinks were on point, thats where I always start and if someone brings fresh cut limes and my gin & tonic is crisp im going in strong on the menu. Everything from the bread to our steaks (it is a steakhouse amrite?) was delicious. This place isnt 5 star but its up there. For sure warrants another visit next time im in town.
4	We had a delicious meal, and the service was attentive, too.  Loved the tuna tartar, the brussel sprouts, and the lamb with Roquefort sauce.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!  I had the filet with peppercorn sauce, which was good, until I tried the lamb and realized what I was missing.    Surprisingly, it was a little raucous for a Wednesday night-- at one point, our server winced because of the noice from celebrating revelers at the table across the way from us.  But we eventually outlasted most of the dinner crowd, and frankly, the food was so good that it was easy to overlook the acoustics.  Like I said, the lamb was just delectable, and once you pair it with the Roquefort sauce, it is the kind of meal that has you oooing and ahhing over every bite.  Mmmmm... can't wait to go back!
4	We sampled BLT a few weeks back.  We had a great time.  The atmosphere is lively.  As one would expect at this type of restaurant, the service was punctual and outstanding.  This is a great place for a romantic evening or a business dinner.  The menu is somewhat limited, but everything we ate was superb.  The wine list was certainly reasonable, skewed toward the "business dinner" end of the spectrum.  Much more than a steakhouse, which is a nice change for Charlotte.
5	Disclaimer: I was here with a big group, we had a private room, had Charlotte semi-celebs with us, and I wasn't paying. That said - everything was delicious! We had a bunch of apps to start - the tuna tartare and the bacon were delicious. While most of my group got steaks, and loved them - i got the bbq tuna. It was amazingly yummy. The sides were excellent too - the brussel sprouts were some of the best i've ever had. Desserts were awesome too - but at that point, I was too full to make note of anything...Service was great - our wine glasses were never empty, and they answered all our questions. I also stole the popover recipe - they were amazing and I plan to make them at home!
3	As you would expect, the service if above average and the steak was cooked perfectly.  I recommend the jalapeno mashed potatoes as your side.  That is about as spicy as the meal gets though.  There is something missing and I can't put my finger on it.  Maybe the place is lacking an intimate feel? Not sure.  Worth trying once though.
4	For lunch they do a lobster and avocado salad that is way better than it should be. I didn't even mind the somewhat heavy-handed cheese. Pair it with a glass of Champagne and that is a pretty fine little lunch.
2	My BLT experience at a table of four, for a business dinner... With trendy contemporary atmosphere and cool soul R&B music the first impression is good. Our Server Ray, pleasant and attentive until a member of our party asked that a house red one be served in a red wine glass rather than what may be considered a white wine glass. Ray in a somewhat condescending tone schooled the table that the glass in question was an all purpose glass and not a white wine glass. Bad enough being educated by your server in this manner, even worse when subsequent glasses of red for the same person were delivered in the all purpose glass rather than the expressed preference that had already been made clear. Overall average food, nothing great... be prepared for Outback quality at Ruth's Chris prices. You may however console yourself as you fork over $100 per head with the gratification of entering the restaurant through the Ritz-Carlton Charlotte lobby.
5	Absolutely delicious! Last weekend I had my second meal at BLT Steak and it was even better than I had remembered. The popovers with sea salt and that delicious butter are amazing. They are huge and filling, so take your time / don't eat it all if you can help it.The crab cake appetizer is delicious and very different from most crab cake appetizer arrangements I've previously tasted. I feel like with a restaurant like this I shouldn't even bother saying it, but the crab cake was actually comprised of real crab. Definitely worth a try! Whatever rub they use on the meat is phenomenal. We couldn't get over how amazing our steaks tasted; aside from the great rub, the steaks were cooked to perfection. The sauces are totally unnecessary given how well they season the meat, but the roquefort sauce or red wine would be great choices.As for sides... The jalapeno mashed potatoes are definitely a good choice. The onion rings are amazing and have a taste reminiscent of funnel cake (something I can't figure out about the batter and/or way it is fried - SO good). But I have to say that my favorite side is the parmesan gnocchi - melt in your mouth status.To wrap it up, peanut butter chocolate mousse dessert (topped with banana ice cream) turned out to be an excellent choice even for someone who hates bananas.Location inside the Ritz makes for a perfect dinner without going far from the hotel if you happen to be staying there. Or if you're visiting from outside of the Ritz, once you're done with dinner you can walk out to the lobby bar which seems to be very much alive on Saturday evenings and therefore makes for a quick transition from dinner to drinks!
4	Quality steaks, good setting, and good service.  I have nothing but good things to say about this place - have been multiple times and it's my favorite place for the steakhouse experience in Charlotte
5	My visit to BLT was prompted by a colleague's mouth-watering description of the steak and short ribs. I've never been to one of these restaurants before, and truth be told, I'm actually wary of "fine dining chains." I feel like nice restaurants lose their touch when they start popping up everywhere. Fortunately, this time around I was pleasantly surprised by my visit. Can't believe people are having such bad experiences here. The quality of the food and service was impeccable.They start you off with a duck or chicken liver patte of sorts. It's a light start in terms of quantity, but the flavor is very rich and powerful. If you like patte of any kind, then you'll certainly love this one. It has an olive oil taste with a hint of thyme. They follow this taster with an incredible gruyere popover. They're also aware of how appealing this take on the "bread basket" is with their diners that they attach a small recipe for you to take home. It doesn't look easy!We ordered an appetizer of tuna tartare, thinking that it would be the same generic display you get at such restaurants. At BLT they've really stepped it up a notch. The tartare (see photo) comes in a large cube shape with differing layers. The bottom layer is made of pure avocado, followed by diced pieces of tuna, and then a fantastic layer of "crunch", not sure what it is, probably some kind of crisped potato or breadcrumbs. On the side are thin, fried pieces of potato riddled with holes, like hatchwork. This dish is simply amazing.For the entree, we chose the 16 oz Del Monico steak with foie gras butter and the Short Rib. These were pretty mind boggling too. The steak made places like Ruth and Flemings look sub par, though the prices reflect that. Menu items can go upward of $40 a dish. The short rib was sliding off the bone, it was difficult to take out of the serving pot. The juices were barbecuey and savory, and the bits of fat left on the bone were a good compliment to the meat. Perhaps what amazed me the most though, were the wild mushrooms that we ordered as a side. These were called "Hen of the Woods" and were so packed with flavor, that they could almost overpower the steak if you ate too much of them. They had been cooked in tons of garlic and seasoned well. Every bite you would notice a different aspect from the last. A bit earthy, salty, leafy... It was $14 for this tiny side, but it was seriously good. trust me. We didn't order dessert, but they gave us two tiny chocolate sponge-like lava-cake-resembling biscuits. These must have been straight out of the oven because they were warm and gooey in the center. What a finish. I will definitely come here again... once I save up a few more $$$. Definitely worth it! The serving staff were all over us too, in a good way. I had no complaints. 5/5
3	i hate being such a picky snobby sob when it comes to steak, prime rib or bone in to be exact. but g damn it i was disappointed. i ordered the bone in rib eye, medium rare and came out medium to medium well. im not gonna send it back because im passive aggressive and like to bitch about on review sites like yelp. i believe for a well established steak house when you order your meats with a certain temp 80% of the time it needs to come as you ordered. unfortunately ive just been here once and i dont feel like testing the odds again. the steak was still good. and i wish their sides were family style. i had a baked potato and it was unmemorable. i dont know maybe ill be back i feel a bit depressed writing this :(
4	We came here for the first night of restaurant week.  It was a hit!Loved the clean and modern atmosphere.  You can see the kitchen from the dining area which I thought was really neat! Our service was also very friendly and professional.The popovers that come out are so good. I am definitely going to follow the recipe on the little recipe cards they give you, which is such a cute touch.Both of our meals were great--the steak frites and the trout.  We cleaned our plates.  The desserts did not particularly shine, but I would be willing to give it another shot during a regular dinner.The miniature brownie bites that come out with your check...now THAT should have been on the dessert menu!
4	Charlotte is awash in good steakhouses and BLT Steak is a nice addition.  I've visited the NYC location so had a sense of what to expect.  Great steak, great wine list, hopefully great service, with a little ambience thrown in for good measure.Bright and modern with a slightly funky vibe, the restaurant is pretty to look at while sipping a wonderfully made martini in the bar before dinner.  (I might stop mentioning martinis in my reviews because they're starting to add up...lol.)  Nonetheless, you can't go wrong here.  My beloved lemon drop was just tart enough to start the evening off nicely.I dined with someone who's probably a learned oenophile and he seemed pleased with the wine choices.  In fact, the sommelier came over after he made a selection from the Paso Robles region and suggested another wine from the same region available via BLT's private stock. While I may not have been able to tell much difference between selection 1 and selection 2, this red blend was divine.  (Oh dear - we're still discussing alcohol...onward Yelpers!)And so, to the meal.  Surprisingly, no wedge with blue cheese, which I love prior to eating steak but the Caesar was good.  Crisp, cold romaine with very fresh Parmesan cheese and housemade croutons.  Lovely.Me - Bone-in ribeye.  Him - New York strip.  Us - Grilled asparagus.  Assessment - awesome!  Both steaks were fresh, prepared to perfection and served in the finishing skillet (I presume).  The marbling in the ribeye was perfect with the bone-in choice providing even more flavor.  There is simply no way any normal human can consume an entire steak at this place.  Quite generous portioning being the reason.No dessert for us as we preferred to continue sipping from that great bottle of wine. Four stars only and I was torn here. Our service was adequate overall (though the sommelier was quite the nice guy), with our server being efficient but not very personable.  Hey - I like a smile with my meal, a little light banter perhaps.  Make the diners feel welcome.  So, taking a star off for that reason alone. A smile costs nothing and gains much.You cannot go wrong at BLT Steak.  Bon appetit Charlotteans!
4	This is a great option for a fantastic meal in downtown Charlotte. I went with some friends for dinner and they had a 50 dollar prix fixe option. Sometimes when you order the prix fixe, they give you pathetic, minimalist portions. But we had a really fantastic and filling meal. The duck salad was fantastic. They also serve this yorkshire pudding bread with your meal and it is really unique and excellent.I had the Swordfish which was a good portion and was well-seasoned. Dessert, chocolate mousse, was the perfect ending.The wine list is good and there are some decent priced options, if you're not interested in buying a 200 plus bottle of wine. There is a reason why BLT in NYC received two Michelin stars. This place rocks!
4	This Ritz gets lower marks than many in other cities of similar size. Our BLT Steak meal was good and service was great, but still only 4-stars. There are so many great steakhouses in Charlotte and some better ones (Fleming's, Capital Grill), but the diverse menu here featuring fish and other dishes makes it a good spot for a group dinner. Bartender, wines and cocktails are superb. Atmosphere is rather casual and appropriately upscale. While it may not measure up to the best Ritz's, Charlotte needs this Ritz! For a massively busy business travel town, there are too few upscale hotels and hotel restaurants.  Our filet of sole was tasty and flavorful, but pricey.  Additionally, the full flavored Caesar salad was a win, but too much on the anchovy dressing (they usually warn you, and should.) GREAT LOCATION, near business center and arena as well as downtown attractions.  B+ Overall.
4	For being a "Corporate Chain" steakhouse, BLT knocks it out of the park. Being in the Ritz Carlton Hotel, one would expect top of the line dining, but this restaurant brings the best of both worlds. This place is perfect for a girl's night out, business meeting, or Anniversary dinner (and that's coming from friends that have dined at BLT for various occasions)Their Blackboard Menu which changes every week is a chef inspired menu using local ingredients to create a one-of-a-kind experience through and through. The American Wagyu steak was one the most tender and tasty cuts I've had, and the Parmesan Gnocci is devine. The Brussel Sprouts are most definitely not your mama's sprouts, absolutely delicious! I would also recommend their Carrot Cake as a sweet ending to the dinner. Best I've ever had!! (All of their desserts are house made, which seems like a rarity in Charlotte these days)The service is impeccable with attentive, knowledgable waitstaff, and welcoming managers that cater to your every need no matter what may happen. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone wanting the Five Star experience, in a warm comfortable setting which provides fun for all!!
4	I've been both excited to try and scared to try BLT Steak based on the wide variety of reviews and overall average of a 3.5 star rating.  This weekends stay at the Ritz-Carlton proved the right time to take a plunge as we knew the weather was going to be a bit windy/chilly so it made sense to make a reservation here vs. venturing out.First things first.  We both enjoyed our meal immensely and there were just a couple things that knock that 5th star off.  Here's the meal:Our waiter brought a small container of some chicken liver pate and a couple toasts as a complimentary starter.  It had a great, somewhat spicy flavor and was a nice way to begin.  They also bring you very yummy gruyere cheese popovers and our server was almost smacked by my wife when he tried to clear her last bite of it too soon!Once it was us paying, we started with the seafood platter.  When my wife heard me order it she raised her eyebrows as she generally sees me willing to shell out bigggg bucks on those things at other high-end joints.  This version is just $35 and to me, not a bad price for what all you get.  Two each of jumbo shrimp, raw clams. One Kumamoto oyster and one Blue Point, a small dish of shrimp ceviche and half of a 1lb lobster.  It comes on ice with three delicious sauces... Mignonette, Dijonnaise, Cocktail.  It was all very fresh and very good.  Dipping the lobster in that mustard sauce was a real winner.We each got a salad.  Her's was Bibb with a nice vinaigrette, and mine was a Caesar.  Both were like endless bowls of salad.  The more we ate, the more it seemed like there was to eat.  In other words, huge!  The Caesar came with some delicious parmesan toasts. The dressing on the Caesar was a tiny bit too sharp for my tastes but, all in all two good salads.My wife got the small filet and I got the NY Strip.  This is where the first partial star knock off comes in that both were just a little overcooked.  Not enough to make a fuss about but still, at this price point, one should expect perfection. Beyond this however, both steaks were very flavorful and had a real nice crust on the exterior.  The Strip may sound a bit small by steakhouse standards at 14 oz but it was 99.9% pure meat.  Barely any fat or gristle remained and that is how I like a steak.  The sides were both very, very good.  Got the BBQ corn with bacon and chives and the potato gratin which had the best crunchy, cheesy, gruyere topping on it!On the service side, things were professional and set a good balance between paying attention to our needs and paying too much attention which is always nice. The only small bobble was our server not having 100% command of the menu when a couple questions were asked.  Very minor thing but, noticeable.  All in all, we would certainly come back here based on a holistic view of the experience.  It's pricey for sure but, that's true of all high-end steakhouses.  I'll keep The Palm as #1 in that category here in the QC but, BLT is an intriguing change of pace that I will try again.
1	BLT Steak is a complete waste of money. I will the pros and cons below. Long story short, a $300 tab for very sub par food is not appreciated. For 1/4th of the price you can get a significantly better meal next door at Rooster's, steak at Morton's, or Southern cooking at King's Kitchen. Pros: -Service was excellent and prompt aside from delaying our steaks. While the waiter was 'fake' nice, water and wine were consistently refilled and they were fairly attentive. -Good wine selection, although *extremely* overpriced and marked up. -Good ambianceCons:-Overpriced everything - wine marked up 10x. 8 oz. steak costing $42 is fine if the steak is top of the line meat, but it wasn't. Very average meat with little flavor and cold! -Sides are too salty. They cover them in salt to attempt to mask the lack of flavor.-Seating arrangements - they are very close together and there is a lack of privacy unless you are in the back corner (which is nice) or the private function room.-Food is VERY average. I was shocked. I am used to living in NY and other metropolitan areas and very happy to pay good money for good food. This was paying good money for mediocre food. There are MUCH better options Uptown - King's Kitchen, Rooster's, Aria, Morton's, Luce. Do yourself a favor and avoid.
2	There are better steakhouses in CharlotteGood steak, not great.  Mediocre service.  Not bad just ok.  Sides were disappointing.  If you are going to spend $50-$150 per person for a good meal there are better steakhouses in Charlotte.  Del Frisco, Ruth's Chris, Flemings and my favorite the Palm.  Overcooked baked potatoes and mediocre service just don't cut it.  Back to the Palm for me!
4	Second time here and the steak was just as great this time as it was the last. Their steaks have more flavor than Ruth's Chris, the only bad thing this time was the service was ok. Our waiter did his job, but wasn't pleasant in doing so. Also, this place is pricey and I didn't pay thus much money for service with a frown. Popovers are very bland but different from the more traditional loaf of bread.
3	A farewell lunch for a coworker landed me here.  I wasn't impressed with the popover bread they serve prior to the meal, it had a strong egg taste that almost spoiled my appetite which is hard to do.  Thankfully, my mushroom and gruyere panini was very tasty and larger than I expected, with lots of fries on the side.  Everyone enjoyed their food and they also offer a small discount for bank employees which is a plus.
5	Top class service. Now, I know why this is considered one of the top restaurants in Charlotte.  I think we literally had 12 different people serve us. Although the breaded poppers are unique..save yourself for the exquisite mouth-watering steaks. It has been a while had a good steak. Usually, I go with the filet mignon's, but the hanger was amazing. Plenty to take home or share. I was pretty excited about the banana ice cream/nutella dessert. When the waiter realized I was on the verge of tears as they didn't offer it anymore, he brought out a chocolate peanut butter mouse that can turn any frown upside down!Park at the Ritz.
2	I went for restaurant week and was very disappointed.  To me the whole point of restaurant week is to show people who maybe wouldnt eat here normally how good it is and want them to come back....this did not happen.  I love steak houses and have just not gone to this particular one before.  When we first got there the atmosphere was nice, and our server was friendly. They did not offer us black napkins even though the white ones were getting all over our black clothes.  I had to ask and then they gave us some...The popovers were good as always..they were a little over cooked, but I love popovers so it was fine.  We ordered the trout and the hanger steak.  The trout was delish! Crispy skin, so good!  The steak... I got med. rare and couldnt even cut through it, let alone chew it up.  I was so looking forward to a good steak dinner and it was a major let down.  I am not one to complain and am not a picky eater, but I feel like I could have done better.  I told the server nicely and showed her how I couldnt cut through it, but that I didnt need anything else, I was fine with my half of the trout ( I was sharing both with a friend).  I noticed people at other tables having trouble with theirs too.  The bibb salad was also a let down, and I noticed that it was very different from the one the person ordered next to me off of the regular menu.  Mine was just lettuce with some shaved radishes and a couple shavings of raw beets and some cheese.  Nothing special...the dressing was good, but I was surprised that they were serving me something so different from their regular menu options.  And by different I mean lacking...The deserts were good..we got the bread pudding (so good) and the chocolate molten cake...there was no molten part...come to think of it now it wasnt hot...maybe they forgot to heat ours up?...anyway chocolate is chocolate so it was fine.  They brought us the profiteroles for free since my steak was an issue which was sweet, but they were not good and look just like the cream puffs you get from the freezer section at the grocery store.  I love a nice dinner out and love steak houses and would have gone back here for a regular meal if I wasnt so let down... The drinks are also WAY overpriced.  I looked at the menu before I went so I was mentally prepared for it, but still...knowing that your one glass is paying for a little over half of the actual bottle kind of makes it a little less enjoyable... I will not be returning to BLT...
3	Nice place. Mushroom risotto appetizer was the highlight of my otherwise mediocre meal. Hangar steak was cook to my order properly, medium rare however I found the outside very salty/strong garlic taste. I was not really thrilled with the presentation of the steak, pre-sliced in a skillet. While the skillet was not offensive I was told by the waiter that I was to take the steak from the skillet  and put it on my plate , this just did not sit real well for me. I found our waiter a bit "snobby" , something I did not expect from a restaurant of this caliber.My wife was given her soup appetizer but had to wait to flag someone don to get a spoon to eat it with.Dessert of profiteroles was again just okay, very forgettable, nothing to write home a bit, actually I thought they were too crunchy and reminded me very much of frozen store bought variety.I probably would not return, I have many other choices here in Charlotte that for the money deliver far better service and meals.
2	While looking for a restaurant to visit for Charlotte Restaurant Week, we decided on BLT Steak as they still had reservations and got fairly good reviews on Yelp. We had a 5:45 reservation, and upon entering, there were...very few people. Oh well, guess we didn't need the reservation. We were promptly seated in a comfy corner booth. The decor is very nice, white curtains and dark wooden floors. Our server introduced himself, and brought our popovers.The popovers were actually very good--especially the top. Warm and bread-y and cheesy and just delicious. We all ordered off of the Queen's Feast menu (Price fixed at 30 dollars for 3 courses). I got the salad, hangar steak, and molten cake. The salad came out and it was probably one of my least favorite salads ever. It was so overly bitter and unappetizing. The hangar steak came next. It was medium rare with french fries and a big 'ol ugly garlic clove. The steak was okay, the flavor was not exceptional. I expected much more from a steakhouse. The fries were very good, though. Dessert was average as well. My cake (and my dad's) were both okay. My mom's bread pudding was pretty good, though.Service was very good. Our water glasses were constantly kept full, and our table cleaned after every course. Our server was very professional and represented the restaurant well.Overall, it was a big disappointment for me. Nobody loved his or her meal, and it was a big letdown. I don't think I'll be returning any time soon.
5	My boyfriend and I were in the mood for drinks and a few bites at a bar. We sat at the bar at BLT steak and were not disappointed! Bartender Jim was awesome. I was feeling indecisive and he made me exactly what I didn't know I wanted. He was also just fun to talk to,  but not at all intrusive. The hangar steak was amazing. Chocolate peanut butter mousse with banana ice cream was unreal. BBQ corn is awesome, too. Will definitely be going back!
5	My initial experience was subpar. Very pricy, the waitress included a 20% gratuity, and didn't let us know that sides weren't included with the entree.That said, I voiced a complaint, and the manager (Keith) called me mere moments after I'd submitted my concerns via email. We talked for about 5 minutes where he assured me my experience was unacceptable. To make it up, he asked that I and the group I was with return for lunch on him. We visited today and...We had a wonderful experience. Steak panini was fantastic as was the squash soup. Service was top notch and I'll certainly return knowing that Keith and his staff more than made up for my initial experience.Thanks Keith and BLT!
5	DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!! Came here on Valentines day for lunch. tuna tar tare -  OMG. so fresh and the sauce was just perfect, tangy and sweet. those potato chips were just uncontrollably addicting. their pop-off bread was amazing. unlike anything ive tasted, with the seasalt. wow. great touch of taste!Lobster salad was very refreshing also. the egg was a nice add. Chinese chicken salad... it was ok... nothing crazy. the location is nice. feels very spacious, there wasnt a lot of people here at the time my boyfriend and I was. but they seated us all the way in the back so we had our alone time. :) definitely will come back when im in NC!
2	Had dinner at BLT about a year ago and was not impressed. The atmosphere and service were great, but the food was just OK. I was expecting much more. I enjoyed the variety of sauces, especially the chimichurri, but the hanger steak was mediocre and didn't justify the price. We ordered a couple baked potatoes as sides and they were massive, but had too much truffle oil to be enjoyable. Might give it another shot one day.
3	Pricey, too pricey for what you get.If thy want to charge what they charge, they should definitely make their wait staff get up to par.Would come back if I had to, but wouldn't do it on my own desires...Meh!
5	Charlotte might not realized how spoiled they are to have this restaurant - BLT stands for "Bistro Laurent Tournel", named after the NYC-based chef-restaurateur. Apparently LT left the group a few years back, but the quality of food and service is still insanely high.**Tuna tartare was one of the best I've ever had**The popovers were so amazing my wife broke her GF streak to try them.**The hanger steak we ordered came out a little late - and they comp'd it. (It was perfectly cooked.)**Bar scene is hot and lively.
4	First time here, went for resturant week and our group enjoyed everything. The service at the bar/dinner was excellent, some of the best we have ever received. The cheese bread and chicken liver pate they brought out was excellent, as well as the popcorn at the bar. Two ordered from resturant week getting risotto, hanger steak, brownie and wedge salad, trout and cheesecake. The other two ordered the burger, one with the baked potato. Risotto creamy and decadant, wedge salad fresh and crisp, the entrees were all excellent and the baked potato was HUGE and to die for... it was definately a meal in itself or could almost be dessert with its richness. I will say this place is pricy... for the food we received and the service it was worth it... the drinks are way overpriced... draft beers $7, mid-grade vodka $12.. and wine marked up way higher than the 'typical' resutrant mark up. I would go back for the burger (at $16 it was excellent) and definately for resturant week again, otherwise for my budget this would be a special occasion place. If you want a whole dining experience I think this is your spot.
3	Steak was tasty but Medium Rare was Rare in my opinion.  Sent back to kitchen and came back burnt on outside, still rare inside, didn't eat the rest.  Bacon app is good, staff is friendly but overall customer service has yet to be desired.  Second night went to Flemings next door, was happier overall with that establishment.
3	Great atmosphere, mediocre food. The decor is absolutely beautiful. It makes me want to throw a dinner party. However, the food is forgettable. I had the grilled lobster, which was good and my friend had the rack of lamb, which was surprisingly bland. We were excited to try the Grits and Gorgonzola, but they were underwhelming. The best feature of this restaurant is that it's a part of the Ritz hotel. On the weekends there is live jazz in the lounge next to the restaurant and the atmosphere is fabulous. It's full of young professionals out having a good time.
5	Great steaks, amazing Tuna-Tartare. Always enjoy the Pate. Wish they they would bring back the real kobe steak. Usually I get the Bone-In Rib-eye when it's on the menu, filet and Wagyu are good too.They have awesome popcorn at the bar. Different  spices each night, they cook it in the kitchen right before opening.Great staff, always a good time at BLT. Good to hear that breakfast is coming back!
5	This place is elegant and delicious. I have been here many times and the bone-in ribeye is my favorite. Well, it's my favorite if you don't count the free popovers they bring to your table with a salt shaker and butter. I literally could just eat those all day but you put it all together and you have one fantastic meal.
1	I've enjoyed dinners at BLT and decided to take friends for luncheon. The lunch experience was pretty bad.The server was ruthlessly inquisitive regarding our personal histories. We've shared enough, stop asking already. The food was quite disappointing. The burger was too tall to fit into a human mouth. And where was that sauce that the menu advertised? Sounded good, I wonder what it would taste like.The lobster salad was over-herbed. Way over.The popover rolls were overly hard-crunchy-crusty on the outside and undercooked-doughy on the inside. However, (like Woody Allen says), they were quite large.The stack of onion rings was the worst I have come across. Half-fried and greezey. I was stunned by the unpalatable cuisine that BLT put on the table. There are other places to have a nice lunch.
5	Wow... where are all these 1-star reviews coming from?  I went last night in the midst of Restaurant Week (did not order off the RW menu) and was still so impressed with the food and service.  We couldn't get a table because of RW, but were able to grab a high top in the bar area.  SERVICE: Amazing.  I tend to have high expectations of wait staff (read: hangry mouse is a "seaward") at nice restaurants, and the BLT servers kept me placated.  Friendly, attentive, and not pretentious in the least.  If I HAVE to critique... the only bad thing I can say is: acrylic french manicures are so not in right now.FOOD: Amazing.  We ordered the tuna tartare, hamachi, spinach salad, and filet.  Everything was delicious and the right temperature.  And let's not forget the popovers.  Huge, fluffy, quasimodo-looking balloons of cheese-bread.  Slather butter on that shit and I am in for some serious carbo-loading.  If I HAVE to critique... the food was on the saltier side.  However, that could be because I was salting the butter.  Whatever, you don't know me, don't judge me.AMBIENCE: Pretty good.  I didn't see the main dining area, but the entrance and bar area was nice.  This place is now in my top 7 restaurants in Charlotte.  (BLT got $$$$ -- I didn't see the check, though... so... unsure if that would make me change my rating.)
2	All reviews are based on price point....Our second visit to this restaurant and it was virtually unanimous....prices are way too high for the food and the experience.  There's absolutely nothing wrong with the preparation, service, and food.  There's absolutely nothing remarkable either. But we all remembered  the meal's expense and the collective group just shook their heads.I don't believe we will return.
4	This a go to spot for us when uptown.  I love that it's not overly loud, and the space is light and open.  The tuna tartar and yellow tail hamachi are delicious.  My husband loves the bone in ribeye with the Gorgonzola sauce.  Other menu items that stand out are the jalepeno mash potatoes, the corn, the onion rings, and definitely the short ribs.I would have given it 5 stars but we have had some issues.  They seem to do fine when it's just the two of us, but when we've gone with groups they have had consistent problems getting the steaks and burgers cooked correctly.  This has happened to one or several people at the table, but again only when we've gone with groups.
5	I was very hesitant to try BLT after a lot of these reviews but I'm glad we did.  We were very happy with our cocktails, salads (huge), and steaks.  The service was good as was the atmosphere.  I think a lot of the reviews were during restaurant week which I feel is not always the best indication of a restaurant.  I would happily return!
1	Really good while dining in, but absolutely horrible as roomService.The popover thingys are amazing(dine-in only). I ordered the grilled lobster, and it had a burnt grill taste to it. Hubby ordered the short ribs, and they were extremely good. Please see the picture of the room service food -- it was actually the SECOND order of extremely burnt food. Could be a nice place, but the inconsistency is scary.
2	Well what can I say. Don't get the wagu skirt steak. What a wast of money and I think it as one of the most expensive steaks on the menu. I should have known being it was a skirt steak. Tough as hell, required alot of chewing.I was really looking forward to a good steak, so I wish I had ignored the recommendation. The portions of the sides were much too tiny for the price. you should have seen the tiny 1/4 cup of jalepeno potatoes they gave me for $10 !! What a rip off. There are better steak houses. Wish I would have went to capital Grill instead, but I wasn't buying. Still what a waste.
2	Such a disappointment. I'd had a wonderful meal at the NY location with impeccable, accommodating service and presumed we'd receive even better in Charlotte where the restaurant was located in our hotel.The first day we tried to get breakfast at 10:31 and were turned away because they shut down at 10:30. When we returned from shopping and tried to get lunch at 2:32 pm we were initially told we were again too late until we asked for a manager who agreed to let us order a few small, cold dishes. Okay, the place is entitled to close between meals - though surprising as they are the only restaurant at the Ritz Carlton.   That evening we had a party of 8 dining and I requested my Dover sole be made without butter and with olive oil instead. What I got was a small piece of  dry fish with olive oil and capers served in side dishes. Seriously? For $45.00?Sorry but this outpost was not worthy of the name or Ritz Carlton location.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, and great servicr.I definitely coming back here for special occasions.
4	GREAT experience at BLT Steakhouse! I'm a foodie AND a former waitress/bartender so I'm very particular about what people call '5-star service' and I was really WOW'd by the food and staff at BLT. We had a group of 12 people and dined in the private room in the back. The waitstaff was courteous, attentive and really went above and beyond. Example: I spilled my cocktail during dinner (admittedly after having a few ha) and instantly 3 waiters swept in to quickly clean up the drink and replaced it with a fresh one before I could blink my eyes. The food was divine - I think between the whole table we ordered nearly everything on the menu. The 'bacon' appetizer was delicious as were the brussel sprouts, popovers, HUGE shrimp cocktail etc etc.  Since everyone around me ordered steak (and we are sharers) I decided to branch out and try the scallops (off of the prix fixe menu) and they were truly some of the best I ever had - seared to perfection with a decadent creamed corn and bacon sauce.I don't live in Charlotte, but if I did I'd be going back to BLT Steakhouse for sure.
3	The bar is the best part of this place. Great cocktails.When I go to a steak place, I order steak because it's a steak place. The 8 oz filet was just OK. I expected a little better considering the price and the name of the place. I thought our sides were bland and boring. The creamed spinach was not good. The brussel sprouts were good but got cold very quickly. Our service was top notch. Donna was a great server and really fantastic at handling our table of 7. The restaurant is loud and it was difficult to hear each other - even someone sitting right next to me. It's a nice place for the hotel but I've had better steaks at that price point.
5	Wagyu steak, creamed spinach, and desserts were amazing. Oysters and Brussels sprouts were okay. Have 5 stars for service, ambiance, food, wine, and price. Nicest restaurant I've been to in Charlotte
4	Great steak dinner, jalapeno mashed potatoes were to die for! Its pricey so save it for a special occasion or a business dinner.also had the double cut grilled bacon- loved it.  waitstaff was attentive and very friendly and the pop overs are AWESOME.
5	This place was phenomenal. I can't say I love chicken liver pate, but all else was great! We're actually going back next week. The popovers were delicious and came with the recipe which was really cool Then we got the porterhouse steak for 2 with green beans and jalapeno mashed potatoes. We've been eating out a lot on work travel and this place was better than McCormick and Smicks, Capital Grill and Ruth's Chris - BY FAR!
5	Yummy!  Went with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  Every item we got was incredible.  For appetizers we got the double cut bacon and shrimp cocktail.  Both realky good.  After apps, the bread service arrived with the colossal popovers that were worth coming her for alone.  The steak comes with a choice of a variety of sauces.  (The peppercorn was amazing.). We ordered every side, which were served family style for sharing.  The favorites were the scalloped potatoes, green beans and the baked potato.  The check arrived with bite size molten chocolate cakes. I highly recommend this place for date night.
4	Went here after celebrating a friend's birthday, so I've already eaten the MAIN course....so had some drinks and just had to order dessert. I mean, this is a FRENCH place, right? The French can certain cook up a mean dessert, and BLT Steak delivered in this arena. I ordered a Crepe Souffle with a Passion Fruit Sauce and it was SCRUMPTIOUS! Very, very light yet flavorful. The outside was clearly "torched" so that the sugars carmelized ala creme brulee. But that passion fruit sauce was to die for! If you're wanting a dessert that 1) won't break the bank and 2) is light yet delicious, get this one!The 2 bartenders (Ashely and Nicole - sisters!) were awesome! Very attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. My only knock on the place was the the wines were VERY EXPENSIVE! Do NOT come here expecting a bargain! The average price of wine was about $15/glass! The Priorat Spanish wine I ordered was superb so that deadened the pain somewhat. But 2 glasses set me back $32!!! The BOTTLE's retail price is around $30 so THAT is some expensive bar wine! But again thankfully, the pours were generous and the wine quality was superb so I was OK with it overall.My friend said she's been here for dinner and that it was awesome. In looking at the prices it better be! For example, a 22oz Bone In Ribeye was $52. I'd pay that IF AND ONLY IF the quality was at least PRIME, and the flavors were sublime. These are NY, Vegas and LA prices. Worth it IF it's really THAT good. I will let you all know.This restaurant is right next to Bar Chocolate, which had some very YUMMY looking desserts. Can't wait to try the full menu of BLT Steak and Bar Chocolate in the near future.
5	I had never been before but I thought, "typical steakhouse, I'm sure it will be ok" I was very wrong. The service was excellent, the wine list was great, the gruyere popovers... Oh my GOSH. The food was wonderful. The interior is rustic/Modern.... love all the wood details. Bright. And a great place for a casual business lunch.
4	It's kind of fun reviewing places after you've been there about five-six months ago.  Sure, a lot of the details start to get fuzzy, but that's where imagination fills in the blanks. Besides, anything that's really memorable, you'll recall the details.This place gets a four for the service but didn't think the dinner was all that special.Came here to catch a nice dinner before heading out to an opera at the Belk Theatre - don't remember if it was Verdi or Puccini.  It's located in the Ritz so the restaurant looked fancy and staff was friendly and helpful.  They even started us off with some complimentary chicken liver pate.  Nice touch.They had some special for that day and I stuck with the small filet.  The filet itself was cooked pretty good, but I couldn't tell for the life of me why my filet looked like it had a tumor growing on it.  Didn't look appetizing, but in the end, it's red meat - I'm gonna eat it.  The sides - asparagus, wedge salad, and tuna hamachi were all prepared fresh and clean and tasted pretty good.The drinks were flowing like crazy... and dinner-before-the-show turned into just dinner.  Blame it on the alcohol, or lack of appreciation for opera!  Either way, the raging drunk side of me (default) said "F THE OPERA! KEEP THE GIN FLOWING, KIND SIR."  On balance, the sophisticated cultured side of me (hah) whispered, "But, but, but the tenor reverberations in Belk Theatre compliments the symphonic undertones of the orchestra!  A true delight for the ears!"  Raging Drunk Dan: "Shut your pie-hole, this GIN'N'TONIC down my gullet is delight for the soul."  Raging Drunk Dan - winner.dmo out.
5	This place was just great! I went to the kings kitchen with some folks and wow! You guys here at blt was great staff was great not rude at all! I will be coming for life bye kings kitchen! thank god real food!
