4	Pita anyone?  Surprisingly good food really.  I love their super mega sampler appetizer!!!  With a table of 8 we were still nibbling politely as our food arrived.  With a table of 4 it almost could have been dinner.  And everything is good and you can read other reviews about the valley locations to hear about the huge platters of food, the friendly service, the fun presentation and how cute the place is decorated.  Here's what you need to know - CHEESECAKE.Oh yes.  I said it.  Cheesecake.  So we got a tip from our server that it's this super secret recipe that their head Chef only makes and then send it over to all locations to sell.  It's been in his family for years and it's won all kinds of awards.  How could we not try it?Oh my freaking goodness.  It is the bestest cheesecake ever.  SO good.  Skip all the great Greek deserts, and get the cheesecake.  You'll be glad you did.
5	OPA! Five stars for this Greek Eatery! I never knew I liked Greek food until I tried My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. I was brought her once by a friend, and after sampling her Tryopita I was in LOVE! Tryopita is a baked pita with three kinds of Greek cheese in side. The tyropita as well as most of the Greek items comes with tasty steamed  vegetables, citrus race, and Greek spiced potatoes. Another great thing about this Mediterranean spot is they offer some American choices as well. So don't be afraid to give it a try! Also My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is open for lunch offering some steals on lunch pitas that come with Greek salads. If it's cool enough eat on their beautiful patio covered in little lights that are grapes!
1	The worst meal I have eaten this entire year...AND the year is almost over.  8 of us  shared a birthday dinner...5 of us got sick.  I had a lamb dish (u know, greek specialty) and found that most of it was in the toilet by 2am....I then spent the next 30 hours in bed, with no strength due to food poisoning.  O MY food poisoning is not f-u-n.  I give this eating establishment ZERO friggin' stars.  I also need to mention that several friends (after my mentioning this meal and occurence) have said the same thing about this particular location of My BIG fat Greek restaurant.  They too have gotten sick after meals here.
3	After the PF Chang Rock n Roll Half Marathon and the recovery potato chips and sweets, we were all dying for some clean protein and veggies. We had the mussels (very good!) and we all had the same dish - chicken something on a pita with greek salad.  The greek salad dressing was disappointing -  greek salad should have oil and vinegar dressing and the dressing that was on our salads was kind of creamy, almost like a bottled caesar dressing.  Service was un-notable and it seemed that our server must have been close to his break, as he brought the check while we were all still eating and picked up plates while one of us was still eating, so that she continued eating after our plates were cleared (this is a pet peave or mine)  It was good...but have more character and authenticity...
3	Well, I'm glad I didn't read the review below before going here, or I'd have just starved--or eaten Hooter's! I have a little food poisoning problem, you see (as in, I hate it, and get it too often). I also don't like chains, but made an exception for this regional one.Actually, I was really grateful to find this place. It was Easter, everything in downtown was closed (and I called around to a half-dozen places), and I was starving. The meals here were insanely huge (like 2 or 3 meals in one--plenty of leftovers) and the "glasses" of wine were generous, too (they're mini carafes). We ordered the red pepper feta dip for an appetizer--delicious. I got the gyro meat special and the meat was incredibly tasty. The BF ordered the moussaka, and his was good, too. Nobody got sick. Sitting on the patio with the waterfalls and scenery of the Arizona Center was good stuff after a long day of traveling for the both of us.
1	I had been to another location, and while the food was acceptable there (not good, just acceptable) it was HORRIBLE here.Our $40 got us an order of pastitsio that  was so dried out and overcooked we could not split it with a knife.  Not even a steak knife. The slices of crispy edged gyro meat I was looking forward to in our Greek salad were nowhere in sight.  Instead we were given an undercooked cubed version of the same.  Our Baba ghanoush was not the light whipped consistency it should have been.... it was a smoky thick heavy texture.  No one ate it. It was left on the plate.The patio was nice.  It would have been pleasant to sit there and eat.... if the meal hadn't been so horrid.The only redeeming quality here was the service.  The waiter a man who appeared to be the manager were terrific.  They were friendly and quick to check on us the whole time we were there.  I hope they find jobs at better restaurants because i would like to be waited on by them again, but I will NOT be going back there.
3	I pretty much get the same couple things. Spanikopita &/or Greek salad, or Gyro. I recently tried the chopped pizza. Surprisingly good!  A thin crust pizza with chopped toppings including gyro meat and pepperoni. I also like the lamb shoulder (not sure if all locations offer this). Its so tender a flavorful! You can't leave w/o having the Baklava for dessert! I think kids under 12 eat free (perhaps select locations)! That's always a bonus for parents! The only 'bad" thing for me is their wine selection has alot to be desired. Great Happy Hour btwn 4-7 and a Reverse Happy Hour after 10. Bon Appetite!
5	A recent trip to Phoenix brought us to M.B.F.G.R.  We had just arrived the night prior and had no dinner, and a very tiny breakfast, so my wife and I were very hungry by the time lunch rolled around.  Our friends took us here saying it was "pretty good."  Honestly, both my wife and I thought it was phenomenal.  Neither of us are red meat eaters, so we both immediately look towards the chicken and fish menu sections of any restaurant we dine at.  We both decided to try the chicken breast entree.  (I apologize for not remembering the exact name of the dish.)  The entree consisted of two smaller chicken breasts, lemon potatoes, rice, and pita bread.  The chicken was extremely moist and tender with a great flavor to it.  The lemon potatoes were unlike anything I have ever had before.  Upon first bite, they tasted really sour, but the more I ate them, the more I wanted.  The pita bread was just your basic pita bread...nothing bad, nothing exceptional.  I stuffed myself so full that I left no room to try the rice.  We both also added the Greek salad to our entree for an additional $2.50 each.  Excellent salad.  Service was fast and friendly.  Food was very very tasty!  The only reason that I would give this restaurant less than a 5-star rating is because they are not in San Diego.  We will be back next time in Phoenix.  Our total bill including soft drinks, tax, and tip was $40.  Great value for the quality and quantity!
2	I am torn between 1.5 and 2 stars.  The 2 stars are mostly in credit of the potential--fantastic menu, decent wine selection, could be good atmosphere.  My experience, however, left a lot to be desired.  It was my first time there and I was impressed with the large selection on the menu and the discovery of one of my favorite wines (Red Guitar) available by the glass.The Monday evening was downhill from that first glance at the menu.I sat for at least 10 minutes before I caught the eye of the manager, who then sent my server over to give me water and take my drink order.  The service continued to be very lackluster throughout the night.  The restaurant was very slow on this weeknight, yet we could never find our server.  She seemed to be absent even when she was standing at our table.  Several requests (an item that came out wrong and needed to be corrected, asking for extra pitas) took a shockingly long time to fulfill.The sundried tomato hummus appetizer just didn't taste right, and the stuffed pepper dish that we got was not at all what I anticipated -- too rich and sweet for my taste.  I was very disappointed with the evening, and won't be able to justify going there again.
3	some of the other reviews of this place are harsh.."I didn't get sick" when that's the best you can say about a Restaurant your in trouble...wow a Restaurant named after a movie how novel...My Big fat Greek restaurant... I would assume have Greek food... What it has Greek in the title but no Baba ghanoush? false advertising... the Mucosa was played by vegetarian lasagna and nothing that I expected.wait there is Ozo and it was good... and the pita might be some of the best I've had. the Hummus was pretty good...Baklava on steroids? with ice cream? really good... but not what I was expecting...MB FGR is to Greek food what Chilies is to Mexican...If your looking for more authentic Greek try Crazy Jim's.it was good just Americanized Greek food... and at least I didn't get sick.
3	the only place that was open on new year's day for dinner at 10pm. we drove into phoenix late that night and were itching for some southwestern cuisine. sadly, none of the restaurants in this plaza was open by the time we got there. MBFGR was still open so we went in and ordered the three hummus plate, the gyro wrap, and a spanikopita. nothing was horrible or bad tasting. we liked what we ate, though i admit i had better greek food in LA. we got a little jealous that we didn't order the obnoxious flambe cheese that apparently came with an entire show. next time, i'd get the burning cheese.
3	We were suppose to go to Paradise Bakery but we passed by this place when a light bulb went off in my coworker's head - "i want lamb!"  So, there we were, ordering chicken and lamb souvalaki for our lunch.  While the service was good, the food was subpar.  The meat was overcooked and tasted dry. The pita bread was a tad bit too hard for my liking.  However, the french fries were yummy.  Unfortunately, this isn't McD so I'm not going back just for fries...
2	It's hard to review Big Fat Greek when you've had obviously better greek food in Phoenix, but here goes.Great service, they do put on a fantastic show when someone orders the "Flaming Feta". Their portions are copious, but the gyro is usually dry, the beer is mediocre, and the pita bread was ok.The positive? Lemon Potatoes. I could eat a vat of those.And that's why they get a two. Good service, good potatoes.
2	Wow, this place (similarly to Kincaid's) was NOT made for crowds.  Lunch took effin forever.  My gyro PITA LUNCH took well over an hour to come to the table.  Come on!  It's already cooked lamb!  All you have to do is slice it and put it in a pita.  It's more like assembly than real cooking at this point!The key difference?  Well, we had additional time AND the waitress was nice and continued refilling drinks and the such.  Unlike Kincaid's.  Would I come back?  The gyro was plentiful and I enjoyed it.  I'd probably try to wait out the crowd next time.  So the answer is, it depends.
4	This is another great iteration of "My Big Fat Greek Restaurant".  I've also been to the Old Town Scottsdale and Tempe locations and this location is just as good.  The food is great and the service is fast.  Try the "Meat Lovers for All" giant platter of goodness: yum!
5	My friend and I ate here while on vacation in Phoenix. We absolutely HAD to eat there after the aromas from the restaurant reached us while we were walking by on the street. We were both offered drinks right away. The waitress was polite and interested. Our food arrived very quickly even though the place was packed with a line around the door on Saturday night. We had the angus beef kabobs and the braised lamb. The plates were huge and the food was really great. I have eaten really great Greek food in so cal and this place rivals the both street vendors and five star restaurants alike. The beef was so tender and had great flavor, it was served with pita, lemon potatoes that rocked my world, rice and a lemon garlic yogurt sauce. I ate everything on my plate and would have kept on going if it weren't for the dessert, will get the that in a minute though. My friends lamb was falling apart it was so tender. I wasn't thrilled with the way it looked, but it was braised and not seared so there isn't much to do about that. I am not a big fan of lamb but this lamb was the best I've ever had. No gamey (sp) flavor at all. She had the same sides as I did, but she also ordered a Greek side salad. It was simple and not very big but the flavor was outstanding. Something about the amount of feta and fresh oregano made it unlike any side salad I'd ever had. No cheap ice burg lettuce and bottled ranch here. It could have stood alone as a main course with chicken or beef on top and I would have been a happy camper. NOW....dessert. Man oh man...Baklava cheesecake with warm honey drizzled all over it. All I can say is that I have searched high an low for a recipe like this ever since I got home. But no luck. There isn't anything out there like this. It was sweet and creamy the warm honey was the perfect pairing for this dessert. I am in California but I would gladly drive all nine hours just to have another slice. SO good. The prices were a bit higher than we were looking to spend for dinner especially in a college town, but it was worth it. 25 bucks a person including drinks, and dessert of course.
3	Loved the place.. the decor.. the atmosphere.. the waiter was a 5.. BUT.. and heres where I know I get picky.. Ive been to Greece.. the Greek Islands, too.. I just wish there were more authenticity to the menu .. THE entree menu.. gyros yes! Pasta???? What? I found the main menu to be more Italian than Greek.. with the exception of the appetizers.. which I adore.. I always get the greek platter.. with dolmades.. meatballs.. hummus, etc. YUM.. Not a fan of the flaming cheese doused in ouzo.. but thats just my own personal taste... Its presented wonderfully.. and flaming! Ooompah to that!
1	If you want real Greek food, don't eat here. One look at the menu and I was concerned. They had pizza, salads, pasta, sandwiches and burgers. The Greek fare was limited to the most popularized dishes. Maybe you could say it's a Greek-inspired menu. They seem to want to cover all the bases. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants and this place reinforced that.  If you want a more authentic Greek food experience try Greektown on 7th Street.This restaurant has been around for years and I know people who think it's great. My brother and his wife eat here regularly and have good things to say about it. So when they invited us to tag along, I thought why not? I should have declined. I am sure I'll never eat here again.We were immediately turned off because there had been a cigar smoker out on the patio (turns out it was the owner)and since the doors were propped open, you could smell the cigar inside. Gross. We asked to move to another table further away.The best part of the meal was the calamari appetizer, which was nicely battered and not overcooked. It was served with a marinara sauce and a roumelade sauce. A nice touch perhaps, but that's not Greek. We shared a pitcher of red sangria which was overly sweet and didn't taste like it had much wine in it.I chose the lamb shanks which were OK but nothing special. They were served with lemon potatoes which were extremely salty and steamed veggies which were pretty limp. This dish also comes with Greek rice but I asked not to get a second starch in lieu of more veggies. If we got more veggies then it was a pretty skimpy portion.My brother got the gyro platter. The meat looked like leather. I tried a piece and it was dried out and unappetizing. Hey, gyro meat should be one of the best things at a place like this. I cannot recommend this restaurant. Oh well, live and learn.
2	How slow can a restaurant be? Certainly not slower than this place, despite being only a quarter full at best.  Some friends wanted to meet here for lunch today thinking we'd be out in less than an hour, but apparently that was asking too much, despite the fact that our horribly complicated order consisted of only two salads, a side of steamed vegetables, and a kid's meal.  After waiting so long for our order to be taken and to get our food, we asked for the check right away because we had to eat and run.  While we continued to wait for the check, numerous other tables got served and all the servers joined in a signature birthday chant at another table.  eventually they got around to bringing our check.  And then came the dilemma of breaking a $20 bill.  Nearly 20 minutes just for that.  WHAT were they thinking???  They weren't busy and there were plenty of staff around.So onto the food...  I had the Village Salad, a chopped blend of onions, cucumbers, green peppers, olives, tomatoes, etc.  with no lettuce.  Very tasty.  In the past I've had the hummus - it's fine, and the tsaziki - it's fine.  The service at previous visits was fine.  I would have gone with 3 stars if not for the horrible service today.
2	My favorite Middle Eastern restaurant in all of eternity is Haji Baba in Tempe. Is it any wonder, then, why I am so deflatedly underwhelmed by MBFGR? If you want a real hamburger, you don't go to Denny's, you go to Chuck Box. My analogy stands. Totally bland and mediocre food, flavors distilled to barely detectable levels for the masses. The saginaki is good, but not bursting with tangy lemony sizzling energy like it should. The server's half-hearted "opa" was fitting. They don't even light it next to the table anymore, making me wonder if their liability insurance put the kibosh on such activities after a particular incident, maybe or maybe not involving the singing off of a customer's facial hair. The spinach salad was absolutely coated in a syrupy balsamic dressing that was practically cloying in its sweetness. The pita is good, although its thick, spongy, white-bread consistency isn't particularly what I expect in a good pita. The sangria was a tick superior to Boone's. Meh all around.
3	Last night was the first time my wife and I have ever dined at MBFGR. I do not understand why so many people are crazy about this place. There was little about this restaurant that I found superb. Atmosphere: 4 stars My wife and I sat on the Patio since the weather was quite pleasant. They have candles lit on all the tables with grapevines draped above. The patio was well-equipped with space-heaters. The Silverware was neatly wrapped in a fresh linen napkin. Actually, I was quited impressed with presentation on some of the menu items. Our bruschetta was presented beautifully on a tile-like designed plate. I've rarely seen a restaurant use such expensive plateware. Food: 3 to 4 stars The bruschetta was excellent. I'd possibly go back just for that. However, this was NOT your traditional recipe for bruschetta. Most recipes, and therefore restaurants, serve bruschetta on a very hard, more thinly sliced, crusted bread. This was much softer which was very refreshing. Also, they serve it with a marinara sauce for dipping. While the sauce itself was nothing special, it is a nice twist on the recipe. Oh yes, its still topped with the usual tomatoes, Parmesan, balsamic vinegar, and what's that?? green onions?? yup, good stuff. For entrees, my wife ordered a White Pizza which was a pizza with Alfredo sauce, mozzarella cheese, basil, and chicken. I had a couple of pieces. I was not impressed. Too much chicken, not enough basil or Alfredo sauce. It lack great flavor. I ordered a pita since that's what I was craving. I was hoping for so much more from a well-reviewed Greek restaurant in the valley. No, romaine lettuce, only iceberg?! The Tatziki sauce was SO BLAND. I'm not even Greek and I make better Tatziki than that at home and I don't even use real Greek yogurt in mine. Also, the chicken should be a bit more chopped. The big pieces don't allow for proper and even distribution between the chicken, tomatoes, onions, lettuce, etc. Simply put: I'VE HAD BETTER PITAS AT THE MALL. Service: 2 and 1/2 stars Having worked in the restaurant business, I know that patio sections are not always staffed with it's own server. You can usually expect slower service on the patio. However, definitely did not pay us enough attention. She did not introduce herself -- no name. She did not mention any of the extra charges for substituting items. Not cool. And she did a "fly-by-how-is-everything?" once without even taking time to stop at the table. She literally did not stop walking past us while she asked. Now, the food-runners were extremely helpful, polite, and understanding. If it wasn't for them, I would've been so upset I would have asked to speak with a manager. Cleanliness: 3 and 1/2 stars The bathroom needed some deep cleaning attention and restocking. But other than that, the restaurant look clean overall.
4	Lots of great things to say about this location which now serves a huge breakfast menu. The Sausage Sandwich is amazing as are the pizzas especially the "Chopped Pizza" You will experience a wide variety of choices on the menu all the food is fresh and the service is outstanding. Plenty of outside seating and a bar area with flat screen TVs. Greek is not always my first choice of food however this quality casual dining experience keeps me coming back. Opa!
3	This is the best Greek food I've found in AZ.  Try their lamb kabobs, or lamb chops and Tzatziki and pita bread. Nice waiters, too! Good stuff!
3	We eat here all the time because it is so close to our office.  I gave it 3 stars because it is good, not great.  Pita is awesome, everything else is OK.Nice place, nice atmosphere, good service, but don't feel its overly special.
4	This is one of those great little gems to go to at lunchtime. I've never had bad service, the food is good, the waitstaff friendly and the prices are right. Just all around a good place to go. And the sangria!  Try the red; the white is good but the red sangria is to die for.  If you're a sandwich person, try the Greek Club (not even sure that's the real name of the dish but you can't miss it).  A HUGE serving; two people can split it.  If you're near Tatum and Shea, head in for a great meal any time.
3	Craving lamb kabobs we tried MBFGR.  My guest ordered the lamb kabobs that come with roasted potatoes and a broccoli/cauliflower mix.  He loved the lamb, nice portion.  But the potatoes and vegetable mix were unremarkable.  Passable.  Perhaps a little garlic on the vegetables might have helped.  I had a pork souvlaki.  It came with a greek salad.  Pork was perfectly cooked and delish.  I am glad I didn't have the full dinner only to  suffer with the potatoes and tasteless veggies.  Management:  fix those veggies.  Do something!  We found the desserts to be overpriced ($7) so we didn't partake.
3	Went to this place for lunch. I've spent a lot of time in Greektown in downtown Detroit, so I'm very familiar with good Greek food. The atmosphere is fun (like most Greek spots), and servers were a young, attentive, and attractive group. The food is pretty good and there was a large enough crowd to justify the 18 minute wait for my meal. All in all a pretty good lunch spot...heard that the expanded happy hour really packs 'em in, so naturally I HAVE to go back to get my OPA on!
4	Food is good. We do take out from there a lot. Enjoy the Gyro platter with the lemon flavored rice .The saganaki was a bit of a disapointment and over priced, but the calamari was excellent and great value for the price. The chocolate cake was tasty but again a bit high priced
2	Been here a few times and my experience seems to get worse each time. While I love the service, I just feel like everything there is dirty. The menus don't seem to be washed down and upon going into the restroom this last time, there was gunk on the sink handles and the automatic paper towel dispenser wasn't working. After leaving the bathroom, it didn't matter what the food tasted like or how the service was. I just wanted to go home and wash my hands with rubbing alcohol (which is actually what I did right when I got home).
2	Great flaming cheese appetizers...but entrees are on cold plastic plates.  Nothing stays warm on their cold plastic plates.  If they could serve their hot food on heated plates like in most Mexican restaurants, the food would be more enjoyable to eat warm.  Same goes with the pizzas.  By the time the food is served, the plastic plates have sucked the warmth right out of the food, so the food is cold.  Plastic is okay for salads, but, please turn up the heat on the hot food dishes.
4	I stopped in here with a buddy of mine after golf for lunch, and we both really liked it.  I had a gyro and greek salad, and both were very enjoyable.  I loved the taziki sauce. (I think thats right).As noted is some of the other reviews, it is casual dining.  Plastic plates and all.  I just didn't mind.  Service could be a bit faster, but the food was great.  I'll be going back.
5	Wow...tasty, tasty, tasty! The variety of hummus is amazing...warm, toasty pita...the lamb was so tender and the spices were amazing! My friend who's shy about trying new things dabbled in everything, but most of all loved the flaming cheese, Saganaki...OPA! We usually pass on dessert but who could pass on the baklava cheesecake! The staff was so polite and just so on top of everything! The owner came over to chat and it was wonderful to learn he was Greek and we really appreciate the Ouzo shots...talk about Greek hospitality! I wish we had one of these up in Flagstaff. The food brought me back in time when I was in Mykonos! Can't wait for my next trip to Phoenix to try something different at My Big Fat Greek restaurant and to enjoy the nice patio!
1	Came here for a couple of cocktails with a girlfriend around 4:15pm.  We sat outside on the patio.  There were MAYBE five occupied tables in the whole restaurant including ours, and probably 5 staff members setting up for the evening shift.  We got our first drink at around 4:20pm, didn't even get checked on until at least 25 minutes later.  The server that was obviously assigned to our table knew we were there?!   He had no problem chit-chatting with us when we first came in at our table.  During that 25 minute wait, a lady walked by and we literally said excuse me, Excuse me ma'am, EXCUSE ME, MA'AM.  There's no way she didn't hear us.  She totally ignored us.  I finally went inside and kindly asked the lady pulling down the sun shades to send our server outside.  10 MINUTES LATER, he comes out.  Long story short, we leave.  They knew we were upset.  We were so disappointed!  HORRIBLE SERVICE!  Sir, the fact that you were 'changing your shift' is not an excuse.  You were there when we got there and you're still here!
5	Simply the best Meditteranean food in AZ. I love their Lamb Shanks and when im not too hungry the Gyro wrap or the Pork Souvlaki is spot on. The service is great and I love the Greek beers on tap. The calamari is a must. When my son was little he was a big fan of their avgolemono soup.
5	Greatness in the form of food, just like the other locations. The service was particularly good at this location. We sat at the bar,and while the other customers were mildly annoying, the late night bartenders were up beat, witty, and very personable.The atmosphere was par for the course.All in all, if you are reading this review, get your directions to this location, close the browser, and go eat!
2	Be sure to try the hummus sampler!  Different flavors that I have never enjoyed before, all really good. Loved the outdoor seating, perfect for a sunny, spring day!I tried a lamb dish...silver skin was not removed before cooking = WAY TO TOUGH TO EAT!  Others in my party really enjoyed their food.  I would give it another try...just stay away from the lamb.  Sides were good.
4	I hated Greek food, until I tried this place. My "health nut" girlfriend had to drag me to this place, kicking and screaming. After all, my long ago experiences with Greek food consisted of soggy grape leaves and poor little baby lambs. On my first visit, I ordered cautiously: a grilled chicken pita with French fries lunch platter. The chicken was well seasoned and the pita bread nice and chewy. It was filled with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, red onions and served with a side of delicious tzatziki sauce (refreshing cucumber yogurt). I couldn't believe how much I liked it! A few days later, I dragged my husband in, kicking and screaming like I had done before. Surprise - he loved it too. In addition to the pitas, this time we ventured out (a little bit) and ordered some different items. The Greek fries - wonderful golden crispy fries covered with both feta and Parmesan cheese and a tangy lemon mustard sauce. And the Greek salad, a tasty blend of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onions, peppers, olives, topped with feta cheese and tossed with a creamy Greek dressing. Since then, we've eaten here many times and continue to explore and expand our menu choices. So far, so good. Now it's our go-to place for healthy eating and also if we just want a fun atmosphere. There's music and often Greek dancing in the aisles and sounds of "OPA!" coming from the kitchen. Nothing better than to sit back with a pitcher of Sangria, a good meal, and enjoy the fun.
4	The food is great!  very authentic, especially the starters (Humus, tseziki, dolmades...). They have a plate with all kind of starters that is very delicious!!!We came back the day after and had Musaka that was very tastyThey don't have  sophisticated place, but if you are looking for great and tasty Greek food - this is definitely the place
3	On my first visit to My Big Fat Greek restaurant, three of us chose to split appetizers and a large salad for lunch.  An unsatisfying lunch, probably due to our choices, and not ordering a main dish.  Our best dish was the spanokopita, a phylo filled pastry with spinach and cheese.  The other dishes were just okay.  A flaming cheese dish was tasty, but the 3 foot high flames were just scary - don't come near me with that!  We tried the baba ghanoush, an eggplant dip, but the pureed mixture was not as good hummus.  Usually a Greek salad is chock full of feta and veggies - this was not!Our unfriendly  and abrupt waiter was a minus!
4	On one of our trips to Phoenix, my husband and I were looking for a nice place to eat  close to our hotel and saw this place.  We were not disappointed.  The food was very good and this place definitely lives up to its name when it comes to the portions.  It was definitely big and fat!!
3	The food is pretty good, not the best I've ever had but not the worst. The flaming cheese is always a fun treat. A friend ordered a calzone and it turned out to be my favorite thing I've ever tried there. Their service tends to be slow, so don't think this is a good place to grab a quick sit down lunch!
5	Was in AZ for work purposed and I'm so sad I discovered this place towards the end of my stay. My co-workers came here twice and we loved everything we ordered. I personally loved the chicken plate and the hummus sampler, but one thing I adored was the dessert . . .Greek Honey Balls! This has got to be one of the best desserts I've had. It makes me sad we don't have this place in CA.
2	I've been here several times before.Saganaki was delivered without Opa!  That is part of the delivery in every Greek restaurant I've been to.Food not as good as before. Gyro lukewarm, not hot. Fries came crispy just like I ordered. Bread DELICIOUS. After food delivered never saw my waitress again. Had to stand at the register to get my bill and even then, she was talking to another worker. Why is it so hard to provide good, if not exceptional customer service?I'll try another Gyros place because this one doesn't seem to want my business.
4	The Gyro Wrap is quite tasty along with the salad and affordable for under $10. There is just enough food for my husband and I to share although I must say he hogs the wrap... The staff is very friendly as well. A good place to try for a good mix of decently priced and good tasting Greek foods. On the weekends they have the classic "old Greek looking guy" playing some tunes on his piano for your enjoyment as well.
3	I go here for lunch every now and again. Great gyros and salads, but service has always been really slow here. I guess at lunch it makes sense, it can be kind of busy - but most of the time it really isn't that busy. The manager mostly just sits and watches tv (or maybe he is the owner?) and doesn't check on any of the tables. Have had dirty silverware and glasses on 2 occasions which is never good.
3	Only my 2nd time at a My Big Fat Greek restaurant. First time at this location though. We ordered the humus trio for appetizer (garlic, roasted red bell pepper, and jalapeno cilantro). The hummus was good. I think I made the mistake by ordering their spaghetti and meatballs dish. The meatballs were more like meat logs and didn't have much flavor to them.  The dish overall lacked sauce, as if their were being stingy with the sauce.  I didn't finish my dish.
1	Just isn't very good.I don't understand why people give this place even three stars.  It's rare for me to give a place a low rating, but, My Big Fat Greek restaurant is nothing but gimmick anymore and has gone from bad to worse.   The food is not even close to any representation of what good Greek food tastes like.I've been to this place several times over the years.  This location and others.   It used to be just on the lower end of OK...  it's never been as good as you can get from a 'Ma and 'Pa place.  However, we went for lunch the other day and it's just gotten to the point I wouldn't even go back for a quick bite.We ordered the garlic hummus, and it was overly full of garlic and not home made.  It seemed to be loaded with garlic powder, as opposed to fresh hummus that just had roasted garlic in it.   The olives we ordered were rough at best.  UGH even thinking about them.  Overly seasoned and not very fresh.   The rice was over cooked and was so soft it lacked any sort of texture.The first rule of good let, alone great food, is FRESH.   This place needs a rescue.Less critical, but, I think an overall representation of what has happened to the place, the menu's were totally trashed.   As in ratty, tattered, and dirty.  The lamination was coming off them and they were dirty. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
4	I'm Greek, so I wasn't so sure about a Greek chain...Until I had the Greek fries.  If loving them is wrong, I don't want to be right.  The Greek salad and Avgolemono soup are also very good!  Great staff and I haven't been there yet where it's been overly crowded.  Overall, it's good food at good prices.  Opa!
4	My wife and I enjoyed our Saturday night dinner at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. This place has ample space on the patio along with strategic placement of the heat lamps. We opted to eat outside on a chilly evening while about 95% of the other diners where inside. So we basically had the gorgeous patio to ourselves and had a great time.Our server was attentive, although a little too heavy on the upsells. My wife had the Pork Souvlaki which consisted of 2 skewers, house salad and rice. I sampled the skewers and can vouch that they tasted excellent. I had the Lamb Shank in what seemed to be cooked in a tomatoe type sauce along with sliced zucchini and squash with potatoes and a few pitas. I enjoyed my meal. Not the best tasting lamb I have ever had, but enough to get the job done. Our meal was about $40 before tip.
2	Service is always good.  Last meal I tried the mussels and was disappointed that they included broken shells and did not de-beard the mussels.  Too bad, because the food here is usually fairly good and consistent.
5	Just to start - have a homemade Margarita.  They come in several different flavors.  The staff is super friends and knows everything about the menu.  I have not had anything bad here that I wouldn't recommend.  I did try the variety of Humus and was not thrilled with all of them - but anything else was AMAZE!
4	Under new ownership ... The already awesome gyros taste better than ever and so does the baklava! One of my favorite restaurants and I can walk to it!
3	If the review was just based on the food I would give My Big Fat Greek Restaurant a 4 maybe 5. However, the service was just so terrible I had to downgrade to a 3. I don't mind waiting for a table on a busy night but it is frustrating to have to wait when you see many open tables and no one really moving quickly. Once we were seated we didn't see our waiter for 10-15 minutes when I finally went and spoke with the hostess. Eventually our waiter came and he was very apologetic but again after taking our drinks went missing again for another 10-15 minutes. This went on for the rest of the night....I don't know if this was an off night?I will say the hummus is better than anything you could make at home and the gyros are delicious. Just make sure to bring your patience
4	They haven't messed up my Gyro yet. Works for me. This time I also tried the grape leaf wrapped appetizer thing that the name of it escapes me. They were delicious. The night was perfect and we sat on the outdoor patio which made it even better. I'm always a fan of My Big Fat Greek Restaurant and I'm an even bigger fan of the waitresses and hostesses they hire. Ha ha ha. BOOYA!!!
5	my husband and i ate here thursday night. i had chicken skewers and veggies, and lemon roasted potatoes. the dish was amazing. my husband had the gyro meat platter with rice and veggies, and it was also incredible and full of flavor. the service provided by hannah was excellent. we are from out of town and highly recommend this restaurant. a+ thursday 6:30 pm
5	Love this place.  Great food, large portion sizes, great service, and reasonable prices.  All Big Fat Greeks are pretty much the same to me and I love them all.  I know its not hoity toity fancy schmancy, but I don't care.  I enjoy prompt service, large portions of good food, and consistency and this place delivers all 3.
1	Have not been there in a while.sorry I came back, Place smell like Pine Sol real bad! Bearly no meat on the Gyro pita no dressing on the Greek salad.
4	A nice place for lunch. Service is pretty quick. The beef and lamb gyro is really good. The Greek salad was a-ok.
3	Well, I see tons of reviews with little to no stars, but I've eaten here three times and the food was really good each time! Yes, the ambiance isn't 5-star (with the dusty fake greenery and dated tile throughout, but c'mon - it adds charm)! The last time I went, we got the $5 pita lunch specials. A lot of food for a mere $5. My pita (the caprese) was loaded with chicken and the pita was definitely fresh. With an appetizer the bill came to $18! My only complaint is that it took a long time to get our entrees, but otherwise, I'd recommend going.
4	I have tried other locations and I don't remember being impressed.Coupons brought me here twice in the last few months.First time it was for lunch and we ordered chicken and pork skewers. They were both good, meat was juicy and I like the lemony flavor of the potatoes and rice. The rice was super good.Last night we went for dinner and the hostess and server were very friendly.We ordered the salmon, gyro plate, and I ordered a pita sandwich with gyro, chicken and bacon. Name was Aegean club. It was really good, all very tasty, with lots of fries. The sandwich portion was huge, it was 2 whole pitas, and cut in quarters, with lettuce, tomato and tzatziki sauce.We also had baklava, and it was fairly good. Not too sweet.We ordered chipotle hummus and it was flavorful and spicy. The portion was reasonable and it came with pita and cucumber slices (I like the idea of cucumber).I like their passion fruit teaCons- Hummus comes with very few pita and cucumber (I think 4 each). We asked for some more pita and they brought a plate with a lot of pita, and they charged us for it : ( - All drinks are $3.00 (even coffee). I think $2.00 or less is very reasonable, but $3.00 is pricey for tea or a soft drink.
4	the food is hit or miss. however it is delicious most of the time. a couple times i ordered something weird sounding and it was weird tasting. i wouldn't recommend trying anything you've never had before. however their greek fries, "fire" cheese appetizers, and steak medallion entree is absolutely mouth watering. their fallafel sandwich is ok, the greek dressing is good. NOT AS AUTHENTIC AS SOME GREEK PLACES B/C ITS A CHAIN, BUT STILL PRETTY GOOD. they don't explain the menu enough though-that is a complaint since it's all in greek words. service was good.
1	My husband would give My Big Fat Greek 0 stars, but I'm going to give it 2. We actually used to go to the location in Scottsdale, and we've also been to this location many times. We always enjoyed our meals there.We didn't have it tonight, but I especially like the Bruschetta. It's a huge portion. I like the grilled foccacia and all that tops it, including tomatoes, basil, hummus and sweet balsamic reduction. It's served around a nice marinara sauce that is also topped with a bunch of junk. This is the highlight.On this trip I got a large Greek Salad. I like the creamy type greek dressing.. it's atypical for Greek salad, but I'm into it. I also like the warm pita that surround the large bowl. I get a little side of jalepeno cilantro hummus and dip away. My husband got chicken and lamb souvlaki tonight. The wooden skewer broke into his lamb so he had to do surgery to remove it. The lamb had gristle, the chicken was under seasoned. The side vegetables were undercooked and cold, and the rice was tepid. When the manager came by asking how everything was, my husband gave him the FYI- and he was kind and ordered us a dessert. We declined. My husband was turned off by the chipped plate of his appetizer salad, a cricket crawling along the ground (in all fairness the door to the patio was open), and the light above our table flickering on and off. We had a savvy dining coupon for buy one entree get one free and our bill still came to $30. We had to order two drinks to get the coupon. My husband got a Sprite, and I asked for a hot decaf tea. They said they had chamomile, but then came back to tell me that they're out of all decaf teas, so I got an apple juice I didn't drink.The $30 meal included:Lamb and Chicken Souvlaki meal with side Greek SaladLarge Greek Salad with ramekin of hummusSpriteApple JuiceWe thought it was pricey for a buy one get one deal. The drinks were $3 a piece, so really we just got $3 off of my salad, because if it weren't for the coupon we wouldn't have ordered drinks.Our waitress was very nice.Edited: I had to drop it to one star. My husband had serious stomach issues the whole night.
3	I have been coming to this restaurant for several years now, back when Eva use to be the bartender on Friday/Saturday nights. The place has unfortunately become more deserted since then and I have noticed the portions have gotten smaller and smaller.  The waiter/ waitresses have become more, for lack of a better word, colorful. Pink hair, tattoos, excessive facial piercings and highly unprofessional attire and attitude. This place use to be one of my absolute favorite spots and now I seem to avoid coming back. I was here for lunch last week and I was again unimpressed. The plate I was served was cracked and it seems as if there is no more pride in serving great food on whole plates. Again the serving size has been cut in half, however the taste of the food is still there.
4	Great Food and Great Service. Nice and clean Greek food eating experience. If I wanted to improve something It might be the deserts. I'm not saying they are bad. But I have tasted better ones elsewhere in the Valley.
4	My family and I enjoy visiting My Big Fat Greek Restaurant every month or two.  It's a great restaurant whether for large groups, smaller gatherings, happy hours, or special occasions.  I went yesterday with a group of four.  Between the four of us, we got the dolmades, the three hummus dips with pita, a chicken souvlaki plate, and a chicken souvlaki pita.  Lo and behold, all four of us were stuffed by the end of the meal.  Though we didn't order the flaming cheese appetizers, it's always fun to say OPA with everyone else!  Parking is pretty easy, there is usually a short wait time for food, and friendly service.  While the prices are pretty reasonable for dinner, the lunch specials are actually quite good.  I have been to several locations of My Big Fat Greek Restaurant though the location at Tatum and Shea is the one I've been to most often.
4	We had a motorcycle meetup at this restaurant, and I was positively impressed.  Bathrooms are clean.  Restaurant is clean.  Service is excellent.  And I had a vegetarian pizza, which was very good.  The location is great with plenty of well lighted parking.  Overall, I would say this restaurant is an excellent choice for eating out because the menu has lots of different food choices (ex. I like to eat vegetarian).  Quantities are on the large side, so you might want to split some items with another person in your party.
2	This place was pretty dead on a Friday night. Maybe it's because there are a lot of other options in this area. I know there's a Z Tejas around the corner and another trendy restaurant near here too.That's kind of a shame. It always sucks to see more staff members hanging around than there are diners. I ordered the feta burger. I've had this several times before. It's really good. I ordered fries along with it and I wasn't too pleased with them. It tasted like they gave me the "end of the day" fries. It was very oily and not too fresh. I only had a few bites. My wife got the spanikopita. That was good. The waiter let us sub out the rice and stuff for pita bread.The server was nice. But for really no one inside the restaurant, the service was very slow.
4	Great food and atmosphere. They have great vegetarian options and the food is very fresh and clean tasting.
3	This location tends to hire idiots as servers. We've had numerous occasions with socially impaired waiters. We've sat down at sticky tables, in direct sunlight, and next to the loudest group in the restaurant. One waitress failed to give us the happy hour menu or even mention it was happy hour, but then gave it to the table she seated right after us.The food is 3 or so stars. Not divine by anyone's imagination, ok to speak the truth.The major plus, is that it's in our neighborhood.
1	My boyfriend and I went tonight and there were hardly any tables. Sat without being even noticed for 15 minutes to be greeted by a waitress with an attitude and a manager that couldn't fix it. We had a water and a tea and she couldnt remember who got what. Really??  I decided to leave and spend my money elsewhere. It's too bad because we actually like the food there. This is a place to visit on the weekend. Not for a night after work when you have expectations and just want to be taken care of. Very disappointed!!
3	We had a Groupon for this spot and decided to give it a try since we love Greek food and it's not too far from our place. When we walked in we were greeted pretty quickly and asked to sit outside, even though it was a bit warm at the time, they had a great deal of misters. We started with the traditional hummus, which was honestly the best part of the whole meal.  If we go back I'll probably just have this as a meal! We also had the Lamb Souvlaki - which was tasty, but the meat was just a bit tough.  The drinks we had were made well by the bartender.The service was done well, but was definitely on the slow side, which may have been due to us sitting outside when there was only one other group out there also.Overall: BVery "A-OK" place to go if you like hummus and drinks! We will probably wait on another Groupon if we go again.
3	We like Greek food. This is the best in the area though it is not as good as some in other cities. We came for lunch. My wife had the souvlaki plate which had pork and beef souvlaki, I think as well as some sides on the plate. I had Athenian pasta which was noodles with different cheeses including mithra which I like.  This was very rich and I remembered it later through indigestion. I paid extra for a Greek side salad. It was not well put together compared to others I have had being a lot of lettuce, about 1/8 of a tomato in cubes and one kalamata olive in a place of honor. There may have been some cucumber slices too. Retsina wine is my drink of choice at Greek restaurants. It was ok here. Service was not good.  We waited several minutes to be noticed once seated. The waitress was nice but I hate the excuse of being short staffed as a reason for bad service. I did correct the bill which otherwise would have undercharged us. We will be back though not immediately.
3	My husband and I disagree on this one. I say 3 stars, he says 4. I took into account the value, service, taste and atmosphere and a couple things were lacking. First, service. It took forever to take our order, get our drinks, etc. There were 5 of us and we ordered the hummus trio which was tiny. There were about 2 spoonfuls of each hummus and 2 sliced pita bread. Value was not great for what we got. However, I had the avgolemono soup and it was freaking delicious. My husband had the Pastitsio and adored it. Only it was made with ziti instead of the claimed macaroni. He also loves the gyros there which is why he gives it 4 stars.
3	The food was alright. Ordered the feta burger. Service treated me well. I would probably just come back for happy hour.
3	We've had dinner here several times over the past few years. It's changed recently and just doesn't seem to have the same ambiance that it once did. They used toplay Greek music and periodically the staff would dance throughout the restaurant. None of that happens anymore. It used to be lively and fun and the food was always really good. On our recent visit, the restaurant was nearly empty. The music from the speakers was Spanish guitar, not Greek. It was loud almost to the point of annoyance. The  service was swift and the food came out piping hot. The meat was tender and the lemony potatoes were very good. The grilled vegetables were disappointing. They consisted of bland yellow squash, and a chunk of carrot and broccoli. The portion sizes seem to be less than they used to be. It's not a bad choice when you're in the mood for Greek food, but sadly it's just not anything special.
3	Ive been here twice and the food is average for greek food.  Im from chicago and would always go to greektown there  so I am stilll searching for a restaurant up to that par. I usually love greek chicken but found the chicken was a little bland here. The lemon rice soup was ok too but I noticed both times I had it it was only lukewarm. The servers I had both times were very nice.
4	Of the many Calamari Salads I have tasted in various restaurants in various cities, I would have to say this place has the best tasting one. It is cooked just right with outside being crispy and yet the Calamari is never overcooked to the point that it becomes chewy.The Falafel is also authentic with just the right amount of spices and seasoning. Again, the falafel is cooked to perfection.The service is average to good, a bit on the slow side. The staff, once you get their attention will be prompt in getting you the things you need.
3	I'm a regular.  We order to-go at least once every month or two for last 3-4 years.  Seems in the last year the quality and reliability (every 3-4th order is wrong) has gone down.  Even when they try to check the order before we leave it seems they've missed something.  The quantity of giro meat in the salads has lessened considerably over the last 2 take outs too. Traditional hummus is great. Tiny tiny baklava for the price (though it tastes good).   extra pita is expensive but we always get since the initial portion with hummus isn't enough.  Spanakopita os ok at best (ordered only once).  Calamari is good but oddly served with marinara (not cocktail like menu says) sauce.  Garlic Shrimp good but super spicy with rich yet tasty sauce (menu doesn't explain its hot).  Great salad great but I get the caesar dressing (yet again, not your traditional caesar dressing but a greek version.  I always have them hold the over quantity of onions). Pastitsio - yuck with too spicy cheese.  Spaghetti & Meatballs had weird and untraditional flavored meatballs so only ordered once.  Athenian Spaghetti kids didn't like but I did with its loads of cheese. Pork and/or chicken Souvlaki is great IF they don't over cook the meat, which they have done more than once.  Mussels appetizer was delicious.  Side of Greek olives were over spicy.We keep coming back because they are fair priced and the only Greek restaurant even remotely close to where we live.  Half my family is Gluten Free so this place is one of only a few around us with a good selection for them.
1	My gyro was boiled, disgusting! I have eaten at this same restaurant chain in Tempe and it was great. The food at this location is horrible. I doubt it is run by the same owners.The restaurant smelled awful too, like rotten eggs. Another thing worth mentioning is the floors in the men's bathroom was really dirty.Avoid this restaurant!
4	This used to be a favorite until the food started going downhill. But, they have reversed this decline!! The last two or three visits have been excellent. I don't know if they got a new chef, or, manager, but, it has certainly improved. Their Calamari Salad is now back to excellence. The gyros had gotten dry and tasteless, but, no more....flavorful and moist. Whatever happened, keep up the good work....
1	The fly plus the worst Greek food and service I have ever had..... This place was straight up awful. Thank god they served wine out of a bottle they bought from an outside company.....
5	We have found this place to be really great, inexpensive and easy for take-out.  The Gyros are reliably tasty and the fries are outstanding.  This isn't a gourmet greek restaurant - it's the kind of Greek food we had in many Souvlaki Bars in Australia when I was growing up.  Yum!We recently went to eat lunch in with the whole family and ordered garlic prawns followed by lamb Gyros.  Unfortunately there was a goof-up between the server and the kitchen and we ended up waiting a really long time for our food.  In the end we had to ask for it to go, but our server and the manager came over and were very apologetic.  The Manager ended up comping our whole meal! We definitely weren't raising hell over it and really appreciated the gesture.  When we arrived home, the meal was reliably delicious as always.We'll be back for more great gyros!
3	The gyros and fries are the best thing on the menu and a great value (especially during lunch). However, the service is absent, but the kitchen is fast. Today the server didn't write down our order and he got it wrong. He also said he would fill my water twice and never did. The floor/grout needs a serious cleaning. Overall, a good place for a decent lunch at a decent price.
2	Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. Hummus was a bit runny, but the pitas were fresh.  Our Greek salad was tasty, but too much dressing weighed down the greens. My husband and I had moussaka which was not heated/microwaved through out making it disappointing. I will check this restaurant off my list.
2	My review is for the server Kate,  not the restaurant itself.  The food was great, but Kate failed to explain the pricing for a specific menu item.  The price on the menu was not the price I paid, it was double.  Not sure I'd return after that.
1	this place used to be great. I just went and got the calamari Greek salad and I might as well have eaten frozen calamari with iceberg lettuce. There were no Greek olives no feta cheese specs of tomato and iceberg lettuce it was horrible. I recommend you go anywhere but here. And the only reason I went was because of the two reviews on the calamari salad fron may which were inaccurate.
1	Very disappointing to say the least. It's been a long time since I've been to this particular location. Happy Hour appetizers are not recommended. While I understand portion control - the calamari portion was so small as to make it not even worth ordering. The restaurant was very slow this evening, and yet the staff seemed very mildly engaged or interested in their duties. The overall vibe and experience was not great and not worth a return.
1	I eat at My Big Fat Greek almost every Tuesday and havevery good and attentive service from our server, Edna.Gail
2	I absolutely love Greek food. There are some amazing places in Scottsdale and Phoenix. I saw the reviews weren't great here but it's close to work so I decided to try it. It was so so. The dressing does not taste like any of the Greek dressing I love at my favorite Greek restaurants. I wanted half gyro half chicken and the waitress said you have to pick one. Now at the 2 other Greek restaurants where I am a regular they do anything you want and they charge $2.00. Here they won't do it and they charge $4.00. The people who work there are very nice but it is definitely not up to par with any of the places I have come to love.
2	First time here. I stopped in to grab a quick bite. I LOVE gyros. So I ordered one. It was pretty average. Not too busy on a Monday night. Service was pretty average too. Overall, pretty mediocre and I wouldn't come back and pay $9 for subpar gyro.
5	Delish - had the salad pizza - enough for two! And happy hour appetizers were only four dollars so you can really enjoy yourselfNice break after turkey day! Liz our server was super-attentive and very friendly.
5	My family and I have loved My Big Fat Greek Restaurant for many years. Highly recommend this restaurant!!! Nichole is also an amazing server I recommend asking for her if and when you come!
