4	Delicious freshly made donuts.  The recently opened Bosa Donuts in Tempe has a wide selection of donuts to choose from, in addition to coffee drinks, smoothies, and sandwiches.  We got a dozen to go, and so far so good.  I've tried one of the long-John chocolate glazed donuts and an old fashioned donut.  The long-John was soft with the right amount of glaze, but I did wish it had some sort of filling in it, like a Boston creme perhaps.  On the other hand, the old fashioned was pure sugary/fatty goodness.
5	I'm a girl who knows her way around a donut. The boyfriend and I would usually venture out to Chandler to get our Bosa Donut fix so I was super excited to discover they had opened a location closer to home. I was also super scared for my waistband.Bosa is hands down the best donut shop in the Valley. Not that there is a ton of competition but still. They're really good. They offer a wide variety from your classic cake to puffy glazed, filled to fritters. My favorite is the glazed twist. So chock full of sugary sweetness my teeth kinda hurt just thinking about it. Their donuts are always fresh and they keep a good stock available so you're not stuck with only the coconut donuts.I brought in a bunch to work the other day and my co-workers gobbled them up. Who doesn't love being handed a frosted piece of donut heaven?I'm sure I will become a regular of the Tempe Bosa in no time.
5	Yummy! Best before noontime when they are nice and fresh. I've tried, apple fritters(delish), buttermilk(yummy), another apple kind that had some kind of crumby coating(not crumby in a bad way), boston cream(so good), glazed(really good). I think I've had a few others but can't remember which. Not too expensive either. I did go through the drive thru at this location it does not have a list of the kinds of donuts they have. They also got my order wrong but I didn't really care what kind of donuts I got,  I just wanted donuts.
5	I have gone here twice now, and plan on making it a bit of a routine. Yesterday, I went ridiculously early, (4am) because no one else in town was serving breakfast yet, and Bosa Donuts was already open and serving customers... an hour before they were scheduled to!  Needless to say, I was happy!I splurged, and got some donut holes, a chocolate frosted donut, and a ham and cheese croissant. Their glazed donuts have an interesting taste to them, not bad, just different. I don't know how to explain it, but you can try a glazed donut yourself, or get a dozen donut holes like I did for $1.89. I like it, and I'll definitely pickup more donut holes in the future. They were so light and fluffy, and they were all glazed perfectly.The chocolate frosted donut is simply the best donut I've had since living in Kansas (a local shop out there had AMAZING donuts). They really do a great job. The donut didn't taste bland like a Dunkin Donuts one, nor was it a sugar attack like a Krispy Kreme donut. It tasted exactly like a donut should... fluffy, with the perfect amount of icing topping it, and soft... very soft. It was actually fun eating it!The croissant.....oh my god the croissant.... I talked to the baker, who said it was his specialty, and he was ABSOLUTELY correct! Their ham and cheese  croissant is stuffed full, with a light flaky exterior crust. It doesn't look as pretty as something from France, however, from a functional standpoint, it's great. Ask them to heat it up before serving it to you for the best results. I've had this at 4pm, and they taste just as good as when they're fresh at 4am.They have plenty of drink options: soda, milk in 12/20oz bottles in fat free, 2% and whole varieties, ice coffee, frappuccino style drinks (I'm gonna try one of those out tonight), coffee of course, and some other things I'm afraid I can not recall.Remember, the early bird gets the worm, or in this case, super fresh donuts... I'm not sure whether they make donuts throughout the day or not, so the earlier you get there, the fresher they will be.They charge a $.50 transaction fee on orders under $2.50, so don't do what I did, and buy your donuts and your milk, then more milk, cause you ran out.... it was only an extra $.50 but because of it, probably based on principal more than anything else, I didn't buy another donut after I bought more milk (still had plenty of milk left in the 2nd bottle...).Overall, I have to rate this as my favorite donut organization in the valley. I have been to two of their locations now, and love their attention to detail when it comes to donuts. Their employees are always a bit reserved, until you startup a conversation, then they open right up, and are all very friendly. I'm going to enjoy going there for years to come, and will continue pointing all of my friends there (they've all loved it so far too!).
5	They now have 24 hour drive through service!  Hooray for late-night donuts.  P.S. Their iced coffee is also equally as delicious as their donuts, and they even have a sugar-free vanilla flavor.
5	If you could wrap heaven in a donut this would be it. I love these pastries with all my heart.
5	Boooooossssaaaaaaaaa donuts.  BOSA donuts.... this place is so good.  I don't know how it's possible but, even late at night, when I inevitably decide I need donuts, the selections here are still fresh and tasty!  I love the regular glazed, blueberry cake and lemon-filled the best... closely followed by all the others!   Drive-thru is 24 hours and the dining area is open until 10:30pm.  Also, the lady behind the counter is always so nice... makes the visit even more enjoyable.   Don't forget to grab a milk outta their cooler... goes perfect with your sweet!  And now that I've read other Yelpers reviews, I have to try their savory selections and croissants too!  I'll definitely be back... soon!See ya there!
4	Delicious donuts, awkward place. To quickly break this down, the donuts are four, maybe even five star worthy, but the inside is just cold and boring and sometimes there are shady people sitting around staring at you... BUT, the owners are awesome and kind and there's always the drive thru. I really won't get my donuts anywhere else nowadays. If you want to go to donut heaven, pop a glazed in the microwave for a few seconds... you're welcome.
5	Honestly... these are the most delicious donuts ever!  EVER!So glad I haven't caved to their 24hr drive-thru yet (yet).
5	5 Star!! This place is the Shit!!24 Hour Donuts!! Yes I know that is hard to believe in this day and age, but if you need late night Donuts this is the place.Fist off let me tell you that finding a "All Night Donut Shop" is harder than one would think. Where do all the COPS hangout? I did a Donut search on Yelp on my Droid X and came up with a few places. I called Dunkin Donuts here in Ahwatukee at 12:15am and they said the were closed. The guy said they opened at 4am I think. That's cool, but I wanted donuts...now! So I thought that it was going to be checking the local Circle K to see if they had any fresh donuts. If not I was headed to Wal-Mart to check their bakery. The Safeway in the Tukee was closed, so no weak bakery donuts for me.I did a Yelp 24 Hour Donuts search on the laptop and came across Bosa Donuts. The first review said 24 Hours and Drive Thru...I was there!Bosa Donuts at 12:45am on a Thursday morning...score! We went to the Drive-Thru of what looked to be formerly a Taco Bell. The menu was awesome, Lot of color pictures of donuts. Think Denny's menu and all the pictures, great for those that super hungry, or baked. I was just hungry for donuts.They Asian voice over the intercom told me to order from the window, I pulled forward only to find another color display of their donut selection (pictures). The guy at the window was awesome, he told me that they had a few selections of donuts that were hot and oh so fresh. We ordered a dozen assoreted donuts, coconut, glazed, and toasted coconut. Did I say they were Hot & Fresh?We thanked our new late night Asian buddy with a tip and were on our way. You could feel the heat coming off of the bottom of the to-go container as we drove off. I could barley wait until I got home to devour these warm, hot, fresh, yummy balls of donut dough and endless empty calories. They were so dam good.All the other reviews are accurate. This place is the real deal. I am planning on checking it out when they open for dine-in at 5am sometime. Until then this is my late night donut connection.
5	My husband called me from work one day after a coworker had brought in several dozen bosa donuts and he said, "I've just had the best donuts I've ever eaten". Me, being a pastry lover, had to give it a try. We went early one morning and got one of every donut they had, they were awesome! The place is a little hole in the wall and had I not been told to go, I probably would have never gone in. The donuts were soft and fresh, the cinnamon crumble one was my favorite, and they were also reasonably priced. We live in ahwatukee so it's a little out of our way, but we will definitely be coming here again!
5	I love Bosa Donuts! The batter is perfect, not overly sweet, and doesn't get that artificial taste like other chain donut shops.What I really like, is the service at Bosa.  I am a huge fan of the maple frosted buttermilk bar. Some days, there are only plain or glazed buttermilk bars.  When I told the clerk that I loved the maple, she whipped up a batch of the maple glaze for me and put it on a fresh buttermilk bar!  The next time I came in, she remembered me. Customer friendly makes this location in particular the best  =)
5	Best donuts in this city. Best donuts I've had anywhere. BEST.
5	My favorite place to get donuts! The lady was really nice; she gave me a free donut with my order.
5	This place is squeaky clean and the staff is nice. They have a drive-thru window...for donuts. Very cool; although the two times I've been here I've wanted to go inside to see the donuts up close. :-) They are also open, well, it seems like all the time. According to one of the employees, this is a very popular late night munchies spot. My boyfriend and I stopped here at like 8 one night and they definitely had some yummy looking donuts but they didn't have their cases stocked...I went again this past weekend to get donuts for friends and the cases were completely full! They had so many different varieties and everything was fresh and delicious! A dozen donuts is only like $7 and you get to support a family owned donut shop. Yummy...you'll be licking your fingers and ordering more than you can eat since there are too many to choose from.
4	So I went here last night with the BF after getting our 24 hour coffee at Xtreme Bean. I had heard all of the rave reviews of this place, and decided we must try it while we were just passing by. We went through the drive through at around 11:30pm and the man who was at the window was very friendly. We got a chocolate devil's food and a strawberry. They came out hot.... Whoa. Hot donuts at 11:30pm?!?!?! blew my mind. I don't think I have ever had hot donuts in the middle of the night. Both of the donuts were good... warm, crunchy in parts, melty in parts. yum. This place has not jumped on the weird flavor bandwagon of several donut shops I have been to (eg voodoo donuts in portland, Donut Man in Glendora, CA), so you can't get a bacon maple bar or a fruit loop donut, or a fresh sliced strawberry donut, or anything like that, but that's ok, this is not that kind of place.  I may not be a great judge of donuts, as generally donuts is one of my least favorite desserts, but these were some very good ones. I would definitely recommend them(and they were way better than Donut Man... so take that food network!)!
5	HOLY HELL... DONUTS.And by that, I mean they're amazing. Seriously. Plus, the price is great, and it's funny/awesome that the owner has done nothing to disguise the fast that the building used to be an old Taco Bell. Righteous.
4	It was 11:30 on a Tuesday night and I was jonesing for some sweet, fried dough. Unfortunately, most places are closed at almost midnight. But not BoSa Donuts. They have a 24 hr. drive-thru. Success!I am a big fan of BoSa. The shop is open from 5am to 10pm and, as mentioned above, the drive-thru is 24 hours. I love that the staff tells you which doughnuts are hot and fresh as you order. (Warm doughnuts are the best.) I love that you can get a dozen doughnuts for about $8. I also think it's really funny that this BoSa Donuts location is obviously a Taco Bell and they took very few steps to hide this fact. Amazing. I do miss my Gourdough's and their fresh berries (grilled strawberries. yum!), their interesting fillings, and their totally Austin toppings. BoSa is not a gourmet doughnut stand, it's a regular and very good doughnut shop.If you are jonesing for doughnuts at 3am, go here. You will satisfy that monkey on your back with a sweet, delicious buttermilk glaze.
3	I went to Bosa Donuts around 6 am on Friday. They had a good selection, and quite a lot of everything that they had. However other reviewers talked a lot about hoe fresh the doughnuts were and how good they were. I got 4 doughnuts and while none of them were stale they definitely weren't fresh. They had to be a least several hours old. They weren't hot or light like fresh doughnuts tend to be. However, they all tasted really well, so I'll definitely be back, but I won't be hoping for hot fresh doughnuts. :)
4	The only reason I am giving Bosa four stars instead of five is because almost every time I go by, they are out of certain donuts, specifically their coconut cream. Having said that, their selection is diverse, the service is always pleasant, and their coffee drinks are out of this world. They are open 24 hours, which makes it unique in the area as those hours are limited to Walgreens and Denny's. I recommend the coconut cream, which seems to be a favorite since it's sold-out so often, and give the fancy donuts are a try as they are unique to Bosa.
5	not only do they have a drive thru, they're open 24 hrs, but they're donuts are absolutely amazing. I had a ham&cheese stuffed croissant there for breakfast once and it was delish!
2	I've been in Bosa Donuts a few times.  I've have always gone in the morning.  Every time in the morning there were enough donuts to choose from.  Their donuts are ok  ( not bad but not fantastic or exceptional). When I went in on a Sunday evening, the donuts they had were the ones they made early in the morning.  These donuts had been sitting on their shelves for the last 12 hours.  There was very little to choose from.  I was very disappointed.  If I go into Bosa Donuts again, it will only be in the morning.
5	Fresh tasty donuts at any hour, and awesome boba slushes; easily one of the best snack places in town...
5	Bosa kicks ass! Every donut i tried( a lady never reveals her number) was delicious! Awesome variety as well. and super duper cheap wallet friendly prices! They also have a nice assortment of drinks also..they even have boba drinks.... donuts and boba drinks available 24 hrs a day?! not sure it i will ever crave these two things together but now i know if the feeling ever comes over me..i can get it at at the drive thru at 3:13am in my bath robe.how is this not good news?!
4	I had gone to this location since i was in the area and craving a donut or two based on people had mentioned blueberry cake donuts which are my new fave. But instead of trying just that i had picked out a old fashioned glaze which was literally to die for.  I have never been to the chandler store and eaten a freshly fried donut and had that warm amazingness melt in your mouth sensation unfortunately otherwise i would have remembered the experience.As i broke apart my donut eating it while driving i was just completely blown away. I am almost scared to go back to chandlers location and not get the same sensation.  Now for the blueberry donut i was more than disappointed hence the 4 stars.   A couple days ago i was in Huntington beach and had went to a donut shop off of beach blvd and experienced i live changing experience by eating their blueberry cake donuts/pumpkin and red velvet(?!) the blueberry was by far my favorite then pumpkin and red velvet coming in last as far as the flavored cake donuts. So bosa failed to impress me with their blueberry which was like a pink color in the middle not really a bluish purple hue like the donuttery in HB.So i will keep my eyes peeled for when those donuts are rolling out fresh.OH last but not least don't order boba smoothies at this location they suck and lack in flavor. it just tasted like milk and ice blended together with not sweet boba on the bottom.
5	Bosa Donuts, how I love thee. I come here with my husband from time to time and get a dozen doughnuts that lasts us all week. It seems like this place is always stocked up on the right doughnuts, and they are always fresh when we get them. Their glazed ones are to die for, as are many of their other varieties. The employees are always SUPER friendly and this place just overall rocks my socks off. Bosa FTW!
4	Unfortunately, I like this place. I don't need it but I like this place. I shouldn't have it but I like this place. I can't have it but I like this place. I will probably have a massive coronary because of it but I like this place. This will kill me, but I like this place. So then why not five stars? Because I grew up on Dunkin Donuts. It's been a looong time since I've had one so don't know what DDs are like today. But DDs used to have a double portion of filling inside their donuts. With the first bite you got a good mouthful of filling and with the next you got the same. with Bosa you get only one good bite, the next will be the leftover. But the taste is still very, very good. I think I will go back to - this place!
5	I'm not even a donut person and I love this place. Husband, who is a donut person, also loves this place. Win.These are not your average donuts. I don't like average donuts. There are a few things that usually bother me about donuts. They're dry. They're flavorless (lack depth/complexity of flavor). They're excessively frosted. The dough is bland and is not toothsome. (You know what I mean--that perfect chew that comes from dough being fried.) Bosa avoids all of these.All of them, I tell you!Their glazes have the right amount of soft and crunch. Their doughs are all different for the different donuts--cake, old-fashioned, raised, fritter, and more. The right dough for the right donut. Their French crullers are especially good for this reason. They're light. Their airy. They're moderately sweet. If I drank coffee, they'd be good with coffee.I haven't tried a Bosa donut at this location I didn't like. I particularly enjoy:Buttermilk (!!!....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is a funny shape but so, so delicious)Old fashioned sour creamBlueberryCoconut creamRaised glazedBoston cream/Bismark (even though it can be lopsided on where the cream is, the cream they use is outstanding and the chocolate glaze is perfect)Raised sugarCinnamon crumb--both cake and raised, though cake is slightly better...there are more. I can't remember all of them. They're all good. All good!And hello? They're open 24/7 and they serve boba tea, Shamrock Farms milk, and other yummy beverages. Can't speak to any other location, but who needs another location when this one is so great? The staff appears to all be southeast Asian, and they're all sweet and attentive. If you go to the drive thru in the middle of the night and nobody comes right away, just knock on the window. They're probably in the back making more magical, magical donuts.
3	I can't give the glowing review to BoSa that many other people are giving because I have Rolling Pin Donuts in San Bruno, CA to compare them to.  While there are a number of things about BoSa Donuts that I like, I just can't like them enough to have my review venture into the four or five star zone.First, here are some things that I do like:1. They have donut combos--you can order sets like a donut and a coffee, or two donuts and a coffee.  Just ask for a "number one" (or whatever number) and you get what you want.2. They're open 24/7--that's a real plus.  Donuts any time of day, any day.3. They have a drive-thru--this is an ex-Taco Bell building, and they use the old drive-thru for customers.  This is cool, although they don't use the speaker.  You have to drive up to the main window.4. They have more than donuts and coffee.  At BoSa, you can get boba drinks, bagels, and even energy drinks.5. The donut holes are delicious and you get a lot of them for a small amount of $$$.With all that, you'd think that I'd REALLY love this place, eh?  Well, let's go to the minuses:1. Despite the menu of donuts up, they never seem to have the kind of donut I want whenever I'm there (and I have been there at all times of the day and night).  They always have cinnamon cake and cinnamon twist donuts showing on the visual menus, but no matter what time of day I come, they NEVER have them for sale.  Never.  Cinnamon rolls are 1 for 3.  They always have cinnamon crumb and are always offering that instead, which is not my favorite.2. The old fashioned donuts are too crunchy and greasy.  Not to complain too much about this, but they leave them in the oil too long and they don't taste all that good.  I like old fashioned donuts, and these don't quite make it.3. If you're in the mood for a bagel instead of donut, they are definitely going to butter you up.  For some strange reason, they glob on a heart attack's worth of margarine onto your bagel.  Really--there was enough spread there for four bagels, and I spent a considerable amount of time with napkins wiping the excess oleo off of my bagel halves.  I don't have to buy margarine anymore.  I can go here with a plastic container, order a few bagels, and I'll have enough spread for a week.  I'm pretty much not exaggerating here.BoSa Donuts is OK.  They ain't bad.  I'll keep going back because I do like a lot of what they offer.  This just isn't the donut shop of the Gods.  I've been there and, believe me, it's hard to find a place that compares with the best.
5	A coworker just brought these in today as a treat for the rest of us; I have never had these donuts before.  They are amazing!  I will definitely be driving out of my way to partake in the doughy deliciousness again.  I can't say anything about the physical restaurant or anything, because I wasn't there... but I can vouch for the product.  Absolutely delicious!
4	friendly staff, decent iced coffee. get the cherry fritter!!!!
1	When this place bothers to have a selection, the donuts are *usually* ok. We got completely stiffed on the raspberry filling once and then, when they actually had two coconut creams, the two we bought turned out to have about one teaspoon of filling in them. The people are friendly enough but couldn't give a damn about customer service. They are usually always out of ham and cheese croissants before lunch time. When you tell them they don't have what you want, they just say OK and smile vapidly. Not like they could give a darn about what it was you actually wanted so they might be able to remedy the situation next time. We're done with these people.
5	First of all, who doesn't love a 24 hour drive thru?? I tried this place after hearing nothing but amazing things to test it out for myself. I tried the chocolate sprinkles, glaze and devils food cake donuts. They were all amazing!! I was also pleasantly surprised to find out they have boba teas as well. Next time I go, I will be trying one of those too!
5	I'm really not a donut fan but this place makes me My husband can't resist going here every weekend to get donuts they are the BEST. Forget DDonuts ...Their donuts at bosa are so fresh and yummy.  The donuts do not lack flavor at all the cake one's especially when they have just been made melt in your mouth. A MUST TRY AT THIS LOCATION   not a fan of the phx location on Indian School
1	Great donuts but horrible service... Didn't get anything we wanted due to a language barrier between us and the limited English speaking employee. She claimed, in broken English, to only speak Spanish. She understood ONLY the word "dozen" and we got a dozen of what ever she felt like giving us, then proceeded to ignore us while using her cell phone!Donut shops are a dime a dozen and we will never again return to Bosa.
2	Bosa Donuts makes donuts and sells donuts, and their donuts taste like donuts.  I could stop there, but I'll elaborate a bit.I went to Bosa expecting some mind-blowing fried-dough experience based on everything I'd heard about them, but I left with a pink box full of carbohydrates that were merely average.  Their donuts taste just fine, but they are nothing special: they're just freaking donuts.  You can have the same circular dessert experience by picking up some donuts at Fry's or Albertsons: nothing bad, but nothing particularly memorable.  I was hoping, based on the reviews I's read, to have a donut experience on par with Voodoo (in PDX) or Banbury (SLC), but was instead treated to absolutely average donuts.I arrived at roughly 7PM at this converted former Taco Bell (I don't care about what the building looks like, but this is a story, not a scientific journal) and asked which donuts were freshest (which I've been told is the thing to do at Bosa).  To my surprise, I was told that NONE of their donuts were fresh because they were all made early that morning.  Well, at least they're honest.  I picked an assortment of donuts (some of which were not available so substitutes were picked for me without asking) and drove off into the sunset ready for donut nirvana.  Instead, I was treated to a mouthful of average fried dough.I'm not sure what it is people love so much about this place.  I'll give it another shot some day in the morning when they're slinging fresh product, but I just fail to see what is so great about Bosa.  Their donuts are average, and maybe even a bit below that.  Why?  They're not sweet enough.  That's not usually a complaint you'll get from me since I don't like my sweets to be too sweet, but goddammit, if I'm going to shove hundred of empty calories down my gullet, I want to at least feel like I'm eating a donut instead of simply plain dough fried in oil (though they're old fashioned styles are okay).Since the donuts are average, I'll turn to service.  Yeah, it was quick, but on the other hand, it was imperfect.  There are two major complaints I have.  First, as mentioned above, when I asked for a particular kind of donut and they were out, they simply subbed in a different kind, without asking me.  Second, the charge an extra fifty cents for credit card transactions that total less than five dollars.  Not only does that eternally piss me off, it's violative of their merchant agreement (http://consumerist.com/2008/07/more-on-minimum-purchases-surcharges-and-other-credit-card-merchant-agreement-violations-from-the-co.html).So, in summary, Bosa is average.  I like that they're locally owned, but their donuts just aren't that great.  If my next experience isn't better, I'll go elsewhere for my unnecessary caloric indulgences.
4	I love donuts. I seriously love donuts and Bosa makes some of the best donuts around. We usually stop in late-night and ask for whatever is warm and fresh. The owner is usually baking after 11pm. I love their old-fashioned style donuts with chocolate frosting, maple frosting, or crumb topping. Hubby loves the fritters. I'm not too much of a fan of the cream filled style, but do enjoy the jelly filled. If you go at in-between hours or middle of the day, your donut may feel a little stale, but still very tasty. Late-night ... use the drive-thru. They're open 24 hours a day for your donut dining pleasure. Yum.
4	Awesome Donuts! The only thing is, I was expecting the light fluffy glazed that Krispy Kreme has. This is not the same. HOWEVER these donuts are homemade delicious and why not support small businesses?!?! So why the 4/5 star instead of 5/5? Well the majority of our group LOVED the donuts and swears by them. HOWEVER, one or two just thought they were alright and preferred a light airy donut a la Krispy Kreme (lameeee). So thats why I am trying to represent all opinions here in my reviews.We were headed there when they were closing the dining room apparently (the drive thru is 24 hours though), but the nice lady allowed us to come inside, we had a rather large group with us. THE BUTTERMILK donut is amazing!! TOTALLY worth the late night trip!!!These donuts taste fresh, delicious, and the customer service was so great when we were there that night. This place is the best donut place I have been to in AZ. No more KKreme or DDonuts (that place is not that good anyway). Just go to Bosa and you will never go to a chain donut shop again.
2	Unsatisfied.First off, I'm really sick and tired of going to this place and them not having half the stuff we want.  Cinnamon donuts?  No, we don't have any.  We have cinnamon crumb.  Ham croissant?  Sorry, we're out.  Small boba drink?  NO!  We only have medium.  Uh. . .A stinky 'tude from someone behind the counter can really ruin a place for me.  Last night, the lady at Bosa gave us a perfect example of "a stinky 'tude."  Did my Diet Coke really take five minutes to pour?  Did you really need two reminders to give it to me?  WTF was your problem lady?The donuts here are good, but I'm now trying to decide if it is all worth the frustration. . .stay tuned.
5	OMG! Are they putting crack in these donuts or what? They are addictve. Cannot wait to go back.
4	Ummm Hello, best donuts ever!!!! I love Bosa Donuts, mainly because its open 24 hours and its a drive thru. There donuts are cheap and delicious. I'm assuming he's the owner, but the one guy that works there is overly friendly, which is a nice surprise considering it was 11 at night. Ask them what the freshest donuts are and order one (or twenty) of them. My favorites are glazed and cinnamon crumble (i think)!
3	All BoSa's look pretty identical. An older interior (whoever owns these seems to buy older places and keep them that way) and Asian employees just like almost every other BoSa I've been to.Matthew D. is spot on with his remark in that they seem to be out of many things at the same time. How you run out of stuff for doughnuts when it's your only product is beyond me. They sure are tasty though, especially the ones with the pink dough (such as the strawberry, my personal favorite.) Now, if you're looking for a "fancy" doughnut or something out of the ordinary, BoSa may not be the place. No Maple and Bacon flavored doughnut here. They serve soft drinks as well, which I didn't have.
1	Alright, my first job was in a bakery where we sold the most popular doughnuts in town so I think I have a decent idea of what is a 'good' doughtnut.I can only imagine that those who like these just haven't eaten doughnuts anywhere other than Krispy Kreme.  Mostly raised doughnuts, primarily the glazed variety.  Small, greasy flavor and barely anything inside the filled doughnuts.Not worth the money for the selection of mediocre.You want a delicious doughnut?Check out the neighborhood Basha's grocery stores.  Their filled doughnuts are filled.  Custard, creme, raspberry, cherry, sometimes apple too.  They have apple, cherry and blueberry fritters.  Their buttermilk sticks are twice the size of the ones they sell at BoSa.  The selection included cake and the raised variety. AND on Fridays you get a half dozen free when you buy a dozen.  I'm sticking with the area Basha's.  Yum.
1	I have have been going to Bosa off and on since they opened. Have a bad experience and stop for a while. Then I tell myself " It's right down the street why not " then disappointment again. 1. Went in on a Fri at 630AM for their special curler donuts, that they ONLY do on Fri. Sure enough nothing was prepared. Was informed it would take another 30 min to finish the donuts. Noticeable very, very, very irritated I ordered 2 other donuts instead. Was planning on a dozen, but had to settle for what they had. Well staff made sure to charge me a credit card fee due to my purchase being under $ 5.00. When you don't have what you advertise, you might want to waive the .50 fee. Or you will really piss off that customer. Common sense.2. Customer service is horrible. See #1.3. When I get home I have never received the correct dozen donuts I ordered. I don't understand it ???? I'm perplexed ??? I don't think it's anything personal. I just never get the correct dozen. They close the box, I pay and go home. Surprise.The donuts are OK nothing great and not bad they are donuts. They are convenient and close, but I must remember to pass on Bosa Donuts.
1	I am really disappointed in this place, but they are just around the corner and we keep hoping. HAHAHA! This time is the last! They just keep getting worse and worse. The selection is pathetic unless you get there immediately after they cook their donuts. Which appears to be once a day, some time in the morning. Otherwise, they're not fresh. To boot, they insist a bear claw is some kind of apple-filled monstrosity. In addition to the numerous times we have gotten what were supposed to be filled donuts and they had only a DOT of filling, the latest is donuts that they can't even bother cooking all the way. They tasted like wet dough  because they WERE WET DOUGH! These people are nice enough but they seem to not give a damn that the quality is TERRIBLE! Raise your standards, Arizona, a little, for crying out loud: Just because it's a fried carb does NOT mean you have to give it five stars.
4	yum yum and love the special Valentines heart donuts!
4	Their donuts are tasty, cheap and the variety is awesome.  The hours are great too.  However, their service definitely leaves something to be desired- the person behind the counter barely listened to me and was very standoffish.  The display was missing some labels, and when I tried to ask a question about one of the donuts and she just grabbed it and put it into the bag without answering me.  I stopped her and managed to elict an answer.  When the same thing happened the second time, I gave up and got fewer than I had intended.  I'd definitely give them a second chance, and the donuts are cheap and tasty enough to make up for the bad service, but it wasn't a great first impression.
3	Last night we stopped in to Bosa Donuts on McClintock and Southern, the girl who helped us behind the counter was less interested in helping us for the 2.5 minutes and more concerned with ending her shift. We asked if they had any more glazed donuts and she said no. After we told  her what we did wanted and walked out, we discovered that she gave us the wrong ones so we went back inside...which she overcharged us but that is another story...when we went back guess what they had! GLAZED DONUTS that were fresh and just put in the display. Needless to say this girl was lazy and had doesn't care about customers. The donuts we did eat were pretty decent but still disappointed and probably won't go back...at least not to this location.
1	Asked for glazed they are out. So I get apple. Walk out and notice they gave bear claw. So I go in as they bring out glazed. Really you didn't know the glazed was coming in 60 seconds.  And just rude. Why be in service business and give customers attitude. I will say the donuts are fresh but I say this all the time if you just don't care how sanitary is the food your serving.
4	No, this donut is not in the top tier of places like D&K Donuts in Paso Robles, CA; Long's Donuts in Indianapolis; Glazed & Infused in Chicago; the old Montgomery Donuts in Rockville, MD or Wegman's donuts in Rochester, NY.  But it's damn close.  As someone who eats donuts 1-2 times per week (even now!), I can tell you that I'm thankful I didn't rent a car on this trip, because if I did, I'd be driving to get donuts every day that I'm here in Scottsdale.  The glazed donut is sugary, succulent, features tons of give but solid sizing, and it costs 93 cents.  I bought one, took one bite, began laughing, and asked the server for one more.  And there's a driver-thru?  America is the greatest place on earth!(Note: I see that many other reviewers had problems both with the service and with the selection at this place.  I've only been once; it was 1 PM on a Friday, they had plenty of everything, and the two people working were pretty attentive to me...maybe I got lucky, maybe I am lucky, maybe the fact that it was slow inside made them love me more.  No question, it affected my experience in the positive!)
2	Want to know how to make an awesome doughnut taste less awesome?Have someone annoy the hell out of you first.All I wanted was a doughnut with custard inside. Big. Damn. Deal.After expressing this desire to the server, she told me they didn't have any. I asked if there was anything close to a custard doughnut. Then, she changed her mind and told me they did actually have one, with chocolate on top. I noticed a sign that said "custard claw" on it, and inquired about the doughnut behind it. After failing to understand me for the better part of a minute, she said "Oh yeah," and put it into a bag. Lady, you have one job. Come on.I drive off and take a bite of the doughnut. NO CUSTARD. ABORT MISSION. I make a sharp U-turn into the drive through, hand the lady my partially-eaten doughnut, and say, "Give me custard or give me death." She asks if I want cream or Jell-O filling. "I guess Jell-O filling?" I say, feeling a tad uneasy that they fill their doughnuts with instant Jell-O pudding.She tells me there's only the chocolate and custard kind, but then I notice a little picture of coconut custard doughnut on the drive-through window. When I ask about that, she says, "Oh, that's like the chocolate one, only it's coconut instead." "So... it's a different doughnut with custard in it." I say. "Yes," she replies. "I'll take it." YOU HAD ONE JOB. It was as if she had a personal vendetta against me that manifested in the form of preventing me from having custard.The doughnut was flaky, light, delicious and brimming with custard. Guess what? All I can taste is the flavor of irritated. Next time, I'll just treat myself to a pack of Jell-O pudding.
1	Very poor customer service. I won't be back.
5	The best donut shop in Arizona. Hands down.
4	I always thought that donuts were just donuts, but Bosa has a special, non-corporate feel to them. I've stopped through this drive through a few times and have always left satisfied. The most recent visit was later in the evening and they were out of a few of my first choices, but I picked some different options and was on my way. The donuts tasted fresh and when I'm in the mood I will be back for more.
3	Not sure if there is a secret society of Asian donut shop owners in America, but no matter what city I enter, the Asian owned doughnut shops are all very similiar. To BOSA's credit, they did have some "weekend" only choices which included Strawberry Cream or Blueberry Cream cake, but overall it was the standard assortment of items at about $1 per donut these days. Phoenix is not a donut town and despite the wide variety, the two donuts I tried (cream cake and glazed cake) both tasted like the icing with neither the buttermilk or strawberry flavors shining through.
5	Best donuts I've had in Phoenix!First off, 24hr donuts? Hell yeah! The donuts are great and the service is friendly, you'll kick yourself for not trying one sooner. Almost everything on the menu is fantastic, but you should just start with the plain donut, so you'll know what a real donut tastes like.
1	Alright guys, so I was in the mood to get some Thai ice tea. when I ordered, I specifically said I wanted a smoothie. She gave me a regular one with ice. Don't even ask about the whipped cream, she didn't even fill the lid up, it was like a little bitty spritz of whip cream. Never going to the Bosa on Southern in Tempe again. Also you have to have a minimum of $5 to purchase with a card, or you can pay a 50 cent charge to use your card. The one on country club doesn't require a minimum purchase of $5. You may asked why didn't I asked them to fix it? You only get one chance to get it right.
3	I still do like Bosa, unfortunately it was a huge part of my life last year. Sometimes they have your first choice, usually your second... Sometimes you breeze right  through the order process and others you do not. TIGER TAILS are a ridiculously large, delicious chocolate pecan formula that tend to sell out before noon each day. Or the Old Fashion and Apple Fritters simply make all other doughnut places feel lacking. I would advise going in with a game plan however, here are a few pointers:-Do not expect them to have everything on the menu-Ask for only a little ice in the iced coffee-Try to avoid tampering with your final order-Be ready to pay a lot, for a lot
3	Huge, delicious and sweet. That's what you can expect from Bosa! I wish I knew about this place sooner. Glad I tried it and you will be, too! I like that they have a drive thru for the mornings you left the house in your pjs and don't want to necessarily be seen. Try my favorites- raspberry filled or chocolate sprinkles. Ok so maybe I have more than a few favorites!
4	These donuts are dericious! I haven't had their signature boba drink because small round globbies freak me out. Their coffee is decent and their bagels are too. Stick with the donuts though :)
5	Bosa has become my new guilty pleasure. I have to make it stop before someone hast to crane me out of my apartment.The glazed buttermilk donuts are easily my favorite. They look like tiny loaves of bread. They're really dense, and sweet on the outside, with a more tame, cakelike interior. Yummy.And, c'mon, 24 hour drive though? That's dangerous. You can also get a bag of day old donuts inside for some insanely discounted price. I have yet to try this for fear that I will eat all of the donuts in one sitting.The employees at this place are always friendly too. On more than one occasion, we will find that they have given us a free donut or two. Yummy!
5	Bosa is like crack in a box: you just cannot get enough! Their donuts are so delicious, they make their competitors look chintzy! They are open 24 hours...such a great thing when you're craving something sweet in the middle of the night, after dinner, or early morning for breakfast. Easy location to get in and out of as well and not far from home for me. I like this idea a lot!The only drawback is if you want certain kinds/flavors of donuts, go in the morning because they'll be gone by early evening!
1	So, we went here late one night craving donuts. We ordered through the drive-thru, and when we drove away we found they messed up our order. No biggie, it happens, so we pull around and ask to replace them. What do they do with the donuts we didn't want? Put them back on the shelf to sell to someone else. We had the donuts in our possession for 3 solid minutes. Fortunately, we're not crazy people who would sprinkle cyanide on donuts.
3	Good prices and friendly service.  All staff were very pleasant and helpful.  Not sure about the hype I have read on Yelp regarding taste.  These aren't "gourmet" donuts by any stretch of the imagination.  A notch or two above Krispy Kreme, Dunkin', and what you might find at a supermarket, but, at least in my opinion, not the "be-all, end-all" of what others have described here.  If you need to get a box of donuts for the office and want something a notch above the average, these folks deserve the chance to have your business.
5	There isn't a better donut in Arizona. Love their classic glazed.
5	I will drive out of my way to go to this Bosa, even though there are two or three closer to me.  Always a great selection and wide variety of options.  And this is the only place I can go and order coffee with cream and sugar premixed and like it!
1	I would love to review this place just by it's food, but I cannot. I wasn't able to have a raspberry filled donut, because they were out. Nor could I try the cinnamon roll donut because, (although it's on the menu) they don't make it yet.The whole reason I decided to write this Yelp! review is because of the service I received. ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE AND UNACCEPTABLE.I'm not going to go on about how I'm a manager in the hospitality business (even though I am) and that the was I was treated was down right disrespectful. The man in the drive-thru window was just absolutely rude and abrasive, and if we was my employee, I would have terminated him immediately. I will never go to Bosa Donuts, and I will also tell all my friends and family not to go to this place. I hope management reads this and makes an adjustment.
4	Pretty good donuts! I love all the flavor options, the fact that they are open 24 hours, and the friendly service. The original glazed and maple glazed are my favorites. Definitely beats the large chain donut shops in the area (dunkin donuts, etc.). Only wish you could get the donuts hot!
4	What's there bad to say? It's delicious donuts! The selection is plentiful, though I was expecting to see more varieties. No french crueler :( They have a lot of cake-ish type donuts. I sampled quite a few of the options available, and all were great, but my absolute favorite, and what I think was the best overall, was the glazed buttermilk!! Oh goodness, it was so moist and tender crumb and just perfect! Of the other varieties I tried, I enjoyed the maple bar, the powdered jelly donut, and the apple fritter was awesome. The chocolate glazed cake donut tasted a little odd, and the blueberry cake donut was just okay. I would definitely come back, especially since its right across the street! :P Delicious donuts, but the workers kinda rush ya!
1	Tyler H. hit it on the mark.  This Bosa has a real problem with customer service.  I work nights and last summer began hitting up this shop for the late night-gotta-have-fried-sugary-dough cravings.  And last summer it was great.  Ordering a dozen donuts and getting the extra free-nice!  And there was some of everything on the menu, even at 2 a.m.  Then things began to change.  At first, it was hit and miss, now it's every time I've gone over the past month or so.  Rude workers, very few donut choices left and no freebie (it's called a baker's dozen, remember?).  Tonight, the clerk was annoyed with our requests for (finally) "what DO you have?".  I miss last summer and won't be back again.  Too bad, I'm now grieving.  And looking for another crave-cave.
2	Came in and everything looked amazing, but once I got home with my donuts they were all completely RAW in the middle.  Not cool, guys!
2	I've given this place a few chances now and I don't understand the fuss. The donuts are always heavy and stale. No more wasting my cheat day calories here. It's worth the extra gas to find a KK, where I know the sugar loaded pastries will melt in my mouth the way a good donut should.
5	Love this place. Best donuts I've had in the valley. Always fresh and very polite workers. I needed 5 dozen assorted donuts by 5:30 am and they were happy to have them ready.
5	Though I've been there several times and would never have a donut anywhere else in Phoenix, I wanted to drop a line about their catering service, which I used recently. We ordered 6 dozen on relatively short notice and they came out even better than they do in store. Our donuts were incredibly fresh, delicious and perfect for our event. The fact that they were able to give us some of their more obscure donuts and do them just as well as they do when they're in store was really awesome, and our guests were really delighted with the quality and flavor. The price can't be beat in terms of desserts for a party, as well!
2	Lady didn't speak English and she has no idea what an old fashioned is.  Completely annoying
4	Hubby and I were craving donuts so we decided to go get some. We've heard of Bosa Donuts but have never been to one before so we stopped by this particular location since we were in the neighborhood. We ordered half a dozen of different donuts to share. The hubby and I liked the custard filled one and my mom loved the coconut one we bought her. It would of been better if the donuts were warm but overall it was good and we would come back again.
5	Nothing short of amazing! I was having a craving for a donut so I stopped in with my boys. I had a chocolate donut with sprinkles and a vanilla iced coffee. Both were delicious and hit the spot. Bosas will be a regular stop for us when we are in the neighborhood (we live in Laveen). Thanks Bosas for a great treat!!
5	I CRAVE these donuts. Best donuts in AZ hands down at this location. Go about 2-5am for them fresh out the oven. Like COTTON CANDY in your mouth. They're fresh a day later and for sure still good 2 days later. I don't know how they get these to melt in your mouth so well. They'll often throw in a something free when u get a dozen. (Which I come back home and eat immediately gettin myself sick)
3	Love the donuts here. I went in that day and got a strawberry smoothie. Not bad and the customer service was exceptional.
5	They have good Donuts. They let you sample before you buy too. I ordered Coffee along with Donuts. It wasnt busy at 11 a.m They have nice seating where you can sit and eat. However they charge you more if your order is less than 6 $ so carry some cash along.
2	what does Bosa stand for???
4	We got these donuts and coffee for our house work day.It was fantastic. I loved the one filled with cream. Definitely get a dozen and one of each..  I cant choose a favorite but getting this for our sunday was the best idea we had...
1	Poor customer service and yellow water. My friend ordered a tea drink that was nasty and she asked if she can get something else and the lady said no. I asked for water and it was a slight tint of yellow. We walked out of there never to go back. Word of mouth stay away from this place go to another bosa.
4	Yummy donuts. Has a drive thru for fast service. Every time I stop mid day, all the popular donuts are gone already.
5	Amazing donuts and even better customer service! The sweet family that runs this store is so kind and they always go above and beyond! They have a drive through and I've never once been disappointed!
5	I remember many years ago this location was a Taco Bell. Well I was surprised a few years back when I saw that the closed TB building had when turned Into a donut shop. I first tried Bosa donuts as a coworker brought them in. They were so soft and pillowy.  Ever since then I had to try and try again. The inside of the store still has the TB color scheme tables and chairs but it is immaculate. I have to give Credit where credit is due and this location keeps everything so nice and neat. The OCD in me loved all the little milk containers in the fridge facing the same way.Their donuts are not dry like DD nor are they crusty with glaze like KK, sorry. These donuts are soft and flavorful. You can distinguish the different flavors between them and they are big. A sign they are made in house out of real ingredients. I have also tried their coffee and Boba and those don't disappoint. I am happy to say that we have a local donut shop that has a superb product and it is not a corporate chain. I'm about taste, cleanliness, and quality. Not about paying for the decor.
4	Do that many people buy donuts?  Every time I'm in a Bosa location, no one is in there, yet they keep opening up a ton of new locations and the Southern location stays open 24 hours.  I didn't know the donut biz was booming so much!Nonetheless, If I'm going to buy donuts in AZ, I'm probably going to go to Bosa.  The selection is huge and the pink sprinkle donuts are awesome.  They also have an assortment of boba tea and other drinks that I have yet to try.  They sure look good though!
