3	Zoe's get's a solid 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes satisfying food.  The chx kabobs are pretty awesome, enough for two people.  Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf.  Pretty delish.  The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit.  FYI -- If you don't like Feta, stay away from this place.  They put it on just about everything.  They trully believe in that old addage, "Feta makes it Betta!"
3	I like Zoe's Kitchen. I even tried to put the umlaut above the O in "Zoe" but alas, I lack that sort of NASA-grade training. An assortment of sandwiches, sides and salads are on hand for the taking. Well, you can't just take them... you have to pay, of course. I don't want to be blamed when a rash of sandwich robberies breaks out along the McDowell corridor... but I've gotten off on a tangent again.I've only ever tried the Gruben. I think I need an umlaut there too. No? We're good? Good. Like a Reuben but with fresh cabbage and turkey. Much healthier, and with a tangy kick. A good quick place to grab a sandwich during your lunch break.Zoe's sides are available by the pound (chicken, potato, pasta, tuna and egg salads). They will cater your next event and if you've ever seen those Honda Elements running around Phoenix with Zoe's name plastered along the sides, you know that they deliver. Or maybe you're under the impression that those cars are actually mobile kitchens. Well, that's just silly.
4	My friend said this was to "fast food" like for a date.  It's the first time I thought of it as fast food.  Yes, the food came fast, and you order at the counter, but I've just always thought of it as more "healthy food fast" but that's not quite a general category is it?I love to grab Zoe's.  Coincidentally, I like Feta, because as Lali mentioned, you have to like Feta to like Zoe's.  By brother was initially hesitant, but found himself craving Zoe's, and Feta after our last visit so I say to give it a try and don't be afraid.The menu is SO simple it can be a bit shocking.  Salad, pita, kabobs, grilled chicken plate.  Pretty much any combo of chicken w/ veggies - even in their soup.  I really appreciate that they have a kids menu that isn't filled with things like french fries and chicken fingers.  They may give in to PB&J, but the rest of it will be just as healthy as what the adults are eating.  Last but not least - I love the modern/simple decor.  The "kids" paintings scattered around the place are pretty cool too!
3	Great :Salad + Dressing (in sqeeze bottle on table)Good:Lime AdeBread + RiceServiceBad:Chicken Kabobs (really dry)
4	When  I feel like eating healthy this is where I go.  I love the mediteranean tuna pita.  I have tried numerous things on the menu including the chocolate cake (yummy).  I have never been disappointed with anything i ordered and the staff is always very nice.
3	I SOOOO wanted to love this place as it is cute as a bug's ear. Not that I'm saying there's bug's here,  I just think it's a lovely, modern clean space, with lots of light. My friend was craving the Greek pita. "OMG...it's soooo good, you have to go get us some." So, I get our to go pitas (chicken, lettuce, feta and tomato), certainly not inventive, yet it sounded like it would hit the spot. "OMG....the side pasta is sooooo good, you have to get that." Fine. Two Greek pitas both with pasta sides to go. Oh, and the chocolate cake. He said to get the chocolate sheet cake. Well, let me just say kiddies, the pita was dry, dry, dry. Sauceless and dry. Did I say it was dry. Chicken was dry. Pita was dry. It totally fell apart. And then so did I. Dry. Dry I say. Pasta side was actually quite good, all 2 oz. of it. BUT THE CAKE...OH MARY....THE CAKE! Truly a slice of chocolate heaven. I will go back and try some other items. Staff was friendly. I liked the space. Cake was, cheap, like a penny or something.
1	I really want to like Zoe's Kitchen. I do. I really, really do. I have been to Zoe's more than 5 but less than 10 times, and yesterday was my last visit, unless I want to stop in for some limeade and chocolate cake. I have tried MANY things at Zoes, and I try to listen to what others like .... I don't like their bread at all, so every sandwich I've had has been bad. The quesadilla is OK, but I'm not a big fan of flour tortillas. The chicken roll ups (I think that's what it's called) that I had yesterday (after a good friend's recommendation) were kind of soggy and yuck-o. I don't like the pasta salad .... or the potato salad ... or their slaw .... or cold rice .... Do you see my challenge here? The decor is adorable, and I really want to love the place, but I think I've paid my very last visit to Zoes. So, so sad!
5	So I have this terrible addiction. Every time I go anywhere near downtown, I have to go to Zoe's. I LOVE their limeade and have often wished I could just order the whole pitcher and leave the place with it. I'm a big fan of the chicken pita with loads of Feta, caramelized onions and chicken. I know I should probably branch out and try something new, but nothing beats the limeade and chicken pita with pasta salad. Oh, and don't even get me started on the chocolate cake!
3	I like Zoes. However, my GF does not. so I am only able to go when she is out of town. I understand this place is not for all. Dry chicken seems to be a big issue, as my girl has also complained about it. But I could eat a bucket of the slaw, with an IV of limeade, and a bed of chocolate cake to recline on.....oh yeah....wait. sorry...Anyhow, I always get the protein plate or the kabobs.Been a tad dry once, but I doused with dresing on table, and it was yum. Rice is good, the aforementioned cake and limeade. Really no desire to try anything else. With this place, I like what I like, and it will do.
3	Zoe's is fine, clean and simple with just enough trendiness to make you feel better about yourself for coming here than a fast food restaurant.   Our food was plain and simple, chicken kabobs and a quesadilla.   I guess we should have tried the lime ade and the cake, maybe next time, and then I'll give then another star.
4	A couple people told me that I would not like this place, but I did!  I liked it a lot actually.  I was smitten by the decor- super modern and clean and done right.  You know when people make their spaces look so modern it ends up just looking cheap... this place is not it.  The front door was a bit scary, if you don't watch your kids or immature friend or family members closely, it is possible that they could sever their body in half vertically.Anyhow, I had the chicken roll ups, they were good.  The food is like food you can fix at home if you put some effort in it ( this means more than using the microwave or picking up take out and putting it on a plate).  The pita chips were very tasty too.  We got some of those.  The salads look big and green and healthy- the way a salad should look.I plan to go back and I plan to get something different to try.  Neat concept, this Zoes.
2	I have had food form this restaurant a few times over an extended period of time. I have never eaten at Zoe's it was always take out and I did not do the picking up of the food. So no comment on the structure or service.It is not horrible, but also not quite good either. Very uninspired in all foods I have tasted. Sorta like eating dry white bread. We ordered as a group each time I ate, so I just figured it won't kill me so why not. Really a lousy reason to spend too much money for bland, but there you go.
1	The food is simple, pure and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well.  So, eat in. Luckily the decor is modern and compliments the menu well which makes eating in a pleasure.   My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become invisible to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today, the dust takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a positive note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility dust seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver.
4	We have a tradition of getting carryout on Saturday night, usually sandwiches or something fairly light  So we have a rotation that includes Pei Wei, China Chili, Whataburger, My Florist, Quizno's, sometimes delivery from Z Pizza.  Within that context Zoe's is a win.  The chicken salad and tuna salad sandwiches are tasty and of generous size.  My wife likes the marinated slaw, I prefer the potato salad.  Parking is never a problem, orders that are phoned in are ready when promised.   Note that although the menu has sandwich plus side plus chips for a price, you can ask for just the sandwich and they will sell it to you for a cheaper unpublished price.
1	I seriously don't know how this place rates a three star average. Just like many other reviewers, I really wanted to like this place. The concept is great! But that's it, it's just a concept. The food is as sterile as the environment. The only thing that distinguishes one dish from the other is the texture... each item has the same bland taste. And as I am somewhat of a foodie, the thing that is most amazing is that I know you have to work to make food this blah. The ingredients seem fresh, they seem to have herbies and such to make them look good, but everything tastes like they boiled it until all the flavor was released, removed the food and tossed the good flavored broth.I suppose if one of your favorite food combinations is mayonaise on white bread you might be impressed, but IMHO save your money and take yourself anywhere else.  :)
3	Three stars because the menu's hit or miss. I dream about the grilled feta sandwich. Toasted just right, soft and chewy, so tasty. But I gagged on the pimento cheese sandwich. Couldn't even finish it. Tried giving it to the dog when I got home, but she didn't want it either. And she'll eat anything. One time she ate a whole tube of Neosporin. Neosporin! What a freak. Love the pasta salad, but can't stand the potato salad. I keep going back, I just get the same thing every time. Almost took off another star because one time some chicken somehow ended up in my grilled feta sandwich (I don't eat chicken), which I didn't discover until I was chewing. Yuck!. Took me a long time to forgive, but I finally did. Haven't forgotten, though - I still peek inside before taking each bite.
3	Russ suggested My Florist for lunch since we were in the area, but I said, "well I always go there at night and while sitting at My Florist, see this cute little lunch place across the street that I've been wanting to try, so let's go there." It's good for a quick lunch and an alternative to fast food (anything is better than the F food).I got the chicken feta pita, it was okay, kinda boring.  I think I liked the design of the place better than the food. So, ++ for good marketing and design, now if they'd do something more interesting with the menu :)
2	This place is just OK in my book. I love the idea... a healthy alternative to fast food but it could be better. The first time I went I liked it but it's also hard to screw up a grilled cheese sandwich. Sooo... I went back and tried it again. My fruit cup was sour, my sandwich was stale and just blah tasting. I could do with out it. It made me sad though... it's so close to work I thought I was going to have a great place for a quick meal that wasn't going to top 1000 calories.
3	Decent Lunch spot. The food is consistent as well as the service. I like that they have 3 ice teas to choose from: Regular, Sweet, and Green. I can't say that I crave the place, but it is a nice place to go if you don't want fried food or smell of Subway. My favorite is the pimento cheese sandwich with turkey added to it. It might be a bit weird for most but when I am "hankering for hunker'n", it hits the cheese spot.
1	From the street, my husband and I thought Zoe's Kitchen would be like Panera - that is, we thought it would serve fast, flavorful, and good-quality lunch fare. None of these adjectives turned out to be an accurate descriptor. In fact, the food at Zoe's kitchen took 30 minutes to come out and was disgustingly bland and in a few cases, quite gross. We stopped in for lunch last week. The place was packed, but the line to order moved quickly, so we incorrectly assumed that we would also get our food quickly. More on that in a second. In terms of the menu, we were shocked at how uninteresting the menu options seemed. Even though the menu was decently sized and we are open to lots of different types of food and flavors, we found ourselves completely unable to choose and not drawn to any individual option. Even though I'm not a vegetarian, I prefer lunch sandwiches with no meat, so I was also quite irritated that the only vegetarian sandwiches were the grilled cheese and grilled feta. This is 2008, and the non-meat options at a lunch spot should be more imaginative than cheese slapped on some bread. In the end, I still ended up ordering the grilled cheese (nothing else sounded good!) and my husband selected the Greek Chicken Marinara. We sat down at the table, displayed our number card, and just waited. And waited. And waited. After literally waiting for 25 minutes, I checked in with the assistant manager who was manning the pick-up counter. She went into the kitchen, checked on our order, and said it would be just a "few more minutes." She even had a server bring us two slices of chocolate cake as some sort of  token of their sympathy, but it was super-dry and totally gross. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm just glad we didn't pay $2 for each slice!It wasn't until 10 minutes later when I lost my patience and told the same server that we wanted our food immediately that we finally received it. We have a higher-than-average awareness of the difficulties of working in food service, but we found it un-acceptable that a non-full-service restaurant would take 35+ minutes to bring us two sandwiches. If they can't handle the catering, to-go, and eat-in order volume, they should hire more staff members. As if the slow service wasn't painful enough, my grilled cheese was completed charred (literally burned and black). After one bit of the accompanying slaw, which was soaked in mayonnaise and soggy, I  immediately walked back to the assistant manager, handed her the plate, and asked her to refund me for my plate. To her credit, she complied, but the wait had already been so egregious that I wasn't about to just write the long wait and gross food off and decide to return. My husband's Greek Marinara was not as terrible but was still bland and completely un-memorable. The bread was a plain roll, the chicken breast strips were formed and tasted totally processed, and the "Greek" marinara tasted like Prego. The only tasty part of his meal was the side of bagged chips!I guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast, casual, and fresh lunch food, but we found the food at Zoe's to be anything but.
2	I went here despite Yelpers telling me not to bother.  What did I get?  An overpriced, bland sandwich, confusion at the menu, and feeling awkward in the location.  It's an uppity cafeteria that makes you want to believe that their food is good for you, but it's not. Don't make the same mistake I did!
1	This place saddens me. It is a void. It has a sterile atmosphere. The sandwiches were dry and not very good. The prices were high. The only reason that I went was because they handed out coupons in my neighborhood. If I had to say something good about this place, it would be that it is clean.
4	Very nice restuarant, clean, good food, and great service. And did i mention, the guy who helped up was gorgeous! It's directly across the street from My Florist on McDowell, which in my opinion is a great area that i hope will continue to keep building up great new stores and restuarants. Nothing bad to say. Great patio right on the street definately a great place to eat right now when the weather is perfect.
1	Zoe's is probably not a place to go if you are a Vegan. Actually, it's probably not a place to go if you are a T-rex either. When it comes down to it, this chain is no better than Chik-fil-a in what it offers. At least with Chik-Fil-A I get my food quickly and a nice side of cross-cut fries.Zoe's Kitchen sits across the street from My Florist which, when you really think about it, was a dumb move on corporate's part. Both look to provide healthy food options in a market of fast food and grease. The problem is that, despite My Florist's problems, it is local, more diverse, and doesn't make you feel like you are eating in an Ikea showroom.The food is just bad. My chicken sandwich was dry. Drier than the Mohave dry. I'm trying not to dive into other forms of hyperbole but this chicken was born and raised inside a Popiel Food Dehydrator. The least they could do would be to provide me with some mayo to fix things up a bit.There's another one of these over on Camelback, it may or may not be better, but as far as our downtown one goes, this place will never see me or my money again.
2	I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
2	I like the idea of Zoes, but they just don't really execute it properly. Everything is pretty bland, and I think their only flavor profile is Feta cheese. Don't get me wrong, I like Feta...but on everything? I've been there 3 times, always hoping for the best, but I always end up having to load everything with salt and pepper to even taste it. It's overpriced for just getting a simple sandwich on store bought bread with a bag of potato chips.
3	A frequent spot for lunch when I worked around 7 Ave and McDowell. My favorite is the chicken pita #2 which is a pita jammed with chicken breasts, feta, grilled onions and fresh veggies. Sure there are sandwiches and salads but I can make those at home. Let there be meat!Tips:Choose fruit or pasta.Ask very politely for pita chips instead.If you are retarded and can't build a sandwich, try Sack's.Place cake into mouth, not onto face.
1	Sure, their branding is nice. It has that feel of something hip and youthful, which helps for a chain that tries to pass itself off as a local. Pretty colors and shiny things however don't impress my palate.I can't explain how much I detest food from Zoe's. Fresh vegetables, grilled meats -- it should be a slam dunk. Instead, their food is BLAND. It is the inverse of food, it is anti-food, annihilating the satisfaction of eating with every bite.
3	Ordering:The menu exclaimed that the chicken salad sandwich rocked, so I being easily persuaded ordered the chicken salad sandwich.    Each of their sandwiches comes with a side and a bag of potato chips.  I chose the potato salad.  I was given a number and I sat down.  The place was quite busy with only one center table available.  The food was brought out rather quickly.The food:The sign lied to me.  It did not rock.  It was more like listening to Enya.  Shredded lettuce, tomato, ordinary chicken salad on regular store bought bread.  The potato salad was also rather bland.Atmosphere:There were a lot of people and some nice music to go along with the chatter.  It had an exposed ceiling with large windows that faced McDowell.  The place gave off a nice downtown hipster vibe.  I gave the place an extra star because of the atmosphere.Conclusion:Not quite as good as Paradise Bakery but, better pricing and atmosphere.  I will come back but, I will order something else.
1	As a new yelper, I feel the need to span the star spectrum, but I really had a hard time trying to think of a 1.  Then I remembered a little voyage I took last fall, coupon in hand, to Zoe's, which is right between my apartment and work.  The coupon gave me pretty much any menu item with a drink purchase.  Thank God I had that coupon, becuase I would have been pissed if I had actually payed $7.50 for a "spinach quesadilla" which was cream cheese and cooked spinach between two tortillas.  I could have made it better for $.45 at home.  Then I actually went back again to give it a second chance (I had a lot of coupons) and ate a very boring sandwich with cafeteria stlye mashed potatoes.   Maybe this place would be better for non vegetarians....my coworker liked his Greek Chicken plate, (liked, not loved)....it may go up to 2 or 3 stars for carnivores.
1	This place is great if you hate things that get all assertive with your taste buds!I really have no idea how they managed to make their food so bland.  Maybe if they spent some money on a recipe book instead of a graphic design campaign, they'd do a little better.The fact that it won something from the New Times proves how corrupt that process is.
3	I always order the Mediterranean Tuna here. It's good, but nothing else on the menu appeals to me. I go back for a really, really, quick before theater dinner.I agree with the other reviewers' description of the place.No one has mentioned the iced tea - I really do like the fresh iced teas.
3	I like zoes. It could be that my lunch options are limited during the work day. But regardless I like going here when I am craving healthy food. I usually get the greek salad -hold the chicken ! and it is good. I have also tried the grilled cheese adding tomatoe and onion to it and it tastes good as well. Also the grilled feta sandwhich is also a favorite. The feta can be a little much so I do take some of it out, but other than that I love it. The rice pilaf is lovely as well. I don't like that to substitue the greek salad as a side they charge you $3.00 extra dollars !! Outrageous. Also, on many times I have ordered the salad to go, have gotten back to work and realized they forgot to include dressing. Super annoying. But the manager gave me a free meal for the inconvenience. Overall. I like the place for a lunch option.
3	We get lunch at my office well, pretty much everyday. We usually stick to the reg spots, but one of the girls wanted to try this place. I had the Greek Pita w/ the pasta salad. It was pretty big but a little difficult to eat. Especially at your desk! I have to say though the pasta salad wasn't as great as I'd hoped. My coworker raves about the slaw. I hate it, so I couldn't tell ya, but I'd take her word... Take out was a little slow, but overall, for the price and what you got, I'd say it was worth. Good place to go for a quick lunch.
4	I really love the chicken and tuna salad.  Goes very nicely with their sweet tea.  Good sevice and good salads, and an overall trendy and upbeat atmosphere.  I would recommend it definately.  Plus the staff is eally nice too.
3	The Gruben is really delicious. I'm not a fan of Rye bread so I get it on a sesame roll.   I've had the Greek Pita a few times and like others have said, the chicken is very dry.  The "sauce" they put on the table (a greek dressing like substance) can almost make up for dryness of the chicken but not quite.  I considered giving them an extra star because there's a dude named Yoder that works there who I pretend is a Zen like sandwich master from the Dagobah system who holds the secret recipe to the delicious slaw they put on the Gruben.  It's a bit of a cluster-F at the drink/napkin area...too tight in there for people but the fact that they have Diet Dr. P in the fountain makes up for it.  Like Nicole T, I'm a sucker for the DDP.
3	Zoe's Kitchen is great for a quick bite.  It was nice and quiet around dinner time.  I sat, ate my chicken roll ups and read the New Times. They were delicious.  The dipping salsa is to close to Pace.  That is my only beef with the dish.   My side was the pasta salad.  Wonderful.  I was wondering where to go for dinner for one.  I didn't want fast food and I didn't want to have to tip a waiter plus I wanted healthy food.  Zoe's delivered.  My bill was around eight dollars.  Who's a happy camper? (me) The hibiscus tea was very good.  I went for a refill.  All in all Zoe's is a satisfying option for your taste buds and your wallet.
4	I am in love...with Zoe's grilled feta sandwich. Everytime my co-workers and I go for lunch, I always tell myself I am going to try something else on the menu...and then I don't because I don't want to cheat on the grilled feta. My sandwich is always toasted perfectly and the tomato on the sandwich helps tone down the feta just a touch. The pasta salad is my favorite of the sides to get. I tried the potato salad once and was not wowed by it at all. For almost $9 which buys a drink, sandwich, side and chips, I always leave contently full.As a warning, if you don't like feta cheese, this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it.
4	Went to lunch with a colleague. Looking for something relatively healthy and not too heavy. Was very satisfied with my meal of 2 chicken kabobs, rice and side salad accompanied with a couple of pieces of pita . Very simple, fresh tasting meal. The tables are stocked with a bottle of what appears to be their homemade vinaigrette dressing, also very tasty. I will be back.
4	LOVE this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit pricey for being a fast food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. Excellent place to eat. The decor is funky but the staff is usually really nice and again, the food is great!
4	I eat at Zoe's often because it's a convenient place to grab lunch quickly in between teaching and afternoon meetings. I would go there just for the limeade--best thing ever! I usually get the grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato on rye and coleslaw, but the quesadillas are good, too. Overall, a great place to grab lunch on the go.
2	Whoops, I thought this location just opened up...but I guess I just never went down McDowell for anything. Anyway, I fall into the category of people who think the food induces yawning. I had the Greek Pita and there was nothing Greek about it. My chicken, though, was NOT dry at all...quite tasty by itself in fact. See, its not that the food here doesn't taste good, its just that its nothing special...a sandwich packed in your lunchbox is just as good as what I had here. This wrap tasted like the thousands of others I've had. (that's right, thousands) I didn't read reviews before I went, and I did it on purpose. Its right down the street, they serve sandwiches, so I had decided that this is a place that I will find something to like about. Another place to add to my wall-of-menus. But...I will visit 2 more times for a total of 3. 3 strikes and you're out is fair, right? On the plus side, even though the food was boring, it was still fresh. And if you scratch the dressing, it'll be healthy. But likewise if you scratch the dressing....you might fall asleep while eating.
5	I haven't been to Zoe's for probably a year but I always love it when I come! As I typically do, I recently had the grilled chicken plate which is grilled chicken with sauteed onions, and your choice of a side (I chose their rice-yummy) and their greek salad. The salad is always huge so I usually save it for its own meal later. Their salad comes with their signature vinaigrette which is soooooo good. We also got a pre-packaged side of their red potato salad which is good, itself, but I like to put the dressing on it, too. My husband got the tuna pita and thought it was awesome. My brother went for the mediterranean pita and raved about it, too. The food is fresh and you feel you are eating healthy. The prices are average for most places, nowadays and I think the grilled chicken plate at approx $7 is a pretty good deal when you can make two meals out of it. Oh yeah, their fountain lemonade was out when I went but my husband recommended I try their freshly squeezed limeade behind the counter. I am a huge fan of limes and this was absolutely delicious. Not too tart or too sweet, just perfect. Love, love, love Zoes.
4	When Zoe's kitchen was featured on Groupon, I decided to buy one and check the place out. I had the tuna sandwich (with red onions) and the potato salad. My boyfriend had the chicken marinara plate, but I can't remember the side that he had. The price was really good- $20 for two meals, and I really loved the "at-home" feel they create. The bread my sandwich was served on could have been the same that I have sitting in my pantry at home, and it looked like all of the ingredients were fresh from home. Fortunately for me, the food didn't taste as though I had prepared it - it was FAR better!! I'm excited to go back to Zoe's to experience more of the menu.
2	I wish there were stars for service and food separately because I hate to give 2 stars to a place I like, but the service today was just...ugh.First off, I like Zoe's. It's not the greatest food ever but they use a lot of feta and I love feta. I am not a fan of the overdesigned feel of the restaurant, but whatever.Today, I departed from my normal and had a different sandwich. I asked the girl at the register nicely if it could not be too heavily toasted because I've had some turkey sandwiches nearly blackened to where the bread was useless. She not only proceeded to do a subtle half-eye roll, but she was outright unpleasant. I've never seen her there before and this surprised me because usually the people up front are really nice. Will I go back? Yes. But I'll make sure to not go to her if there is someone else available or just order it on the phone so that way if she does answer, I can't see her roll her eyes at me. Oh, and they didn't burn my sandwich alright. Actually (if I could take a picture I would) they barely heated it. The cheese is still mostly intact.
4	Now I can't comment on their service, as I took takeout...but this place is DELICIOUS! I'm always looking for healthy places to eat for lunch and sometimes it's a strike-out. You know those places....the ones that promote good, healthy eating and when you check their nutritional values you just gobbled down 800 calories and 64g of fat! I had their Greek Chicken Pita and it was FABULOUS! SO good, so fresh, so tasty....and you know what else? Totally healthy! The entire pita is only 300 calories, so if you're watching like I do, this is great. There's plenty on their menu to keep you coming back too. And while you're there, try the slaw, different, but quite good! I'll be back for sure!
3	My downtown friend saved me from the Arizona Center (where the Los Olivos car wash dropped me off) and took me here.  For under $7, their lunch deal was pretty amazing.  Pick a (good) sandwich, side and chips.  The reason why I'm impressed it was a whole chicken breast in my Med Chicken sandwich... I thought Greek marinara meant code for the tzitiki (sic) sauce, but really it was red marinara... Greek maybe for the green seasoning on the chicken?Overall it was tasty, and the lemon limeade my friend calls crack.  Six blocks from Los Olivos car wash if you're trying to kill time.  Saw they have a security enabled wifi network but didn't try asking for the wep key to see if they share.
2	Just didn't feel like making dinner tonite, and wanted something quick, yummy and good for me.I noticed Zoes on my drive home and decided to stop in and check it out. The food was pretty good! I got the grilled chicken platter with a side of rice. I left feeling full (but like the good kind, not the "on my God I'm gonna pass out" kind ;) and satisfied!I gave it 2 stars because it is kinda generic and there are so many hidden gems to keep an eye out for.:) Enjoy!
3	I went to Zoe's Kitchen today for lunch and ordered the Ham & Swiss grilled sandwich. My first experience with Zoe's was mediocre, but this time was much better. There was a lot on the menu to order, but I was in the mood for something with flavor but simple. It definitely hit the spot. I work downtown and it was quick, there was seating available, but a lot of people there, and parking was much better than Pei Wei (right across the street).
5	All I can say is greek salad, potato salad, and Zoe's signature slaw.( not all together though, you'll explode)  I hate picnic food, but this place puts a spin on it that you wouldn't believe. I practically go broke stopping here after work every day, but my job is so demanding that I fast all day...it's worth the wait!  And if you're ever in a rush, order your food ahead of time and just pick it up...then you don't have to worry about waiting all day for your food at the high rush time (around 11pm-1pm)
3	I eat here at least once a week. Service is always good and food is consistent. The dressing is amazing!! Couple reasons for 3 stars--a bit overpriced. I should think more about spending $11 on lunch, but I usually don't bother. The second reason for 3 stars is that without the yummy dressing, the food is a bit bland. I always order the tuna sampler, which is great, but maybe because of the dressing. The tuna is a bit bland, and, as another reviewer pointed out, I could make the same tuna for $0.69 at home, with low cal mayo. The dressing can be purchased at Zoes, so if I become less lazy, maybe I will buy dressing there and pack my tuna from home...
3	If you're looking for a quazi-healthy, fast casual lunch spot, Zoes is your spot. It's easy and great for a work week lunch. It's nothing that exciting from an ambiance perspective but the food is good (not great), it does the trick and won't break the bank.  I usually get the chicken salad sandwich which carmelized onions. My girlfriend always gets the protein plate which looks good too. Plus, every item comes with chips and a side of your choice (slaw, potato salad, pilaf, etc.)My favorite part about Zoe's you ask? That Diet Dr. Pepper is part of the soda fountain selection. Divine.
5	This is my Go-To Spot for lunch. The food is always great, service even better and the prices just perfect.  I usually get the mediterranean  (sp?) tuna pita . it's a great soft pita filled with tuna, onions, capers and tomatoes. The tuna's mixed in with this oil and vinegar mixture, totally awesome! I sometimes will get the Greuben, which is a grlled reuben made with turkey and their home made slaw with feta!  My all time fave meal there is the Power Protein Plate, which is grilled chicken served with caramelized onions and a huge heap of the slaw!They also have great sides like killer potato salad, pasta salad and the aforementioned slaw. If you're looking for a great pretty healthy spot to get lunch, check it out!
2	We pulled over to grab lunch here this weekend based solely on the appearance... It looked like it would be great!Their menu didn't seem that unique, but the girl who took our order was extremely friendly and offered some advice on her favorites, which included a pita and for both of us to get sides of the pasta salad. For 2 people to have lunch, I though $19 was a little steep, but we tried to stay optimistic as we found a place to sit. The environment was great- roomy, clean, bright, colorful. When our food was brought to us, my pita already was torn all the way down, so there was no way I was going to be able to manuever eating it with my hands. I probably should have said something, but instead just went up and asked for a fork and a knife. Flavors were good, nothing special. Chicken was dry, and the pasta salad was nothing I would write home about. We left full, somewhat pleased, but could have had the same experience for half the price.
2	The food isn't great.  I really only like the chocolate cake which is strangely sweet but does not have much chocolate flavor.  (Still I'm strangely addicted to it).  The food is rather bland, the main flavoring ingredient seems to be salt and oregano and that's about it.
3	Came here for the 1st time today with my dad for lunch. The entrance door is huge! It's a bright & modern space, I dug it. The chairs weren't the comfiest, but eh whatever most modern furniture isn't. Any way, my dad got a cup of the chicken + orzo soup & I got the chicken roll-ups that came with chips & I chose the pasta salad for my side. Dad said his soup was pretty good & ate 1 of my roll-ups, said it was pretty good but kinda bland in flavor. I thought the roll-ups were pretty good too & agree that they needed a lil extra somethin. I didn't eat the chips but the pasta salad was very yummy. For both meals & 2 drinks, I think it was less than $20. I'd probably come back again for lunch if I was trying to eat on the lighter/healthy side.
4	Anytime I can get out of the office to get lunch, I go to Zoe's.  Great array of fresh and mostly healthy meals.  LOVE the chicken salad and the (not so healthy) chocolate cake.  Staff are friendly, service is quick, food is consistent which is the best recipe for an successful work lunch.
4	I'm going to keep this review very short and sweet because until yesterday, I never really felt compelled to yell from the rooftops about Zoe's meals. Especially for my fellow vegetarians.But the tides have changed, my friends. Yesterday, because they are close to work and I was starving, I decided to hit up Zoes for the only thing I ever really eat there - the Grilled Pimento cheese on rye which I highly recommend! Sometimes the cheese doesnt melt right and its lumpy but the flavor is divine. No boring grill cheese there. The rye adds a lovely added dimension of grilled-cheesiness.Now for the new, sexier menu, there are a few more veg options. I had the hummus and salad plate and I was so surprised at the awesome flavor. The hummus was as good as my homemade hummus and the salad is very well done with real lettuce (no nutritionless iceburg here) and fresh veggies and of course, the requisite Zoe's feta cheese. The cucumber Raita was just the right touch. Soooooo tasty!Now I'm not a fan of any of their sides, till now. The Braised white beans are a dream. I dont know what spices they used (ginger maybe?) but I couldnt believe my tastebuds. So proud of Zoe's.Two notable changes:1)There is now a separate charge to grill the Pimento cheese sandwich (10 cents - really????) in addition to the 22 cent price hike.2) Chips no longer come with the sandwiches but are an extra 65 cents. (cheaper than the vending machine at work still)Either way, I'm compelled now to patronize this little spot more often. Next time I'm trying the new spinach wraps...mmmm
3	Zoe's Kitchen is good, but that's all I can say about it. I would happily go back for another meal, but it is never my first choice. The food is tasty, but nothing extraordinary. I don't want my review to sound negative - because I've never had a bad experience at Zoe's; it just isn't worth more than 3 stars.
5	Stumbled across Zoes on our way out of town, we're touring musicians so fresh, fast, inexpensive food is super important to us on the road. We got excited as soon as we walked in the door. You could smell the freshness!We had a hard time deciding, but I had the spinach wrap with chicken and Greg had the turkey reuben. Both were fabulous, and the fresh slaw with feta side was fantastic as well. We so wish we had a place like this at home!
2	it is very nice to have a healthier alternative during lunch. That being said, the food really isn't that great and is WAY OVERPRICED. My small pita sandwich (comes with a side), and drink was over $10 bucks. You can go to Paradise or Subway for a whole lot less. Not only that, but there is never any parking available, and most of the menu items are completely bland. Drop the prices and add some flavor to the food.
3	Zoe's is a great place to go to when you dont want to cook dinner and you need something healthy.  I went there yesterday after the gym and ordered the chicken kabobs with extra salad.  Nothing really special about the actual meal, it is just chicken seasoned with some grilled veggies on a bed of salad.  One cool thing about this place is that you get a free small drink after 5pm when you order a dinner meal.  When I checked in on my iPhone I also received a 10% off my next meal there, so I will go back sometime soon.The girl that helped me was really nice which is always a plus!
5	This place is the best! Always friendly staff, super delicious salads and chicken kabobs. Would recommend to all!!!
4	I had to bump Zoe's up a star! Their hummus & pita plate is delish & I love the spinach roll ups, I think they're better than the chicken ones. I also bought a refillable cup that I can bring back for 99 cent refills. I usually come here to get a light, healthy lunch, but if you're feeling like some dessert their chocolate cake is freaking amazing!
4	Spinach wrap and iced  tea, can't go wrong.  Perfect for lunch. Always nice staff as well-service with a smile.
5	I crave Zoe's when I'm in the mood for something light and fairly healthy. I love their chicken salad and tuna salad. Both are pretty much just meat, mayo, and salt/pepper/spices, I think. No onions and no mustard make me a happy chicken/tuna salad eater! I also love their pimento cheese, feta slaw, and potato salad. The chocolate cake, though, is what hooked me onto Zoe's in the first place. It is basically a Texas sheet cake - moist, not too overpoweringly chocolatey, with that boiled fudge frosting that soaks in and seals in the goodness of the cake. {Droooool}
3	Good place for something quick and healthy.  I'm a fan of the pasta salad--it's light and tasty!So glad i live near both locations in central phx--so can do when i feel the urge:)
4	I went to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch last week & had a great meal. I ordered the chicken salad & fruit plate which was pretty big. By the time I ate the chicken salad & fruit I was so full I couldn't eat the remaining greens. They have a ton of soup, salad, sandwich & hummus options - can't wait to try more!
1	What happened to this place? I used to go here quite often, but I am thinking twice before returning. I waited to update this review until I had 3 negative experiences because I wanted to give Zoe's the benefit of the doubt, but things have not improved. First off, there has been water covering the floor of the left side of the restaurant the past 3 times I have been there. I think they have a leaky roof, but it has been weeks, maybe even months, and there is still water. This is hazardous and just plain disgusting. Also, the restaurant is just dirty. I had to ask to have 2 different tables wiped down, and the crumbs from the table were wiped onto the chairs. There were 5 of us in for lunch last week, and every chair was covered in crumbs from the previous diners. So gross! I am sad this place has gone downhill; Zoe's has always been a staple for my friends and me, and now we will have to find a replacement.
1	The reason I Yelp is for entertainment and because I use the reviews from others to choose where I spend my money, so I like doing my part by sharing my own experiences. My intention is not to get free stuff. Ever. I rarely write negative reviews, and the reason I wrote a negative review for Zoe's was because I believe the conditions of the restaurant were a health risk. That being said, here is my update. So one of the managers from Zoe's asks for my phone number so he can find out more information. I give it to him, willing to share my experience. He calls me, hears me out, and apologizes. Then he asks for my address so he can send me a gift certificate. Unnecessary, I tell him, but nice touch. So I give him my address. Now, 2 weeks later, nothing. I messaged the customer service person who had contacted me initially just to let her know the gift card had not arrived. Just pretty surprising the level of poor management. I am no longer wondering what happen to Zoe's because it is pretty self evident.
2	I was pretty excited to try this place.  I love quick, healthy food.  I was disappointed.  My cole slaw was super soggy and loaded with mayo.  I asked for no mustard on my club pita and it had mustard.  The pita was hard around the edges.  I am willing to give it another try.  Or maybe another location.  It could have been just a rare bad day.The service was friendly.
2	Not bad, but not the best.I had been wanting to try Zoe's because I adored their logo and sign font outside their restaurant. Great color scheme. The interior was cute to match and even had local artists' works propped up on ledges which was nice to see the local support. I couldn't figure out if this was a chain or locally owned because it looked borderline corportate inside but had a lot of "we support local" types about. As a first-timer I asked the counter girl her suggestion and she (and the woman behind her) were kind enough to offer up good suggestions. I order Zoe's Club Pita with pasta salad for $8. I walked away but doubled back to ask if it had come with a drink, the counter girl said no but gave me a drink anyway... uh, hello, so nice!I'm glad I took the workers suggestions because the pasta salad was AMAZING! A generous portion of feta cheese and tomatoes was delightful, my only complant was there wasn't enough. I wanted more!My sandwhich on the other hand was a different story. The pita pocket had huge hole in it making it tear and really difficult to handle. The meat wasn't positioned all the way into the pocket and most of it was falling out the top. It was like three slices of ham had been wrapped around huge slices of grilled chicken and shoved into the pita. I was pretty sad to see this. I ate the whole thing and although it was tasty, it wasn't easy to keep altogether.I really appreciated the counter girl's kindness in giving me a drink but the status of the sandwhich was enough to probably deter me from returning. Which is too bad because I love that they support local so much. Maybe I should have had a salad.
5	This was a fresh take and a nice change from the "normal" fast lunches I am used to. One my first visit I asked the lady helping me what she recommended. She said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken. My partner and I got one of each, lets just say this has become a regular stop for us. Food was fresh and tasty and the staff have always been very pleasant.
3	After several negative experiences, I was given several free lunch passes to Zoes, so I figured, what the hey? Might as well enjoy a free meal and see if there have been improvements made. I called and placed a to-go order, which was the same item I always get, the tuna salad sampler. When you call Zoes, they have your phone number in their computer, which tells the person answering what you typically order. So I go into the restaurant, impressed by the new look of Zoes. The floors and tables were clean (Awesome!) and they have new furniture, which has created a warmer feeling in the dining room. The girl who took my order and cashed me out was pleasant and very excited about my free lunch coupon. She was endearing. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face! I get back to work and open the box and...it was the wrong menu item. SNAP. I was so excited. I call back and let them know I was returning to get the correct menu item. When I returned to Zoes, the women who I believe to be the manager, barely grunted at me while handing me my food. No sorry, no please excuse the inconvenience, no nothing. So, A-OK.
5	I would like one of these in NY please!Up until the day I came here I had never had a pimento cheese sandwich before. Let alone a grilled pimento cheese sandwich. So, you must excuse my inability to comment on this pimento cheese sandwich in relation to others. But,  holy fscking god, was this food good!So good I came back the next day to get spinach rolls. Which were like spinach pie but in a crispy tortilla style roll served with some tomato based salsa. T'was fabulous!
3	Everyone I work with loves this place, but I find it a little pricy for what you get.
3	Good food, quick service. Kinda pricey for the brown bag crowd. Great tea!
3	I had no clue I've the sophistication of an earthworm when it comes to food until I read other Zoes Kitchen reviews.  For our information, looking at the Zoe's Kitchen web page, I found out they are a national chain.  Call-in/Take-out and catering are  big parts of the business model.   The fine points of excellence are up to the franchisee.  It looks like people having the worst experiences come in for lunch.  We tried Zoes for an evening meal.  Nicely styled with an attractive glass wall on the north facing McDowell Street.  Outdoor dining.  We got a chicken kabob and a hummus and salad plate.  Both came with a haystack of mixed green salad with onion, Greek olives and feta.  That's fine with me.  The health survey my insurance company bribed me to fill out determined I don't eat enough greens and fruits.  Score one for Zoe's there. Each table had a bottle of Greek dressing so salads are seasoned to taste.  Mine also came with a tiny tub of Tzatziki.The chicken kabob was good.  Chicken, green pepper, onion, cherry tomato.  I found out I like cherry tomatoes much more when they're grilled.  Apparently my family has a gene for fresh tomato aversion.  The grilled cherry T's were very good, the chicken not overcooked, and the rest of the veggies very good.  The amount of hummus, about 3/4 cup, was decent, the pita was served as small wedges.  The taste was hummus and pita.  Not Great, not Terrible.  Our beverages were endless ice tea.  The bit of the meal that was unprofessional in the food service industry was a salad core in Sweet D's greens pile.  The price of our meal was $21.00.   I'm thinking the goal of this Mediterranean fast food franchise is a meal for $10.  We'll go back.  After we try more of the eateries at 7th Ave and McDowell.
4	My 11 year old daughter and I tried Zoes Kitchen for dinner tonight and while expecting an ok cafe and hoping for a quick, decent meal, were pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food. I had the steak roll-ups entree and the rolls were delish! There was tons of flavor in the meat and veggies, the dip was great, and I loved the pasta salad side. My daughter had the chicken roll-ups kids meal and loved it. She tried one of my rolls as well and loved the steak roll-up dip...and ended up taking the rest of the cup of dip home because she loved it so much. I will say the portions were satisfying for us, being smaller girls, but I can imagine that any male I know or someone with a big appetite might be disappointed in just getting one entree so the price point might be high if someone has to compensate for the small portions with extra sides or dishes. We will definitely be back and I want to try the hummus next time along with some other dishes that looked tasty.
3	Good for a quick dinner.
4	Awesome lunch spot! Very fresh foods, you can tell exactly what you're eating.  Even the fruit salad looks made fresh daily (and its not your usual melon and cantaloupe mix).  Their menu is healthy to begin with, but you can also ask for their Simply 500 menu and see all their options with 500 or fewer calories. The Greek chicken pita is huge and only 460 calories...delicious!
3	This place is good, but nothing incredible. I went here for lunch today and it was busy! It was difficult to find parking, but I managed to snag a space (in the lot next door...shhhh don't tell!). Anyway, it was easy enough to order, although none of their dishes really screamed at me (most of them sounded ok, but not great). At someone's suggestion, I ordered the chicken roll ups and they were alright. The chicken and the onions were good, but I think maybe the cheese or something in there made them taste just slightly off. Anyway, it was good, but I wouldn't run over there to get it. This place does get points for being fairly inexpensive and quick.
4	Maybe I've just been lucky - I've always had great experiences at Zoe's.  The albacore tuna pita is great, as is the Greek chicken pita.  Today I had the Chicken pita pizza - amazeballs!  Also, the marinated slaw is to die for - huge chunks of feta cheese.  The service is always fast and friendly, and the food is always fresh.  It's a great lunch spot, if you can find a parking spot ;-)
5	They remembered I ordered the Gruben every time I come here, impressive
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. The food is delicious and not too pricey and I love the fact that it is healthy. One of my favorites is the Lean Turkey Pita. I just love their slaw. There is no maynnaise - just green onions, feta cheese, and their terrific greek dressing. They also have great pasta salad and their chicken roll-ups are fantastic. You absolutely have to get a piece of their chocolate cake as well. It reminds me of my mom's Texas Sheet Cake and it's so good! They also have dinners to go that are amazing.
4	Their greek chicken pita is my favorite lunch dish.  And you need to add some of their house vinegar & oil.
1	This was my first time being there. The smell of the place was kind of stinky. The lady took my order and seemed like she was in a rush (there were no lines).I got my food and drink. The milk tasted bad so I took it back up there and the lady was really rude about it.I ordered the steak kabobs with roasted vegetables and potatoes. The steak itself was tasty. Juicy. Flavorful. The vegetables were old, and the potatoes were soggy and flavorless. It's good to try new things so you know not to go there ever again :)
4	The Chicken Dinner meal is so good!  I find different friends to go there with since I go often and always get the same meal.  I don't want people to think I'm weird by wanting to eat at the same place w/same meal all the time.
5	I have this catered at work often.  Always fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoy the chicken kabob platter with brown rice and fresh salad with Pita.  Very consistent in taste and quality.   I always wonder why this location is not busier.  It is certainly a well kept secret.
4	I enjoy the chicken salad - very good!
2	Overpriced for what you get.
3	Went here for dinner last night for the first time. The desserts and packaged foods looked DELICIOUS. I am picky about meat (like I don't like biting into tendons and things I don't want to eat) so the chicken kabobs were a little iffy (I bit into things I didn't want to eat), but they were seasoned well. The rest of the food was very fresh. The greek salad that I got as a side was great!! A ton of feta cheese on mine, really clean lettuce. The side of rice was great, too. I am gluten-free, so I had to pass on the pita bread, but that looked really good, too. The food was a little simple for my taste, but not bad. I'm not sure if I would go back, just because of my food preferences, but others may love it. They serve you on disposable plates and cups with plastic silverware, so it's a very simple restaurant. Another person in my party got a chicken pita, but it looked like it was only a half pita stuffed with chicken. I personally would have wanted two halves, but I guess I eat a lot...Worth a try once if you like fresh food, pitas, veggies and kabobs. It's a good place to stop in to try something quick and new.Overall, good, but I prefer the restaurants around the area though- there is a Habit Burger, Five Guys, etc that I would prefer.
3	The steak rolls are good but not worth the price
3	I used to not go here anymore because the service was so slow. Decided to give it a shot again a few months ago...and the service still makes for 3 and not a 4 star review. I usually stick to the Greek chicken pita which I've had 3-4 times and it's kind of a hit in miss in terms of how good the chicken is cooked. Sometimes absolutely delicious and other times a little dry. A friend suggested I ask for hummus inside the pita (strange I know) but that really does the trick in terms of having a "good" pita there and if only they could improve their service speed so you don't have to wait 20 minutes each time they would get a 4. I almost gave them 4 this time around because a manager approached us as we were having dinner and of course noticed that we had to get up twice to ask if our order was almost ready. She was nice enough to comp our meal and gave us a gift card, but I don't want that kind act to compromise my review of Zoe's. So 3 stars it is.
5	I needed a place to cater an event for my work and upon my search for "boxed lunches  that deliver," I found Zoes. I didn't want to give folks a typical sandwich boxed lunch and needed something that would appease carnivores, gluten free folks and vegans alike and I feel like Zoes Kitchen was perfect. Working with their sales manager Marissa made the whole process super easy. Their boxed lunches were great! I went with chicken kabobs, veggie kabobs and chicken green salads and was so impressed with the presentation. Delivery and set up was great! The delivery girls did have a spill and 2 veggie kabobs didnt make it but I appreciated that they were honest about it and I was refunded. Zoes had no problem in individually packaging all 110 of my orders. They even brought along some nifty coolers with ice for drinks and all of the necessary paperware/plasticware. They accommodated to my party's needs (chicken and pita bread on sides for vegetarians/gluten free folks). I had the chicken kabob lunch and it was so good! The chicken was flavorful, the salad was refreshing. I was also very happy that I decided to order some of their cookies because they were such a big hit! Everyone at the event raved about the food, so I definitely know who to call the next time I have an event in Phoenix.
4	I love Zoe's.  The food is always good and the service is always pleasant.
4	I live very close by to this Zoe's and go here a lot.  A LOT.  Like, embarrasingly a lot.  And it's always for lunch, and I always order to-go, and I always order the same exact thing, the same exact way:  Greek salad, no olives, no potato salad, extra red onions.  I used to have a problem where I'd get home and find chicken added to it (a no-no for a vegetarian like me), but I haven't had that issue in about a year.  Nonetheless, I check it while I'm still there every time to make sure.  The salad is big and tasty (especially without those nasty olives or unnecessary potato salad glob at the bottom), and I feel like it's pretty healthy and low calorie.  The service is nice and pretty efficient, even during weekday lunch rush when it's a real challenge to find parking and maneuver around the lot without getting hit.  They don't even embarrass me about coming so often and ordering the same exact thing, haha.  The one thing I can say as a critique- they could be a bit more consistent on their salads.  Sometimes there is a ton of something, like lettuce or feta, and other times it's challenging to find it at all.  This place is solid.
4	I felt bad tonight because we were in a total hurry but we stopped in to grab a biteWe hadn't been to Zoe's Kitchen so we weren't really sure what to expectAfter looking at the menuI decided on the Zoe's Club Pita with potato salad as my sideI like how they have the Coke Free machines :)It wasn't extremely busy but our food took almost 30 minutes and we were in such a hurry that we almost got a refundJust because we had something due within the next hourThe lady in charge of distributing the orders was very nice and let us know that our food was readyShe even offered a chocolate cakeThank you!I felt so bad because I am one of the most patient people and I understand the restaurant business and timeNext time we know about the online ordering and even the mobile app orderingI got home and was very excited to eat my dinner and it was very tastyThe pita had a great amount of grilled chicken & hamThe potato salad was yummy as wellAll in all, Zoe's kitchen is good in my book and the only head's up I would give to anyone is that this is a lovely sit down restaurant, very healthy and modern. The decor is very hip and modern and I really like the doors. It fits in well on the 7th Ave/Mcdowell strip We will be back and hopefully next time we won't have to rush :)
4	First off AMAZING chocolate cake!! Most of the good is awesome !! But sometimes service is a little slow :-/
2	The kabob dinner was delicious. The chicken tasted great, the greek salad it was served on was flavorful.***HOWEVER***In an attempt to order, I stood DIRECTLY in front of a woman I presume was the manager for several minutes while she scribbled down a catering order as if her life depended on it. When she finally looked up, she pretended she hadn't seen me walk up ("Oh, I didn't see you there..." ...really?!? SO cliche, don't do all that, girl...) and implied I should have tried harder to make myself known. Thanks for the lesson on conducting myself socially , but NO THANKS.The cherry on top of that experience was the latex glove I found buried in the greek salad on my second bite. The food is good and most of the staff is friendly and attentive, but that woman!! She needs to be Gordon Ramsey-ed right in the face!
4	This place is a chain restaurant, so it doesn't really need a review, but since I eat here probably once a week, I thought I'd give my take on it anyway!I think their Greek salad is great.  It has veggies on it like cucumber, tomato, green bell pepper, and those pepperoncini peppers.  Their dressing is light and simple, which I love.  I can just order the side of Greek salad, which is like $2.80 and I feel pretty full after that.  But I usually also get a side pasta salad or side of hummus also.  The other stuff on the menu is not that great, nothing spectacular -- oh except for the chocolate cake!  I love that cake and the frosting they put on top which is thin and forms a slight crunchy crust on top.  My only complaint with the cake is that the slices are cut very inconsistently.  So sometimes I get small slices and sometimes I get huge slices.
4	Lots of really great choices on the menu.  If I had to design the perfect menu, it'd be pretty close to this.  When I get back to serious weight loss, I'll be coming in here a lot.  Lots of salads and meals that are low on carbs and heavy on veggies and meat.The beef they use is not good though.  The beef kabobs are really, really chewy.  I grew up with cheap beef and it is my style, but I know a lot of people would be very disappointed.  Learn how to do beef better.  I'm sure you've already lost customers with that stuff.  I'll get the chicken next time.
4	Was driving thru town looking for a hole in the wall, but instead found this Mediterranean cuisine. I was tempted to keep driving, but figured screw it, let's try it out. First impression - very commercial. Opposite of what I was looking for. Kind of depreciated my experience, since I prefer ma and pa types. Very clean and geometric, yet almost uncomfortable. Prices are average, and so is the food. Although, the people were friendly and quickly got my order to me. Probably won't come back :(
4	At McDowell, near 7th Avenue, we always like to get their Greek Salad with Grilled Chicken added. It's pretty hearty & we love their Greek Salad Dressing....yummy!  ....Kinda don't like sitting on their hard plastic chairs though.  :(
4	The food is always good and I Dont feel like I am ever eating bad here. Its always clean and the staff is friendly.
5	Had the best first experience here. I decided to try Zoe's Kitchen out for my first time and ordered the Chicken Pita Pizza. I informed the cashier that I had never been here and she certainly was friendly and welcoming. In fact, the entire staff were just was warm. My pita pizza was pretty darn good, and upon giving me my to-go order I was handed a complementary cookie for the wait. Which that too was absolutely delicious. They are good people over at this location. I will be returning next time I am back on this end of town!
