5	Best place to watch football (and other sports too I guess:)) Q is the greatest bartender and always has our drinks ready for us from the time we walk in the door.Love the fatty food when you just want to let go, have great service, great sports, and good games.
3	Sports bar with a focus on wings.  There's a crazy amount of TVs here so its good for watching the game and they promote what they call a "table-gate" experience but I've not been there during a live football game so I can't comment to that.  I kind of wish I could give this place 3.5 stars because while the meat quality isn't anything to write home about, they do sport quite a good variety of flavors as well as dry rub flavors with both bone in and boneless styles.*Serves coke products
4	I have died and gone to heaven. This place is a total dream for me. Televisions EVERYWHERE (including outside) playing different sporting events and juicy, meaty wings. Sure the service isn't all that great but with a ball game on and a beer in your hand you can't really go wrong. This place totally fills up for ASU games so get there early. It's a great environment to hang out and watch a game!
5	Bartenders are awesome Q, and booze are the shit!
4	Had a good time here for dinner last night. Good wings (sauces!) and beer (Newcastle on tap!). The staff was very attentive and courteous. The entire experience maintained my good feelings about B-dub dub. I would have gone again tonight except I wanted to try a new spot (Majerle's) I will come back to this location as it was a very enjoyable experience. Hope you have a chance to try it out and you have as good of a time as I did.
5	I havn't been able to find a place with tastier wings than this! The mango habenero wings are the best. Its really the sauce that makes them so if you order anything else from the menu that gives you a choice of wing sauce, get the mango habenero if you love spicy. Its sweet but very spicy (2nd to last in line for spiciness of the sauces) but the flavor is beyond amazing! Another flavor that is good is the asian zing if you are not that into spice. The hub loves the garlic parmesan wings. Kind of a different flavor and might not be for some people. If you are not a wing lover, there are other items on their menu that are good choices. I love their buffalo chicken flatbread pizza as well as their buffalitos. For sides and appetizers, their buffalo chips, crispy southwest dippers, roasted garlic mushrooms with southwest ranch, and slammers with hamburger and pepperjack cheese and pretty legit. For wing lovers, remember that Tuesday is their cheap wing night and Thursday is cheap boneless wings. Also, while you are waiting on your food, make sure to request a trivia/ poker device so you can play games as you wait. Lastly, if you are on a strict diet, do not go here. I don't think there is one healthy thing on their menu. Even their salad is loaded with cheese.
3	Tried it for the first time back in July. Went with my family and visiting cousin who has gone to this place in other cities.  First the place is set up horribly - too many tables once you load people into them. Not even enough room to make an aisle to walk through, whether my son going to the restroom or the waitress serving us.The service (Stacey) was good though, no complaints there. The food was ok - we had the medium (sauce) and buffalo (dry rub) wings and fries. Again, the place is called Buffalo Wild WINGS, so to me if you can't do wings you fail. In this case, the wings were good, so pass.I can't give them 4 stars (I'm a fan rating) cuz quite frankly I am biased toward that place of orange and white, which I judge "wing places" against. To me they are perfection. This place is good and it's closer to me, so will do, particularly when it cools off and the football games are on.
4	Best place at the mall to watch sports and great place to relax/drink if the girl is inside shopping and spending money :)Not sure how long this location has been here because I think I remember it being something else, but then again I'm not one to frequent malls too often. First off... LOVE the fried mushrooms and fried pickles... honestly can't really find those anywhere else around - not that i've seen.Wings are always good though I do have a issue with the amount of hard breading that's on the boneless chicken wings... always seems excessive. Salsa seems to change temperature, the girl says sometimes it's too hot for her, but mostly is the same. Different cooks perhaps? Celery costs extra = lame... it's frickin celery... Anyways, at least they don't charge for refills lol... (yet). But overall pricing is fair and normal.This location is very clean, again which leads me to believe it's newer? Seems to be great TV viewing, more-so in the bar area than the table area however - so be mindful of that. Service was quick and very friendly. Outside patio along the walkway near chipotle in the mall is good for people watching too, however you have to deal with no TV's and smokers :/
5	I didn't even know this location was there... score! We were leaving the mall on a Saturday morning, just before lunchtime and saw this BWW. We went in, got a seat at a table near the bar and were promptly greeted. We ordered the fried pickles (my fav) and I had a chicken wrap. Yum. The location was very clean and since it was a Saturday, they had a bunch of different NCAA football games on the TVs. Another group of people requested that one of the big TVs be changed to a specific game and they changed it within seconds. Would definitely go back.
5	Best. Wings. Ever. If you haven't ever tried their Terikayi wings they are to die for, they are the perfect mix of sweet and salty and crispy and amazing. I always get a side of buffalo chips with Ranch and the combo is perfect. Wash them down with some iced tea and you're golden! I also really enjoy their garlic parmesean wings, which seem to be made with real garlic (they have that tiny bit of spicy that hits your tongue) and parmesean. All around great place!
2	Sooo, my rating isn't really regarding the food. I've been twice- waited until after the 2nd time to Yelp to give them a fair chance but really wanted to share my experience to possibly save somebody else from the hassle.... Both times the food was pretty good.  The wings weren't amazing but they certainly weren't terrible either. My biggest beef is with the service. BOTH times we had suuuuuuuper slow servers. Both times they screwed up at least 2 times.  The first guy gave us the wrong order, I'm a good patron, I totally expect stuff happens and I usually give the benefit of the doubt. Well- he AGAIN brought the wrong thing. How does one manage to do that!?We decided to give them another try since it's the closer BWW to us and we were totally craving wings. Well? It was way worse this time.  Food quality was the same- pretty good.  Service? Sucky.  It was really odd because there seemed to be an over abundance of employees scheduled this particular night and yet the service was super slow.  When the girl finally came to take our orders, I ordered a soft drink and my boyfriend ordered a beer.  So she comes back and does get my drink right, but brings him a completely different beer.  I try to flag her down as she leaves without even asking if we were good and tell her she's given us the wrong beer. "Oooops! I'll be back!" No lie- at least 5 mins later she finally shows up with the correct one.  The food arrived and this time there were no hiccups with the wings, so we were just trying to enjoy the meal. So again I had to flag her down for a refill on my beverage and again for the check since we wanted to catch a movie.The check shows up and I always look to make sure things are ok (especially when I can tell the server is a ditz) and sure enough- she charged us for the incorrect beer AND the one he originally ordered and got eventually.  I flag her down again and tell her about it and she apologizes and says she'll fix it.At this point, my boyfriend had given her the card to charge after she had fixed the tab. I warned him against it because the girl was dumb as rocks, but let the inevitable happen.Minutes later she appears and says she's having trouble figuring out how to remove the charge and that she had charged the card before she changed the total. Awesome.So now the manager had to come and fix the whole mess and we were FINALLY on our way.We both decided that we'd never come back to this particular location and try the Gilbert location off Gilbert.
4	We had the Chandler lunch club at the Elliott location in Feb. It was awesome. Gayle, the owner did a fantastic job. Great food, great service, in a a timely manner. It was great.
3	Pretty good place to see a game, this location is smaller than most I have been to.Waitstaff are friendly.
3	This place is decent.  I like the atmosphere OK, the wait staff is friendly enough, and the food is decent.  I've had a few different things off the menu and there was nothing was memorable other than the wings.  The wings are good, but not great.  They don't overcook them and they are a good size yet even with all the flavors they lack one that I HAVE to go back and eat.I also think they could add a couple more micro brews into their beer selection and considering they don't have happy hour, it isn't cheap to go for a round of beers and some wings.
4	Took a group here after a movie event I put together. We called ahead so they were expecting us. It was a packed night, as game 7 of the NBA Finals was on.Took awhile to be greeted by the host - wondered where they were.Got seated with my friends and was greeted by a very pleasant and personable server.Our wings took too long to come out. Timed it about 13 minutes from the time I placed the order. Not sure if that was typical, but seemed too long.Once they did arrive they were a welcome treat, very tasty, loved the meat and the sauce.Took the fudge cake to go, and enjoyed that as well, but only slightly above average.The bill was fair for what we got in exchange. There is value here and I'm sure that I'll be back. Thanks guys.
4	The servers here are super friendly and always make ma laugh even when I'm having a bad day. We go here for ufc fights. Sit outside and watch the fights it's always so nice. I love the mango habenero wings delicious.
4	I always end up here during a game or something. Good atmosphere, good food, good beer.
2	Possibly the worst service I've had at a valley restaurant in years. The manager must be trying to save money on the electric bill this week as the indoor ambient temp is a very uncomfortable 87 degrees tonight. Wings were decent enough to earn two stars. Probably won't be back to this Chandler mall location again
4	So I won a free a meal from a friend who was doing a little picture contest and the place was my pick, So I picked Buffalo Wild Wings, if yall haven't learned yet I love love love spicy hot food, you're thinking wings huh? I'm not the type that digs the vinegar based sauces that are on soo many wings out there. I like that Buffalo Wild Wings offers so many choices and yes even offer the vinegar based ones too!! My lips were craving the burn wanted to feel the heat!!! So I ordered boneless wings covered in the Mango Habanero sauce, its sweet and burns you at the same time!! Hot damn!! I have tried so many times at home to recreate this sauce, but yet have failed, have even thought about getting a part time job in the kitchen to master it, but yea that would take too much time and effort on my part and it's just easier going to BWW and ordering them and yes I know I can just buy the sauce by the bottle, but I'm a cooking nerd and like to try to recreate things from scratch. Next time I'm going to ask for heavy sauce!!  I also ordered the Honey BBQ Bacon Burger with coleslaw, had been craving coleslaw for a while and I got it, it was nice and cool and great for after the wings!! But I know I will be back!  In fact I already hear the Mango Habanero wings already calling my name!
2	2 ice teas in a row so far and brought with lemon when I asked for none. Starting today waitresses get no tip if their listening skills are lacking....
2	Yeck.  A party of 5 from the office ventured here for lunch on somebody's whim.  Mistake.  It took them about 5 minutes to pull 2 tables together and seat us - and the place was 3/4 empty, even right at high noon.  You'd have thought we were a party of 20.  Then after we got seated, nobody waited on us for an eternity.  Finally a young waiter ventures by and asks if we've been helped yet.  It was clear we weren't "his" table but he went ahead and took our orders since we'd been neglected.  The food was slow to come out (again, despite the joint being mostly empty), and was ho-hum at best, worse than that to some in the group.  I had come sort of chicken finger concoction that was as forgettable as my last gas station burrito.  Don't bother.. sketchy service and forgettable food in a spot where there are tons of other better choices.
1	Okay with a name like BWW I knew they knew what they were doing aside the drinks from the bar.  They Sucked Big Time !!!  food was whack! as my wife explained it was a place to go to watch sports and drink beers and after a 6 pack anything taste good. Not the BWW I knew in California .... NEVER AGAIN ~ Spent almost $70.00 and felt robbed.
4	BWW is one of those places where you have to know what they are good at, and focus on that. BWW is good for: wings, bar food, beer, and the game. That's about it. If you're expecting gourmet burgers, look elsewhere. If you want a place to watch all of the games and get reliably decent wings, they hold up. Are they the best? No. Still, I never have to guess about what I'm going to receive, and the quality of the product they do best is quite good. If you go for lunch, sit at the bar and get one of the specials. Not bad for under $10 with a drink.
2	I can't say I'd bother going here again since there are much better options.My salad although good crisp lettuce had a processed chicken on top that wasn't good and the spicy chile dressing they splashed on, although I asked for dressing on the side, was too hot!  Made it inedible.If your looking for cheap beer until 7:00 pm and fried foods, you may like this spot.Definitely no shortage of TV's.
1	This review is for food only!  TERRIBLE!  I know its a chain, but come on!  Don't bother if you have any inkling of eating.  Good if you just want to watch the game and drink beer...
2	Do not eat here on cheap wing nights (Tuesdays and Thursdays). I've come to realize that both the service and the food are terrible on these days.
4	I haven't gone to BWW for a long time but will start going again if I want the buffalo wings. They were very good. The wait staff filled our drinks and it didn't really matter if it was our usual waiter. If one of the waiters noticed our drinks getting low they would fill them. The atmosphere was pretty decent.
2	Okay, so I've been to the Gilbert location, and the recently closed Alma School location and never had an issue...I officially had and issue!So we walked in waiting for a table and...that's it.We waited for EVER!We stared at a few waiters and waitresses who looked at us, and the guy waiting behind us and nothing...We sat at the entrance looking at people expecting someone to check on us, and finally an older grey haired woman, CLEANING HIGH TOPS IN THE BAR AREA, looked at us...AND WENT BACK TO WHAT SHE WAS DOING!!!!!!!!!!BAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!She was the only person for miles wearing a polo so something told me this was our gal.  However when she decided she was done, she trounced over and acted like we had been there for seconds when we had been there for almost 10 minutes waiting for life!!!She annoyed me...Word to the wise: PLEASE DO NOT DISAPPEAR FOREVER WHEN YOU HAVE A LINE OF PEOPLE WAITING FOR A TABLE TO SEE SOME SHITTY COYOTES GAME JUST BECAUSE THEY'RE IN THE PLAYOFFS!  YOU'RE A SPORTS BAR!!!!!!!The food was okay, as usual.  However, now you have to pay extra for veggies???????????For shit service, middle of the road wings, and a TV... I'll stay home.  Thanks Buffalo!
1	Food was consistently not good and drinks you can't really mess up.  I wouldn't go back EVER!
3	Yea I being to many BWW.....this one was average good. The wings are always a good choice. I kind of hate how they did the menu (no more flat bread?). Good drink menu but can be better. I just feel the set up as so close together....need more space. Anyways there are other bars to watch sports on.
3	Really stupid that they wud charge 99c to substitute fries for a small side salad !!!! That's y everyone's becoming fat lol
2	We sat outside patio. Waited 10 minutes for service. Then waited 10 minutes to get my beer. Wings came no ranch. When asked again waited. I assumed was the manager in blue button up long sleeve shirt asked how our service was. After telling him how bad service was he made the excuse that waiter had too many tables. Don't see how that is a good reason for our bad service.  Upon leaving manager in blue shirt looked at us but never said bye. Even appeared to be bad mouthing.. This was my worst Buffalo Wild Wings experience. . Thx yelp!
1	Horrible experience, we got there and nobody had any idea what they were doing. After sitting for what seemed forever we got a seat, the waiter came promptly took our drink order and came back fairly quick, so far so good, right.  After asking for sweet and low for my tea we didn't see the waiter again for close to 10 minutes. When he returned to take our order I still had no sweet and low, asking again giving him the benefit of the doubt I didn't receive any until I asked the manager. Our food was delivered by another server and it came out cold and hard, we all ran out of drinks with no refills and didn't see our waiter again until it was time to pay. Our bill totaled $33.44 I gave the waiter a gift card with $25 on it and my bank card to put the rest on. He came back with a receipt showing $8.44, thinking it was right I tipped him $8.56 (much more than he deserved) after going to the movies I checked my bank account online the waiter charged the entire bill on my card and pocketed the gift card. Horrible service, gross food and a thief. Guess I now have to fight a battle tomorrow.
2	Friendly staff and great options for sauce. But quality of food of comparable to cafeteria food. Feel like Im eating at high school again.
1	WORST WINGS EVER!! How can they be so disgusting?? I got sick after trying to eat two wings. And by try, I mean I took the skin off to allow all the grease to drain, yes DRAIN, from under the skin before taking a bite. They were slimy, oily, and un-flavorful even with spicy garlic sauce.  After pointing this out to the waitress, she informed us that they no longer had a grill...and everything is fried. Period. You have a restaurant.... your main food is chicken wings and you don't have a grill? Disgusting disgusting disgusting. After an hour my stomach was upset and I felt like I was going to heave. Not going back there, not sure what I was thinking since there is a brewery right next door.  :-/
5	We ate there tonight but we were nervous to because of the reviews. Much to our surprise we had fabulous service. Our waiter, Ron was so nice and personable. We had a small issue with our food but when we brought it to Ron's attention, Daniel the manager took care of it instantly. He was so nice and generous even though it was a minuscule mistake. I don't know how the past few reviews were so bad. Wild wings are usually the same across the board. Its wings. They are going to be a little greasy. But they are delicious that way!!We had a great time here tonight!!
1	This place was awful!  We showed up on a Sunday around 5pm, wanting a meal before we hit the movies.  We were seated immediately in a 3/4 empty restaurant (both patios were also empty) and we waited.  We waited, we waited, we waited.  It's not that the waitstaff didn't see us.  Four different servers and a manager walked past our table (there was a total of 10 passes between them all).  After 10 minutes of waiting without being greeted, water, anything, we picked up and left.  The best part was when we walked out and one of the FOUR employees at the front desk said "Thanks for coming!"  Are you kidding me?  I will never eat at any of these establishments again.
4	Good place to grab wings and beer. I went the opening day of Man of Steal. It was crowded but not to bad. It was fun being able to play the video poker game with more then just the poeple at my table. The servers were nice and fast. Over all I like it.
2	Buffalo Wild Wings have really good wings but I was not impressed by their service. My roommates and I came Sunday evening to grab dinner and the restaurant was not busy at all. We were seated immediately but we waited about 15 min for our server to come take our drink order. There was plenty of other staff members who could have helped but instead they were all standing in the front just talking with each other.  It would have been nice if the servers helped one another and grabbed drinks for the tables. But I guess the conversation they were having was way more important then serving the customers. Our server was nice but she barely came around to our table. It took forever to get drink refills.
4	great boneless wings!!
2	I came here at 10 p.m. on a Tuesday night. I was sat on the patio and waited and waited and waited. I saw the hostess throw her arms up in exasperation when I didn't get served. I kept leaning over and staring at all the servers but no one ever came to the patio. I waited for a full 15 minutes. As I was walking out the door I noticed a manager there, so I called the restaurant. When I explained the situation to him, he gave me an apathetic response of "I'm sorry." Now I work in upper management and I thought it was weird that he didn't say anything else...just silence. So I said "You don't seem very concerned." He came back with  "I am, it's too bad you don't come back." Or something to that effect. Honestly trust the other reviews. Depending on the day you go (esp if the manager is there) total nightmare. Honestly it should be the opposite. If a manager's on site everybody should be hustling. Anybody who has had poor service, I recommend complaining to corporate.***Update: After I left a scathing review with Corporate the ACTUAL manager of the restaurant personally called me. She agreed with my sentiments and was upset with the supervisor and wait staff. I just really hope they get their act together...
4	The service here is usually very friendly. The wait staff isn't incredibly attentive, but the wings are usually prepared well, and it's certainly worth going for a good discount on Wing Tuesdays: wings then are 60 cents per. I prefer boneless, hubby gets the traditional: I'm glad they changed the discount to either option.
1	I want to give this place 0 stars I was here waited for ever for my table and then they started to sit people who came in after me first when I asked why ohh there a large party so we seat them first then I get my table and it's dirty food on seats top is sticky the gm then said sorry for the confusion but never offered me any comps or anything did not offer to even clean the table very disappointed
3	This will be a short review... when BWW came out, I really liked their wings. But over the years it seems like they've moved into cooking their wings and then just splashing sauce on them as you order them. This is OK, so long as you know this is what you are getting.On a side note - I am allergic to the Caribbean Jerk. LOL.
5	best selection of wings - boneless and regular. Super affordable beer and wide variety on tap. love it. Go say hi to Theresa at the bar!
4	This place is right by my house. So we go here frequently - especially on cheap wing nights. So here's the deal - we stopped going for a while because the service was terrible and our order was always messed up. We gave them another chance because ... convenience, you know? They've gotten much better with service. We normally order to go and they haven't messed up an order in quite some time. I know this is an odd thing to notice but they list their sauces in order of spiciness and I definitely think the Spicy Garlic is significantly hotter than the Asian Zing - which by the way is my favorite sauce. The food is fine - it's a chain so I kind of rate them on another level. The food is basic, nothing fancy, nothing out of the ordinary and it's good enough. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this is not the place. When we have eaten here in the past, we spend a lot of the time yelling at each other because it's very loud. Not that that is necessarily a bad thing.
1	My wife and i went for lunch the service was so bad 15 minutes for a server to ask what we needed her words ( what do you need to drink) told manager the service was bad he said well maybe next time it will be better sorry and just at this location at the chandler mall
5	I am here at least once a week.  Their wing sauces and rubs are amazing (try the buffalo dry rub).  AND it's one of the only places I can watch my east coast teams play (GO CAPS!).
1	Ordered online, everything was old, burnt, cold, horrible, never ordering from here again.
4	The BWW chain, pretty standard throughout the US. No real difference. Tons of TV's, tons of space, service is relatively quick when empty, and giant tall glasses for all drinks.Asian zing is my fav, chipotle bbq dry rub is my second fav, and they never disappoint. Honey garlic (available for a limited time)  was pretty good too. They are also giving samples of a garlic dip for french fries and that was pretty great too.Happy hours have a good number of beers and appetizers on discount. My fav appetizer has got to be the mini corn dogs which were are an absolute must-have.
2	I like Buffalo Wild Wings. I've never really had a problem at one before. But this was a pretty terrible experience. I was able to get a table no problem, and the server came out pretty quickly. But it went downhill from there. Once I ordered, it took a really long time to get my food. Then, when it did come out, half of my order was wrong. So I had to wait again to get the rest of my order. My food was delivered to my table in three separate trips. No apology for the wait, no discount. So I finally finish my food, get a to-go box for the half of my order that was received last so I'd already eaten the rest of it, and pay. Then when my transaction hits my bank, I realized they'd overcharged me. There were two transactions for BWW on my bank account instead of one. Just a bad experience all around. I won't be back.
2	Never fails for something to go wrong at this location. I love the food but there has not been one time when I have came here & something has not gone wrong. The staff never brings me my veggies, out of  all the 4 times I've gone to this location. The veggies are supposed to come with the wings unless it's a "wing day" from what I know.  The staff takes forever to check if you need a refill. One time they brought me 4 wings when I ordered 5 and accidentally charged me for extra wings. Another time they  gave me a completely different order from my original order and the food was cold. If I do come to this location it's not by choice it's with my friends but I warn them and they witness it every time.
3	I thought their wings are incredibly good. I never missed their Tuesday/Thursday specials. I tried almost all their sauces available, including new and limited time. The only complaints I have are the staffs, they aren't as friendly as other places. Sometimes when I go in to pick up my take-out order they'd tell me to go to the bar and ask for them. When I do go to the bar, I have to wait to be noticed by a busy bartender. Why would they hire 3-4 people hanging around at the door and I have to go look for my food? You know other restaurants around the corner offer curbside pickup?
2	I'm not a big fan of this place to begin with....but a friend wanted to go to watch the basketball finals. Got the nachos.....definitely no good. I also ordered a Tangier a and tonic....Also no good. If you decide to go here....stick with the wings. Otherwise....I recommend that you don't come here. I won't be back.
3	The wings are ok....mango habenero and jammin jalapeno are amoung my favs...service can be on point some days and then some days not so much   J.R. is def my favorite and most out going and personable server this location has...
5	Love this place. Yummy food for such a great price. Lots of TVs as well to be able to see different games at the same time.
4	It was a great place to watch a game, enjoy an array of tantalizing wings, and wash them down with an average-priced brew. Besides the place being a bit dark, the location of BWW, the friendly staff, and the speed of service was exactly what we needed and received!
4	Nice food. Mainly chicken wings and some veggies on the side.Good ambience to watch some sports while you're enjoying the flash fried wings....
1	The operations GM gave everyone who entered the craziest attitude because the place was packed for World Cup. I didn't appreciate it at all. I asked for a seat and she said they're not seating anymore. I then asked so if someone leaves what happens. She said then if you're on the list you get the next seat. I was confused. I asked her to add me at the next available table.
2	This Buffalo Wild Wings has the worse customer service.  I have been to other locations and never experienced this bad of customer service anywhere else. Our waitress only came to take our order and never came back to see if our orders were correct or refill our drinks. The guy that dropped our food off said he was coming back with more ranch and never did.   We never received boats for the bones from our wings so resorted to putting them on the table. When we had asked someone else to assist is she rolled her eyes and with attitude asked if there was anything else we needed. I would go to any other location except this one.
1	Everything tastes the same....no matter what you order.  You should just order fried surprise since it doesn't matter what you order anyway
4	We went here for lunch on Saturday.  Our waitress was friendly, and the food came out hot and fresh.  We both got wings (salt and vineger, honey bbq), and split a basket of fries.  Due to the heat, everyone was crammed inside, but overall it didn't much detract from the experience.  Drink refills were prompt and didn't require asking.  One of our better BWW experiences lately!
3	While this location has the same look and feel as the chain overall, it is definitely a smaller, more compact, location. The seating here felt very cramped and we were both bumped into regularly throughout our meals by people walking by us (staff and other patrons).  We ordered ten wings and some fries to share between us since we were both just looking for a lighter lunch. The food came out after a little bit of a wait but everything was hot and prepped as ordered.  The game offerings are a big plus for this location since it's compact, you can really see the TV trivia games from any of the seats. They offer a free app to play along on your smartphone, or on one of their gaming devices if you prefer. Overall: BBusy location, cramped seating, but fun games and the standard variety of wing options you expect from the chain.
2	Nothing special, I expected more form this place. If I was taken on a date to this place there would not be a second date.  I've had beater food, better  and beater service, then this place. the only good things was the beer and time wasted at a decent costs.
4	Boneless Thursdays are really my only excuse to come here. The wings can be hit-or-miss sometimes regarding moisture content and sauciness, but are tastey regardless.
5	The chairs are too close together in the dining area but the food is always good. Lemon pepper traditional are always good with a blue moon. Chile con queso dip for an appetizer is never a disappointment. Always so fresh and tastes soooo good.
1	Never coming here again! Dirty place! Table next to us been dirty since we got here. Food is taking too long been waiting for 40 mins and still waiting while writing this.  While restaurant is empty only 2 tables!!! My drink bloody Mary full of Tabasco is done. My 2 boys are tired of waiting. I don't recommend this place
2	The only reason they're getting 2 stars is because the chicken was alright. From the moment we walked in to the cramped, tiny entrance we were made to wait. No hostess in sight. When we got someone to talk to use we were told "sit at the bar, it'll be a while before a waitress can come and take your drink order" uh okay. It's almost comical so we decided to stay and see if they were just bustin our chops. Well the waitress came in a timely manner which changed the sour taste I had for this specific establishment, but then we ordered food...big mistake. I felt like we were burdens to our waitress, she didn't even bother writing down our order which of course meant we got served wrong type of sides. Fine, but to see her chatting it up with male patrons made me upset especially since we waited over 22 minutes (clock at the bar told me) for our Luke warm food really ripped me off. She seemed upset when we asked for our correct order but then again it could've just been her face since I didn't see her crack a smile whatsoever with us. They weren't even busy so that couldn't have been an excuse for the bad service, I just know I won't come to this BWW again
2	This location was better when it first opened now it seems like the food has gone down hill. Last time there my wife said there was no toilet paper in the womens washroom and the mens room was god awe full dirt mess! Just think its not just customers using that washroom but employees who are handling your food! Had a tall draft beer and it tasted like soap, sent it back and got another just like it. Thinking that they don't clean the tapper lines like they should be doing? This location isn't on my list of places to go from here out.
1	So I'm worried I might get salmonella. That chicken raw though. Other then the raw chicken. I enjoy the place. Nice place to hang out. Service isn't too bad. Forgot a few orders (carrots ranch)
4	Service was good. Beer was cold. Football was on. What's not to love?
