5	While I was visiting Madison this past weekend, my lady and I found ourselves inside a sexy restaurant called Francesca's Al Lago.  The lights were low, but not so low you get lost on the way to the bar.  We started off at the bar eating sensual appetizers and drinking exceptional martinis.  They even gave me extra maraschino cherries so I could arouse my girl by showing her how I can tie the stems in knots with my tongue.  WINK!  We then migrated to a table where we sampled various pastas and fed each other bites of each other's meals.  The Faggotara pasta was so good I popped a bonedaddy under the table.  I must admit I got a little loaded thanks to the sexy bartenders, but it only fueled a garlic-filled love fest later that night.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Chain restaurants are pretty lame, but the Madison offspring of the Chicago branches was both tantalizing and enchanting.  I'm used to classy NYC dining establishments, but this joint had me all hot and bothered!
4	The food was terrific, the atmosphere was nice albeit a little loud, the serving sizes were big (the pasta dishes could easily be shared by 2 people), and the servers were prompt and attentive.  The pasta with chicken, pine nuts and pesto sauce was delicious.  Also, the pasta dish with tomato sauce, sausage, and maybe some veggies was tasty.  Overall, would definitely go back, although maybe earlier in the evening or when it's a little less busy so it's not as loud.
2	We gave it a try... honestly we did.  Went in for appetizers and drinks during the middle of the day once, then came back for pizzas for lunch, and finally even gave a full out dinner a shot this week.  I'm sorry to say, but Francesca's just simply isn't that good.So, here are the obligatory nice things to say: nice people, casual atmosphere yet in a nice refined interior, and a bar area that could even persuade me to drop in for a drink or two while downtown.  Now, why it's just not a place I'll give a fourth try to:  -Busboys... in an momentary lapse of judgment, and/or 'different way to run a restaurant,' there are what seem to be 2 or 3 busboys for every table, and they must have a bet going, and/or are paid on commission of how little time someone can finish a meal before they grab the dish away from them.  Honestly, by the third time we were visiting, it became humorous.-Pizza... the pizza crust, it's just bad.  I was hoping to have some hand crafted brick oven tasty goodness, but alas it is bland, hard to chew, and seems to be mass produced.  This is a big miss, especially since they have a pizza special for their lunches and are supposed to be a 'trattoria' with 'simple, rustic cooking' (per their website). -Pasta... in the ravioli di funghi (mushroom ravioli) that I had, one could taste the treated water in which it was either prepared or cooked.  And if that chlorinated taste wasn't the water, then I really don't want to think about.  On the upside... the sauce was okay. -Noise... on the first visit, we had the 'rents in town, and the first thing that they commented was, "This place is going to be loud."  Hypothesis: true.  Dinner on a Friday night is not a place for conversation.  I could say more, but those are the main points that begin to stand out... and once they start to get to you, the rest of it just simply falls apart.  So, I hate to say it, because I wanted to like it, but Madison has too many great restaurants to spend an evening at Francesca's.
3	Somewhat disappointed. I am very familiar with the Fracesca's family of restaurants from the Chicago area and I have always had excellent food and service. One of my favorite things at Francesca's is the bread with oil. The bread at Al Lago came to the table cold and somewhat stale. Now I know it wasn't stale, it most likely spent a decent amount of time in a bread warmer, and then spent an even greater amount of time sitting out in the prep area. Nothing more disappointing than room temperature, tough bread. The oil didn't help either - not enough garlic/basil... almost just like plain oil. The server was eh... she asked if I knew what bruschetta was, rhetorically, and then proceeded to tell me. It was a bit condescending. I know that's not what she intended, but her delivery was stilted and choppy. Maybe she was stoned? Anyhow, the calamari seemed slightly undercooked, but my entree was definitely solid. I will give this place a chance or two more, because I know that Francesca's can deliver a fantastic product - maybe they're still trying get established at this point as they're fairly new. I know they could really bury places like Tutto Pasta, but if Al Lago continues to fall below the high standard I know from Chicago they might not do so well. I really hope they pick up their game!
1	I originally gave this place 3 stars.  I thought it was a decent option.  Nothing special, but fine.  I've changed my mind.  We have had a couple of service issues here in the past but nothing like this visit.  It was Staruday night, but we had a reservation for 8pm.  When we arrived, we saw a bunch of people standing in the lobby, but we thought they probably hadn't called ahead.  I was wrong.  All of the 7:30 people were still waiting for their seating.  We had to wait 40 minutes before it was our turn.  It is ridiculous to wait 40 min with a RESERVATION.  It didn't get much better.  Our server forgot my wine, didn't return for long periods, etc.  We did have a great busboy who keep our water filled, but that was small consolation.  Never once did anyone apologize for our experience or offer to comp part of our meal.  We ended up dropping close to $75 after tip for a horrible experience.  That was two entrees, two salads, two glasses of wine.  There are better options in Madison, no reason to bother with this place.My original revview:This review is based on three visits in the past few weeks.  I really like what they've done with the space, though it can get pretty loud.  I've been satisfied with the food and drink.  It's not the most amazing cuisine, but seems to be consistently satisfying.  I prefer it to Tutto Pasta.  I haven't faced a wait for lunch and I've used Open Table for dinner.  I'm always happy to see a Madison restaurant working with Open Table.  I've had mixed results with servers.  Service has been good for the less crowded lunch hour.  However, at dinner, we've had some misses.  First, they got our order mixed up with another table's order.  Then, they brought my dining companion the wrong entree and took about 20 minutes to correct the issue.  We weren't compensated in any way for this mistake.  So pretty good food, nice atmosphere, inconsistent service.
4	The Saturday lunch special is an incredible deal: $5 for a gourmet pizza that serves two. We had the quattro stagioni (prosciutto, artichoke, mushroom, olive, and egg), the napoletana (arugula, cherry tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, provolone, and shaved parmesan), and the margherita (fresh mozzarella, mascarpone, plum tomatoes, and basil). All three were generously topped with quality ingredients. A word of caution about the quattro stagioni, though: it comes with an undercooked poached egg in the center that the waiter punctures and spreads over the pizza at the table.
3	I've enjoyed a previous visit to another location in the suburbs of Chicago, and this one didn't disappoint. Great food and my date and I both ordered off of the specials menu. Huge portions, we definitely  could have split  an entree.  And both dishes were delicious.It was about 7 o'clock on a gameday, and there was a mix of Badgers apparel and those dressed for a night out.  Comfortable seating, friendly service, though they brought the wrong soup for my date (quickly remedied by also bringing the one she ordered...and eventually taking away the incorrect cup) and the wrong gelato flavor for dessert, but it was so tasty we didn't bother bringing it up.  I'm confident they would've been totally accommodating in the fix, but it would've been nice to have it right the first time.
3	It's more like 3.5 stars, but like Netflix stupid rating system, no half stars.  It's better than Tutto Pasta and I much prefer this kind of Italian food over what Tutto Pasta dishes up.  We were a big group and despite making reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes after we arrived.  I had the linguine with artichokes and shrimp in a light tomato basil broth.  It was very good, but the portion sizes ridiculous.  I easily took home another 2 meals' worth.  I'd much prefer to have shared with someone else.  Everything was well spiced, but a bit more greasy than I would've liked.  They seem to have a changing menu since parts of it appeared hand written, which made it difficult to read.  All in all, I'd like to go back but not quite what I'd list as a favorite.
3	Solid & nice place for Italian food. Lovely atmosphere & good location just off the Square. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable, especially given portion size!
4	I've been to Francesca's twice- the first time was a flaming disaster service-wise and we ended up heading over to the Tornado for dinner.  To be fair, it was a busy weekend, so we figured a second chance was in order.  Visit two was redemptive!  We were seated promptly, and our appetizer arrived within just a few minutes.  The bruschetta was good, and ya know, it's garlicky so don't order it during a business meal, OK?  I had a pasta dish- I think it was Penne Paisana- dunno, they had me at 'sausage and peas', while my dining partner had the caesar salad.  A couple of good, stiff drinks certainly helped the cause, but my irritation from the first visit evaporated immediately.  We'll be back~
4	The food is great.  The service is friendly and overall well maintained space.  My only area for improvement is the decor...I felt like I was at pub in London just brightly lit.  As for food the tilapia was excellent, their baked potatos are yummi, and for dessert you must try their banana chocolate chip bread pudding.  They also offerred a glutten free beer which was awesome.
5	Went for lunch and the food was incredible. Very good value for the high quality food. Everything tasted like it was prepared with freshest of ingredients. Francescas is a favorite of mine in Chicago and Lago in Madison was excellent. Highly recommend and will definitely be back when I am in the Mad city again!
4	I loved this place... so much that I made our Valentines Day reso's here.We went for my birthday a few weeks ago and i really enjoyed the experience.  Even for a Monday it was a bit busy.  The place is decorated nicely and yes it is noisy, but just be sure to expect that and you wont be upset!One confusing thing was the servers uniforms... the place is pretty nice but the servers wear t-shirts with the Francescas logo... maybe they could step it up a bit in that department.  But that being said, our server was amazing.  He was super friendly and personable (?), without being annoying or overbearing.  He made excellent suggestions as well.  We started out with drinks, he a greyhound and I, a glass of wine.  They DO have a great wine list.  We then split an asparagus, tomato and blue cheese salad that was AMAZING!   Seriously, whatever light oil/vinegar combo that was on it was perfect and I will definately be ordering it again!  For dinner I got the spaghetti and meatballs, which was their Monday night special for only $9.99... They were really good, the meat was perfect, the sauce, perfect.  I loved it.  Ohhhh, and they give you excellent warm bread upon arrival which was also to die for.  Dennis got the pork roast special, which is not something he would normally order but the server did an excellent job of describing it and ensured that it was great, seeing as how he got to try a bite before work.  The boy loved it!  We both raved about the food here for days afterward and I am really looking forward to seeing what they have to offer for Valentines day!
3	Nice atmosphere with high ceilings (but no loud din), friendly staff, and good-not-great food.  Entree portions were generous and prices were fair.  I'll be trying this place again.
2	Too bad. I went with da wife on a date to this place. I figured they were still working things out the last time I went, and gave another chance because of my several positive experiences in Chicago. Anyhow,  we went on a Saturday night, no reservations, and stood at the host stand. While the hostess was trying to figure out where to seat us, her manager, or at least someone who appeared to be working in the capacity of a manager, came up to the stand and abruptly stated "we're not taking anymore walk ins." What?! This "manager" did not bother to look at us, apologize, or even see if there were other ways of addressing the situation. We should have just walked out... I guess it's kind of hard to express in writing, but she was just extremely rude in how she spoke, and didn't seem to care that there were customers wanting a seat. It turned out moments later that this "manager" was referring to seating in the dining room, so thankfully, we were seated in the bar area, with a bitterly cold draft from outside every time new patrons opened the door. The food was good, but still below what I expect from Francesca's. Our service meant well, but didn't seem to have the comfort or skill set to work at a place like this. He brought the wrong beer, he was too busy tending to larger tables, and couldn't really say much about the food other than offering his personal opinion. Adding Madison's Francesca's to the skip it list.
4	I was in Madison from out of a town for an old college roommate's bday. Him and his wife have lived in Madison for 5 years and were talking this place up for hours before our arrival. We had a rather large group of 10 and were seated promptly upon arrival. I really like the interior decor of the place with all the old pictures on the wall and the bar looked amazing. After seating, our waiter took our drink orders right away and everyone seemed to enjoy theirs, my dirty martini was particularly strong and delicious! We decided to skip appetizers since we had more plans after dinner and went right to the entrees. I had the lasagna special and it was phenomenal. Cooked perfectly and every bite was great. It was a very busy Saturday night so at times our drink orders started to take a while to get back to the table but our waiter made sure to keep checking with the bartenders and communicate back to us the status of our drinks. I thought this was great training and a good to calm some thirsty customers! Coming from Chicago, I have eaten at many great Italian restaurants and if I am ever in Madison again I would not hesitate to come back here.
4	I just went to this restaurant for lunch after learning about it earlier this week.  The interior decor is lovely, the prices are reasonable, the service was superbly friendly and very quick, and most importantly the food was fresh and delicious.  Our server not only could tell us quite a lot about the current menu, but also about future plans for dishes with local, seasonal produce and they all sound amazing.  I will be back for sure!
2	Really disappointing. Chicago prices ($11 Hendricks martini?!), McDonalds quality. Horrible service. We got the special dessert for the night, which was a shortcake, with a lot of food coloring and no moisture-could've chipped a tooth. I got the salmon which was over cooked and dry. My friend got the ravioli, which were fine, but very heavy. Server didn't help any with the wine selection. Told her we like dry cabs and were looking for a good Italian substitute, went for the generic chianti choice... Just overall not good. I will never go back.
4	I only give four stars unless it is a Michelin rated restaurant...al Lago is that good!We have dined at al Lago many times since they opened last year. We have never been disappointed. Even with a group of 8 with ages ranging from 8 to 80, al Lago was exceptional.With a vegetarian and a meatatarian in our household, we  often have trouble finding restaurants that work for both of us. They do, and they do it well.
3	Had a late lunch here with my family after a graduation.  I've been to several other Francesca's in the Chicago area and this one was just as good.  The one advantage this location had over the others was definitely space.  My previous experiences have always been stuck at a small table with inches between the next and in the way of traffic.  Service was prompt and attentive, and the food was fresh and flavorful.  The bread that they brought out for us was still warm, which was great.  We started with the bruschetta and carpaccio.  Both were good, but I was a little surprised to see the big dollop of ricotta cheese on top of the bruschetta.  I had the white fish special which was cooked just right and had a nice lite flavor.  Others had chicken with mushrooms and pasta with pancetta and enjoyed their dishes as well.  I don't normally go out of my way to dine at a Francesca's so I only gave it 3 stars, but it has always been a solid choice and I've never had a disappointing meal.
5	it's crazy how cheap this place is considering it's in front of the capitol building.  Everything here is very delectable.  It's affordable, large portioned menu is ever changing, so you don't have to worry about having the same thing again.  The atmosphere is trendy-new, but still casual and inviting.  Everything from the pasta to steak to seafood is always flavorful and fresh.Definitely a cool place to take some out of towners.
4	I am picky about Italian food, I can't help it I am an italian new Yorker!!  Four of went here for dinner on a Saturday night. Portions are definitely large, drinks yummy. We shared 2 apps and were kinda full when dinner came...food was really, really good! Service, slow....friendly and efficient, but slow........was a bit annoying for drinks but was kinda nice to have have some extra time between apps and dinner. I strongly recommendAnd the prices really Are more than fair.
1	I had a terrible experience. I stood and watched the host take three couples to their tables AFTER we arrived and they didn't have reservations. Once seated, we were promised warm bread from the oven that never materialized. I had a shrimp linguine dish that had only 5 small shrimp and the entire dish was dry. And noone ever came to refill our water or even came by to see if we wanted more water. It was horrible and I will likely not return.  It's too bad because the place came with such high recommendations.
2	Got a gift card here so i thought i would check it out.  Service was good, appetizers were good, BUT the main course was really laking in taste.  If I do ever go back i'll just stick to the calamari.
5	Great service.....GREAT FOOD.. the pasta with salcicca e funghi was SUBLIME. The Tiramisu and the Banana Torte were.. TO DIE FOR!!! and the extra anchovies for the caesar salad were greatly appreciated.
1	I went to Francesca's for the first time with great anticipation after hearing about their good Italian food at reasonable prices for many years.  Boy, was I disappointed. We ate at the bar, and the first strike was the bartender's answer to my question of what was their house red wine, which was, "I don't even know what that means", because they offer 7 or 8 wines by the glass. That was out first feel-bad of the evening. Additionally, their wine glasses are very small, yet the prices don't reflect it. As for the food, the Caesar salad had clearly been sitting in the cooler for many hours and the dressing was tasteless. Any self-respecting Italian restaurant should have a decent Caesar salad.  On a similar note, the minnestrone was incredibly salty. Our entrees (pasta and fish) were decent, but we already had been let down by the attitude, the wine price/small glass ratio and disappointing soup & salad.  By that point, we were glad we had tried it, but will not return.
4	I took my mother here for lunch and very happy to say it was a wonderful meal. It was a beautiful day so we chose to sit out on the patio. I have had experiences in the past when sitting out on the patio to not have the best service. Our waiter was great. We shared a bottle of wine that was served in a nice wine chiller. Kept it nice and chilled the entire time. I ordered the mixed greens with grilled chicken and my mom had the mixed greens with grilled salmon. We both enjoy our meals. The price was very reasonable and I will be back for lunch again with the hubby.
4	Excellent use of fresh ingredients!  Had the asparagus bruschetta last night, which was wonderful, loaded with onions and garlic.  My main dish was whitefish on a bed of spinach with capers and tomatoes.  Superb -- and more than I could eat.  My husband had the salmon, which was grilled perfectly.  It was on a bed of asparagus and had a delicious sauce, as well as tomato pieces on the base.  Service was charming and excellent.
5	Maybe the perfect weather for a Friday night dinner outdoors influenced my rating, but we had a great experience this weekend. I wasn't expecting a lot for a chain.Three of us dined at Francesca's for the first time. With a great view of the Capitol from the outside tables, it made for a great setting. We had a bottle of Montepulciano wine that was great. A really good wine menu. Lots of daily specials. We had the mixed meat and cheese plate. It has four delicious cheese and meats (proscioutto de parma, fontina, provolone, salami, mortadella, asiago, etc.), with balsamic marinated veggies in the middle and grilled bread. Shared a pizza that was crisp and delicious, and the carpaccio that was very good, with my husband for dinner. Our friend had the scallops over pasta. They were very willing to make substitutions (e.g., mixed veggies or pasta instead of mashed potatoes). Her scallops were cooked perfectly and the pasta nicely al dente. For the bottle of wine, scallop entree, 12" pizza, large plate of carppacio, and the mixed meat/cheese plate (which we couldn't finish it was so large), it was $85. We thought it was reasonable for the location, portion size and quality.  Service was also great. We'll be back and recommend this for visitors to the area.
1	We had a reservation for 15 people, set several days in advance. The restaurant kept calling us to make sure we would still come. When we got there, the table was still not set up. I was worried they had forgotten our reservation!The staff were not very friendly and acted like I was being a pain!! We were not treated very well!!As for the food, my pasta was very bland, and nothing special for the high price. Took forever for the drinks to arrive, too!Won't be back!!
5	My sister had her wedding reception here on  Friday night and we could not have asked for a better experience! The staff was excellent and the food was delicious! Brittany, the event coordinator was fabulous and attentive. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to hold an event. The staff was AWESOME!!! I will tell everyone I know that this is the best place in town for events! Thanks to all the staff for your help! My sister's wedding reception was PERFECT! -Alex
5	Awesome!!!!!
3	I went to Francesca's in May 2011 to celebrate a friend's birthday. My friend was studying abroad at the time, but told us to do whatever we would normally do for her birthday. It was awesome because our server had the same name as my friend who was abroad! She even brought us a creme puff to share with a little candle in it.Francesca's has good, traditional Italian food with plenty of options to choose from. The prices are a little steep. I don't remember the portions being very large, but I do remember paying a bit much.
1	Lasagna was very subpar. Very noodle heavy and the noodles were almost mushy. Talapi was pretty good but not worth the price.
4	We went here because we received a gift certificate and wanted to check the place out-- the pasta was delicious! I ordered the italian sausage/goat cheese rigatoni, she ordered the vegetable penne. I totally thought the veggie penne was going to be the generic, safe, boring dish, but the staff recommended  it and it was great! Light while still remaining flavorful.And the portions are definitely large, at least in the pasta department-- like "Carrabas giant bowl of pasta" large. We ate the leftovers for dinner the next night.Wine was delicious as well-- lots of nontraditional Italian stuff. Only issue is the ambiance-- the spot was definitely bought from somewhere else before that had a different vibe. Tile floors, huge high ceilings, giant windows-- sort of the opposite of "cozy italian" that you'd expect from Mother Francesca. But overall a great experience, and we'll definitely be back!
2	Huh. Huh, huh, huh. All in all, a fine experience, but will I go back? Eh. If people wanted to go there, sure. But I feel like I did it and it's done. (And I should have gone to Nostrano.)Our waitress was nice, she had some good things to say about the menu and about her personal preferences. She also let us swap out some pancetta with scallops in a risotto starter so that was cool. It was good, lacked depth though in my opinion, and the scallops themselves were a little over cooked yet didn't have much of a crusty outside from the sear. I'm going to say the pan wasn't hot enough and they were in there too long. Cesar salad was probably the highlight. Salad? Yup. Roasted red peppers should come on EVERYTHING and this salad proves that. The dressing was mild yet tangy, and dressed the romaine enough that each leaf was coated, but not overly so that it became soggy. And theeeeeeeeeeen my entree. Whole wheat pasta with vegetables and sausage in an "herbed broth". First of all, I have no idea what "herbed broth" means. Is that like chicken stock with thyme? Second of all, there was no broth and thus there was no flavor. Third, the amount of pasta was overwhelming. They don't make it there because nobody would send out (I'm not joking) nearly a box of penne in a bowl. It was nuts. I ate around most of it but found the veggies to be way overcooked and the sausage while made in house lacked the flavor profile that I'm used to from Nostrano and Underground meats. My biggest pet peeve though is being told I'm supposed to leave, without being asked. At about 9:00pm or so a bus boy came by sweeping the dining room into a dirty little pile of the evening's food scraps, bread crumbs and dust. Then he started to re-arrange furniture. Then the music faded. Look you guys, tell me it's time to go and I'll go, but we made a reservation for 9:00pm, we got there at 8:30pm which you were excited about and you told us you close at 10:00pm. A few months ago I stopped at a Culvers just as they were closing, asked if I could grab a burger and they said, "As long as our doors are still open, we're here for the customer." Culvers!
2	I've been to Francesca's five or six times, because my friends really like to eat there.  I'd never choose to eat here myself.  They change the pasta and entree menu frequently, which normally I like.  Each time I've been to this restaurant, the menu has been different.  Each time, however, the menu seems kind of all-or-nothing.  I either can't decide what to order, or nothing sounds appealing.  I've ordered the pizza when none of the pasta appealed to me, and won't make that mistake again.  The crust somehow managed to be chewy and hard at the same time.  My jaw hurt from eating it.  The cheese was good, but I haven't licked the toppings of pizza since I was five.  The salads are small and I'd have to order three of them to be satiated.  As I mentioned, I've either loved the pasta dishes or not wanted to eat them at all.  Fortunately, I can bring anything home to my boyfriend!  The portions are huge, so if I like something I eat half it for dinner and bring the rest home for the lunch the next day.  When I don't like something, I eat two bites and bring the rest home.I don't eat meat (or chicken or seafood), and I think you can learn a lot about a "chef" when you ask a dish to be made without meat.  At Francesca's they don't seem to know what to do with this request, which causes me to suspect things are made up ahead of time.  I've tried ordering pasta without meat and then have to order entirely different sauces.  I've not been able to order any of the entrees, as they are all animal-flesh based.I don't agree with the reviews on here raving about Francesca's wine list.  It's the same as you'd find at any liquor store that isn't located within a grocery store.  I'd rather stay home and drink the whole bottle for less than the price of two glasses at a restaurant.  It'd be nice if they'd update their menu online, so I'd know whether to eat a snack before going or not.
3	We went for New Years dinner.  We made a reservation and were seated promptly.  No one came to wait on us.  I had to get a hotess.  A waitress ce and said she wasn't ours but would help us anyway.  It was all very strange.  The rest of the evening was fine.  We shared a pasta and meat entree and they were very large servings.  The pasta (gnocchi) was amazing.  The chicken was a bit dry.  Wine was good.
5	There are lots of mediocre reviews of this place, and lots are from 2010 or so. I've been there 5 times in the past 6 months, and felt like I finally had to write a review. We usually go for lunch on the weekend. It's never crowded, and we have always had great service. Prompt, friendly, attentive. I've had several things here. Although it's not on the menu right now (the menu rotates) their calamari salad is excellent - and they will make it for you if you request it even off menu. It combines beautifully fried calamari with a light tempura batter on greens (romaine and escarole if I recall) and a spicy dressing. It is such a large dish that we split it (which they happily do for you) and still each have a large salad with about 12-14 pieces of calamari EACH. For lunch on Saturday, the pizzas are half price. I like the thin crust, and my son loved his pizza that he created with prosciutto and sausage. For the past few months, at lunch time they have a burger, and it is one of the best burgers we have had in Madison. It is better than the burger right next door at DLUX, by a long shot. It's cooked perfectly, on a brioche bun, with a slice of crisped fresh mozzarella (yep, you heard that right) and bacon jam (again, yes). It is a brilliant mix of flavors and textures, but it is only available for lunch. One note - I have them hold the tomato and greens, as I think it made the burger too juicy for the bun. It's my only complaint, and easily fixed. They also have some excellent desserts. Their apple tart (or whatever fancy Italian name they give it) is excellent. The pastry crust is fabulous, with great flavor and texture, and the apples are well cooked. If you love pies and tarts largely for the crust (like me) this one is a must-try. Overall, we have never been disappointed with this place. It's one of our favorites now.
1	Don't come here for restaurant week. Extremely slow service. It took 50 minutes for them to bring my lunch entree (a vegetarian personal pizza) and then a half hour after I was done with that before my dessert came (which was ordered at the beginning, restaurant week style). Very little communication about why things were taking so long. No checking in to see how things are going. Staff was either over-worked or too new to handle the load. And their restaurant was only half-full. Unacceptable for a restaurant attended by working people over their lunch hour.The cherry on top was that when my check came, I was charged $12 extra because the server forgot to charge the restaurant week price. I overheard another table complaining about the same thing. Are they doing this on purpose? Forcing us to keep them honest? Yuck.
1	I tried this restaurant at lunch during restaurant week. It was terrible. Lunch started out ok. The oil that came with the bread was tasty and the salad was fine. After the salad we waited about a hour for our entrees during which time we saw our waitress very little. She did not do much to explain the problem once we asked.  It seemed like every table was also waiting and unhappy. When I finally got my entree (fish) it was very undercooked. We complained and asked the waitress for our desserts to go.  This took so long that we went in and found the manager. The one good thing I can say is that he did the right thing and did not charge us for the horrible meal and experience. We finally left almost two hours after we arrived for lunch with our boxed up desserts.  This place might be better when it isn't restaurant week but I won't be back to find out.
2	Arrggghhh! We had dinner there tonight, and were seated outside. Food was great, service was meh. I hate asking another server to go find ours. I also very carefully left two thirds of my meal and we were sent home with someone else's leftovers!!!!!!!  That was going to be two more meals, I'd really like it replaced. I do love this place, hate the inconsistency.
5	Top notch Italian food at a great price. Monty was an attentive server.   Huge portions so if you are hungry go to francesca's. Yum
3	This review is limited to a great business lunch experience.Hits: attentive, but not invasive service and well timed / executed dishes. Misses: large portions (a plus for some, but a minus for guys like me who lack self control)  Hints: let them know your time constraints and they will get you out as needed.  Bottom line: great work lunch - look forward to trying dinner.
3	Excellent food, with so-so service. I've been here several times and have never been disappointed in my food. The food is excellent and the portions are always very generous. My two favorites have been the lasagna and the chicken parmigiana. My husband and I always order a side salad and split it because they're so huge!The bar leaves a lot to be desired. I have not been too impressed with the bartenders-- always lacking in personality as well as craftsmanship.Waitstaff are much like the bartenders... Just so-so. Seem to lack any real personality.
4	Staff has generally been friendly and attentive. Very adequate Italian food at reasonable prices. The best fried Calamari I have had in the midwest! I've enjoyed almost everything at Francesca's, with only a few plates that didn't quite ring my bell. I understand that fettuccine alfredo is not exactly a bursting with flavors dish, but mine was so bland and tasteless that I mostly pushed it around my plate and then left it to congeal into an icky, pasty lump. And I swear, I am not a terribly picky person. But I simply returned to eating the calamari appetizer that I always have on the table, drank more of the lovely chianti, and enjoyed a little dessert to fill me up. They offer great happy hour and lunch time specials, as well as private space for events, a very decent wine list, and seasonal alterations to their menus.
3	I've been here a few times now and the experience each time just goes.. downhill. The first couple times I had their daily specials.. I think they were seafood combo and scallop linguini which were both phenomenal and I would totally go back for those again. I also go for their eggplant rigatoni pretty regularly.. but then I realized I could of just make it myself at home. So I tried to imitate both their eggplant rigatoni and mussels in marinara sauce with great success.. On the other hand, I'm a sucker for ambiance and I do like the ambiance quite a bit. I like how it's  on the capital and outdoor seating when it's warm out. Bottom line: it's not my top choice restaurant but I'd go if my food companions want to... ultimately, food tastes better when you have good company.
4	Francesca's is a great place to dine with a small group. Pro: parking in the garage around the block is validated.I ventured here with a friend, and we were both pleased with our experience. The staff was nice and quick to serve us. I had penne con pesto, and I enjoyed the tomato basil sauce a lot. With a sprinkle of parmesan on top, I scarfed it down. The chicken was cooked well and the sundried tomatoes were great in the mix.It also has a separate room for large groups having a special occasion. I loved the large windows, letting natural sunlight illuminate the large space. The gelato is delicious. I had pistacchio, and I will probably order the same flavor the next time I come in.
5	Probably my favorite Italian food in Madison! The atmosphere feels intimate but it's large enough that you could make a reservation for a large group and not take up the entire space. Like most Italian restaurants hey have a great wine selection. They have gluten free bread and gluten free pasta! I had a gluten free pasta dish for dinner and it was awesome! Everyone else in our group enjoyed their meals as well. Probably one of the higher priced Italian restaurants in Madison but worth it!
4	If you are looking for a more intimate date option around the Square on a weekend, Francesca's is a good option. On the post-Valentine's Saturday night we were there, while it looked like the tables were consistently full, the restaurant provided enough room between tables that it didn't feel like we were sitting on top of one another, and it wasn't so loud that you had to shout to be heard, nor so quiet you had to worry about your sweet nothings being overheard by the next table. Our server was knowledgeable and sweet. We enjoyed an appetizer, a salad to share, and a pasta dish each. My one complaint with any of our entrees would be that the artichoke hearts on our bruschetta would have been better chopped and incorporated into the topping, instead of a whole one that looked like it had been plucked straight out of the can and plopped on top. The rest of our food was delicious and our drinks were great- my husband can't stop raving about his Texas Mule. A bit on the expensive side for a weekly stop, but for a special occasion it was a nice treat.
5	Excellent food and service.  Perfect location for large group dinner.  I just hosted a baby shower here and they had a great private dinning room to accommodate our group.  Dinner was delicious- I had the linguine with muscles in marinara sauce and not only was the presentation great the taste was the perfect amount of spicy.  Our waitress, Emily, did a fantastic job with our group and made this occasion really fantastic!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends and family, and I'll definitely be going back again soon!
4	First visit was on 5/7/14 at around 7:00pm. The restaurant was largely empty, which was a bit of a shocker - this place is excellent.+ Immediately greeted and seated by the hostess+ Interesting selection of drinks - cocktails, wines, beers (tap/bottle)+ Happy Hour runs from 4pm - 7pm - $3 drafts, half-price wines and appetizers- Happy Hour only applies to bar area; if you're seated in the main dining area, it's full price.+ Waitstaff brought out glasses of water and french-style bread+ Server introduced herself and grabbed drink orders+ Server was super friendly, very helpful, and not overbearing+ The menu is awesome. Italian-themed, but not "heavy Italian" - A bit pricey, but fair+ Special consisted of angel-hair pasta, housemade mozzarella, sliced and diced tomatoes, mushrooms, basil, balsamic, and olive oil. It was delicious.+ Salmon alla Fresca consisted of a generous portion of grilled salmon, with asparagus, avocado, tomato, and red onion. - Salmon was slightly overdone, but still tasty; asparagus was quite thin & overdone as well+ Flourless chocolate cake with pistachio gelato rounded out the meal and made for a perfect ending. All-in-all, this was a great find. The atmosphere, the service, the food - everything clicked to make for a great meal and experience. Highly recommended.
3	I would give them 3.5 stars. They are one of Madison nicer, upscale restaurants which I do appreciate. My boyfriend and I dined here for dinner and we both had a good experience. we had fantastic service by our server who was really helpful with explaining the menu. The food was good. Not great but simply good. I guess going to Vegas recently and experiencing some finest quality of food by top chefs has changed my taste buds. I now compare a lot of fine dining to my Vegas experience. That being said, the food did not lack in the freshness department . I could tell everything was prepared very well and cooked perfectly. However, my food lacked flavor. Simple seasonings could go ver far. A dash of salt and pepper here and there. It makes a huge different to me as a diner. That being said, portion sizes were very good. I was stuffed after my meal. My biggies issue I have with the restaurant are that The tables are small. We sat at a table for 2 and we had hardly any room on our table for plates, cups, bread, condiments, etc. I also felt very crowded because of how close the tables were. A another couple was seated next to us and it was as if they were sitting with us. No space at all to have a private conversation with people at your table without others hearing . It makes it very awkward to converse.Overall, I had a nice experience. I may return sometime in the future but in terms of pickin here or another wry nice place, I may consider the other option simply because i feel that for the price we are paying to dine, being able to have a private conversation should be apart of the equation.
5	Excellent meal. My 3rd visit and it's always been great! Nice atmosphere and great staff.
4	Dined at Francesca's Al Lago last Wednesday night on the patio during Concerts on the Square. This was sort of a pleasant accident that occurred, but I was surprised more weren't doing the same thing. Our waiter was very nice. Professional, friendly - no complaints at all. He even moved us outside after we realized we should sit out on the patio to enjoy the concert too. Excellent attitude. We started with some Calamari - which was very good and well cooked. Followed up with some entrees. I had the Liguine alls Genovese, which was very good, just not great. The scallops and shrimp were good sized and cooked perfect, but the steamed potatoes just didn't seem to go with the pasta at all. The pesto was decent but I think could have used a bit more flavor. Our friend had the Rigatoni del Boscaiolo which she said was excellent. I'll try that next time. Overall I was very pleased - food was good and atmosphere was great. Service was excellent. I wanted to love the place - but maybe that will happen at the next visit!
4	2 vegan green thumbs up!First of all, as a vegan I know I can walk into any Italian restaurant and get a vegan meal, no problem.  But, if I can get the type of dish that I got on my last visit....I'm over the moon. I didn't see anything on the menu that fit the bill for me aside from pizza, so I asked my waiter Jonathan if the chef could create a vegan dish for me.  I appreciate it when the waiter knows exactly what I am after.  He suggested a pasta dish with lots of fresh vegetables in garlic and olive oil.  I know....it doesn't sound like anything special, but the vegetables were top of the line, super fresh, and this dish had amazing flavor.The veggies were squash, broccoli, mushrooms, tomato, peppers, eggplant & topped with pine nuts.My husband is also vegan/vegetarian, and his choice was a veggie pizza loaded with fresh spinach, artichokes, etc.All in all an excellent meal in a lovely atmosphere with great service.  I wish I lived closer- I would visit Francesca's more often!
1	Overall terrible experience.  I went for restaurant week right after Concert on the Square ended.  Concert ends around 8:40 (they close at 9), so I walked over to get some dinner.  Let's start with the service.  First the bartender was not helpful, he had the audacity to say "you are the last one we will serve tonight", like I should be honored to dine here.  Second I was asked if I wanted bread, and the bartender then comes back and says "oops we are all out of bread".  What kind of Italian restaurant runs out of bread?  Well a bad one.  Third, I got only one glass of water the whole night, and I was the only one sitting at the bar at the time, and yet he refused to acknowledge my glass was empty and did not bother filling up glass of water.  Fourth, I wasn't even done with my appetizers yet, but he shoves the main course in my face forcing me to rush.  At this point I've only had the appetizers for about 5 minutes.  Bottom line, if you don't want customers eating at 8:40, then close earlier.  This was just crap service and it made the food test worse.Let's move onto food.  It was meh.  Calamari was good, but the portions were too large for a single person at restaurant week.  Put some better ingredients and sides into the dishes rather big bulky portions that taste okay.  I got a soup that was bacon/potato - it was fine.  The main course, a chicken dish was way too sour, too much lemon; it was also drenched in this god awful sauce that took away all taste.  Dessert was okay with some pistachio gelato.I will never come back here due to the shit service.
4	Now, this review is only for the hosting and service staff since my wife and I only visited for two glasses of wine. Nevertheless four stars are earned. The wine-by-the-glass selections are elegant. Very nice. The service is superb. Hostesses couldn't have been more courteous and accommodating. Waiters wen't the extra mile to make us feel comfortable and welcomed to stay.
3	Waitstaff was great!   Food was excellent.   Unfortunately the manager was not very helpful.   There was a large party seated prior to us and held up the kitchen.  The manager did not come over and explain the situation nor asked what can be done to help the extra long wait.   The manager also did not help out with the last minute confusion at the end of the meal.
5	If I could give Francesca's 10 stars I would! We recently held our wedding reception at the restaurant. We were able to buyout the entire place and host about 120 guests (which was a perfect size party for the space). Their entire staff was very professional and helpful. In particular, we worked very closely with their event coordinator Heather and she made the whole planning process so easy and FUN! We had to plan the whole wedding from afar so we wanted to find a location that we wouldn't have to worry about details like tables, chairs, and staffing. Also we wanted a place downtown that had great food. Francesca's was a perfect fit and exceeded all expectations!!! We still have friends and family calling us and talking about the food. The space was beautifully set up and they even paid attention to small details like folding our custom menu in the napkins. We can't say enough good things about our experience at Francesca's and highly recommend their space and staff for any special event in the future.
5	Loved everything about this restaurant!  The food and service was fantastic, the price reasonable.
