3	I need gas, an oil change, and a car wash, and got it all done at Danny's. I went because I found an ad in the annoying supersavers that you get in the mail, but thought I'd be okay because it was one stop for me to get all three done. I got there and it was sort of confusing as to where the line starts (at the gap pumps), and when I got there people were recommending that I get the $50 oil change because I have a newer car. Yeah, no thanks. Once you figure out the lay of the land its not too terrible. There's a TV sitting area playing CNN, and a big fish tank. It wasn't too long of a wait, about 45 mins or so inside, but wait! There's a waiting line outside to retrieve your car after everything is done. Points off for being too pushy, they rang up my bill wrong, and it took like 5 mins for the cashier to figure it out and correct it.
2	If you like douche bag sales people trying to hustle you into buying a $100 detail and wax or file a insurance claim to fix the tiny chip in your window, this is the place for you. This place knows how to make things awkward thats for sure. After you get past the douche sales people its ok. The actual car wash is a normal car wash that you would get anywhere else. The place is confusing and annoying. Just go to a self serve place to save you the hassle.
4	Look, they are trying to make money and are pushy .... all you gotta do is tell them no, and exactly what you want and they will back off you.  I only suggest this because they do good work and I am always impressed with how my vehicles look after they do a detail (or VIP wash) .... go there but just remember you dont have to deal with the pushy annoying peeps ... just put them in their place and move on!!
1	I won't be going back to Danny's!!!When I went their, I was thinking great...I can get my car washed, oil change, gas, & a snack all at the same place. It wasn't worth it. They took forever, told me it would be 1 hour & 1/2 turned into 3. They were very pushy on trying to get me to upgrade everything and when I said no they got a little attitude. My 5 year old nephew could clean the inside of my car better. They didn't even put my oil cap on right!!!!!!! Go somewhere else.
3	High price for car wash. I asked for discount and got $2 off. That was nice.
3	I never thought of getting an oil change here, but it was a Saturday and I didn't plan ahead so I dropped by and they were great. Just watch for the needless upsells.My only complaint about this place is that if I want something extra I will ask for it. I have no chips in my windshield that I can see, somehow they always find some.
1	i used to get gas here because of the promotions. a while back they were giving away cookies with the purchase of however many gallons. i went in to pay in cash and retrieve my cookie, and i found they were no longer running the promotion. the clerk rudely told me "no but feel free to actually pay for a cookie".... jerknot going back now!
2	The up-selling here is beyond ridiculous. I came in for a wash last year and ended  up pre-paying for an interior detail and wax. (apparently I didn't have enough coffee and my defenses were down). I brought my car back this week to get the detailing done, and the guy tried to talk me into spending another $170 for extra special wax and headlight cleaning. Both times, the sales guys said they were allowed to discount certain things, but then after saying no a few times, the price comes down. When I told the guy I was tight on time and didn't want to add any services that would increase my wait time, he told me it wouldn't take any longer. Hmm, then that really makes me question the quality of the work.The detail was just ok. There were areas along the dash that didn't get cleaned very well, and the windows were very streaky. They also took a half hour longer than promised.I'll be back again to redeem the wash coupon that I got with my detail, but I'll make sure I'm very emphatic about only wanting a wash.
1	Will never use Danny's again. Wasn't happy with my wash and asked them to wash again. They offered me a discount instead of a re-wash. Always trying to upsell on oil changes also.
1	I used to enjoy going to the location on Market Street in Gilbert. Until this last time, when someone decided that they needed one of the knobs on our stereo more than we did. I didn't notice till almost a week later because it one of the smaller knobs. They do a good job cleaning the car but Now I don't trust them. Will never go back.
1	Absolute worst carwash ever. I just had to rewash my car myself. They didn't even dress the interior, although I paid for it. A manager came over to finish the job, and barely did anything other than roll his eyes at me. This is the LAST time I go here. Don't waste your money.
1	Do not go here for a car wash or oil change!!!!!! I went here to get both last week and I noticed I got my perfume stolen and change. I complained to the manager and he did nothing.. He never gave me my money back for the stolen perfume and they have bad customer service!!!!!! Please be careful when leaving your car to their employees. Yes they do steal!!!!! And their manager was an asshole he never even apologized. They are lucky I didn't call the police on them. They're a waste of time. Worst business I've ever went to and this was my first time visiting them.
1	I've been here once and it was a very poor experience. 45 minutes to get a car wash.I did a groupon so we'll see if my next 2 visits are better.Problems started immediately... it took 10 minutes for me to be asked to leave the car AFTER the attendant took my order. An only because the supervisor say I was waiting an the line was very slowThen I watched my car get parked and 4 other cars that came out after my car - all got finished and drove off before I said something to the customer service person walking around - 20 minutes later.They made all sorts of excuses - of course, they did this before bothering to ask or listen to what happened.The line my car was in only had 1 person working on it while other lines had 2 to 4 people... so of course, they got done much faster.There was no supervisor making sure things got done.Finally the supervisor came over, apologized and got the car done himself.To top it off, they clearly did not do as good of a job as the other cars I saw - since they made mine a rush job.
4	The service was good, but I am aware that this is a business, people are in sales mode and saying what you want to hear. They did a good job with my car, had a wash, clay and wax. I don't have the equipment to do myself so it was a good for me. Was it the best, no, but it worked for me, they were attentive, nice and the manager Mike was great. Are they using the finest products in the world, don't know.To most readers, it's always better to do the work yourself on most anything because if you own it then you will take care of it better, than a stranger that is. Overall, I think they are doing a good job, manage them better if you feel the need.
1	I made the mistake of coming here again. I only have myself to blame. They will never learn how to take care of a car, or how to properly wash one.
1	Do not go to this place. Poor service and wait is way too lOng!  Wash was mediocre at bEst!
4	Upsells.  Only need to say no then they drop issue.  I like 10th wash freeHad windshield replaced in past. Got month of unlimited basic washes
2	I don't minding waiting for a good car wash, I go because I don't want to do it.  But after my wash, I had to go home and wipe down my interior and pick up some small pieces of paper they left on the floor.  My 8 year old recognized that they didn't do a good job vacuuming as well.  They rushed through the wash, and it showed.
1	Not that great of a job and took forever!
1	Took my car in for hand wash. It sat in the back for 30 plus mins without anyone even spray water on it. I asked to speak with the manager about the delay (which now it's 45 mins later).  Instead of telling me the truth that they are short handed, George (the man who is suppose to be in charge at that time) gave me a load of BS about the car wasn't wash right the first time so it has to be rewash. That was the biggest BS I have ever heard. I stood at the window and watch the car for over 30 mins and it hasn't even been moved since it was parked. And George has been sitting in the office on his "brain" and haven't even got out of his chair until I ask to see the manager. With all that said, the staff that dry and detail the cars are working hard outside in the upper 90 temp. They do good work but the management team . . . If I am the general manager, I will be looking for some new people who do more work, provide good customer service and less BS.
1	When there's signs Posted about "Not responsible for stolen property" Your Sh*ts probably going to get stolen. Which was the case. Not only did they steal my knife, Along with a old IPOD they also managed to grab hand full of change out of my Glove compartment!! Sorry i didn't upgrade to your "V.I.P." wash Or purchase you "fathers day detail special" But get a Life... (And 45 Min to was a car)Management (or lack there of) Needs to do there Job and manage.... I will Never return to Danny's or will I ever let a friend or family member go to Dannys'. It's no wonder why they've been plastering Groupon with Specials.
1	If you are a woman alone, you will get harrassed during the upselling.  This place sucks.  I tried to give a tip to the guy at the end of the line when another guy came and took the cash from my hand.  They are unprofessional, rude.  When I complained, the Manager defended the rude employees
1	I was ready for the upsell and took the bait.  Hand wax for $20 sounded good. Said it would take 30 minutes total for both wash and wax.  Kept my eye on my truck at the 30 min mark and it was still not done.  Got up and checked on it at 45 min, not done, got up and checked on it at the 1 hr mark and it was parked across the lot.  WTH?  The guy that sold me the wash happened to be behind the counter chatting with the cashier and I asked him what happen?  I told him I needed to be out of there in 30 min.  He acted like it was the first time he saw me, told me he would get the mgr.Inspected by truck, still dirt and smudges on it.  Believe me I'm not picky, but how do you wax dirt.  Later days, I go back to Cobblestone or do it myself.
4	Danny's has always been my choice- not a bad car wash, oil change, and extras of you want to be sold.  Lots of low reviews but seriously what does one expect for a $15 car wash?  They aren't ever going to live up to your high standards for $15!  Seriously....
1	This place ruined a brand new billet grill on my new GMC Sierra. I complained to corporate and they did nothing to fix it. They did however let the employees know I filed a complaint and told them to tell me that I am never allowed to come back to get my car wash... What a horrible horrible place. They could care less about their customers. Worst business plan in the country.
1	Spent 50.00 today on a wash and wax. After waiting and watching my car sit for an hour I went and asked what the problem was " we forgot" the car was half vacuumed, bumpers were dirty, wax still on the car, dash not cleaned off. My 11 year old could have done a better job ! What a joke! Do not go here. If this is what $50.00 buys I will do it my self and know its done right.
2	Don't go here when you are pressed for time. Getting my car washed in a Wednesday morning took me over 90 minutes and that was even after I asked for a manager. In general I like Danny's over their competitors so this may be a location/mgmt issue. I agree with other customers in the upselling comments but its easy to say no and sometimes you can get a good deal if you are a good negotiator.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy! I didn't complain or write a negative review when I saw 2 of the employees smoking marijuana near the gas pumps or when they sucked up my cup holder mat in that past but this last time was just too much. First off..the "upsell' at these places is more annoying than any car lot I've ever been too in the past. If you only want a wash, stand-by. The pests, aka employees, will make you feel like trash when you repeatedly deny the stupid add ons they seem to think are mandatory for every car. Just read the other reviews, so many horrible opinions of this place can't be wrong.After dodging the "wash advisor" for several minutes they take my car. When I get it back it's almost worse than when I brought it in. I guess I did just order the $20 VIP wash (w/ hand wash which was an extra $5) and not the super duper ultimate blowout experience they offered for $150, but c'mon..learn how to do the one thing you're there to do..wash a car. After driving 10 feet in the parking lot I stopped, and fortunate for me stepped out and checked the "work" these guys did, I notice this extremely poor job and complained. This created a huge scene of pointing fingers at one another and failing to take the blame. The wheels were filthy and hadn't even been cleaned or treated. That's when I notice my custom valve caps on my wheel missing (value = $20). This in turn caused another complaint which brought an individual someone referred to as "the manager" over to me. This guy stood next to wheel for about 10 seconds, says "oh yeah I see what you mean" followed by "we're not doing anything about this, my guys don't unscrew and steal these things." Absolute worst customer service and way to handle something like this I have ever experienced. Also, after dealing with the so called manager I noticed a spider web which had stuck to the side of my car prior to the wash was still there. How does a full service car wash, that charged me $25, completely MISS a white spider web on the outside of an all black vehicle?? Good work guys. Make a long story short..if you hate your car, love HORRIBLE customer service, high prices, annoying employees that try to sell you things you don't need, and don't mind missing some things that were in/on your car when you initially pulled in than this is the place for you. If not...AVOID!!!
1	I have going to Danny's for many years and watched its decline.  My last visit was my last visit.  After waiting well over 30 minutes to have my car dried and finished, while the employees walked around aimlessly, I gave up and told them I was leaving.  As I drove away, I found that the car had not been vacuumed, which was the first step in the process.  I will be finding another place for my future car washes.
1	Over priced, when they don't do what they say they do. Don't go if in a hurry. I did go on a somewhat busy day, but over an hour is ridiculous. From a distance, the car looked good. Up close, several streaks of dirt still on car. Inside, they completely missed the mark. Dirt and sand still under the mats. If they hadn't done the mats I could excuse it. Back wasn't even touched. Windows streaky, worse than when I came in. In the time I was there I saw cars get pushed out that were still dirty. Large patches completely missed.
1	I literally had to wait 2 hrs to get my car back in ok condition. Water spots stained on the exterior of the freshly waxed vehicle. Dirt and chips trailed the floor between the seats and in the cup holder. Watching the employees walk back and forth talking to each other and looking up the latest feeds on Facebook was absolutely nerve racking. Finally to top it off.... Try getting billed 30 extra dollars for a VIP wash, simply because "the manager" over looked the paper work that specifically says VIP 59$ worst experience ever. Thanks Danny's you lost a customer for life.
3	I had my 2010 F150 detailed there before I sold it. They did a terrible job. The employees fault, not the companies. I called over the supervisor, he laughed, told me I should have upgraded. I got "almost" the best package not the best. My bad, I still expected you not to leave trash in the bed...regardless, he was an idiot, still not the companies fault. I explained I wouldn't pay. The manager then came, nice man, took the trash out HIMSELF as I was polishing some spots they missed myself. Offered a free wash to compensate on another occasion even on another vehicle. I paid and accepted. They did a solid job the next time. Not the best, I would give them 3 and a half if I could.
1	Received a "detail" for $60 that I could have done myself with a gas station vacuum and some windex. We planned on getting our oil changed as well, but they insisted I "needed synthetic or it would void my warranty," which wasn't true. Trying to upsell by treating their customer like an idiot. No thanks.
5	They did an incredible job on my car. I was very impressed. T
1	Took more than 40 min and then to find that they took all of my change that I moved to a more secluded location. Will not be coming back to this location.
1	The best thing about this place was the car wash your car is driven through. The reason being, is because that required no human interaction. Horrible job! Couldn't even tell if my car was vacuumed. And one of the three finishers who was assigned to my car, completely forgot my cars interior! No dash, no windows, nothing. Won't be returning.
1	I am absolutely shocked at how bad this car wash was.  I have never been to Danny's so I thought I would try it by purchasing the Groupon.  I am not even going to use the other two if I have to go to this location.  Other than moving the car into the wash and then pulling it out, I think that is the only time they got in the car.  I cannot even express how angry I am at the inside of the car, I have never been to a place of such laziness and sheer disregard for a high level of service.  I will NEVER go to this location again.  I called to express my dissatisfaction and the lady really didn't care at all.  I would not recommend this location to anyone.
1	I have tried so many times to give them a chance to make changes but it just seems to get worse each time! I will now drive out of my way instead of going back there! Save your money, frustrations and time go somewhere else!
1	Don't waste your money here.  16 bucks plus tip and they literally didn't clean anything inside the car.  I watched the guy and he just didn't give a shit.  Will never spend another dollar there.
1	Thief's! THEY STOLE $20 FROM MY CAR!I've never had a problem with my reserve cash when I had my car washed at other places. The store manager only offered credit to get another wash, which of course I was not interested in. DO NOT EVER DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE!Oh, they also blew out my left speaker and left tons of streaks on the windows.
1	"We'll have that ready for you in about 20 minutes." HA 20 minutes. Add another 60 to that statement then it'll be correct. Never again. This place sucks.
1	I went there on mothers day for a car wash and was treated great and had no issues but when i went there today my entire opinion changed. Now the Worst place ever. the nerve to blatantly lie to me and my wife about what our car needs for an oil change. claims mopar requires them to meet certain oils etc with a 20.00 up charge etc. I called molar and they told me the truth Danny's is a LIE. The kid who tried to scam us should be reprimanded or charged with potential fraud. Good thing we packed up and left before they could scam us. Rude kid! Scam scam scam. i should have not even gone there. Cobblestone all the way!
1	Paid to have my truck hand washed and they did a horrible job. There were bugs still on the windshield. Had to ask them to clean it again, and they did not wipe off the writing on the window.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. Go to Cobblestone. They gave me back my car with a flat tire and didn't even care, they have thee poorest client service at ALL locations. They also stole my mothers phone out of her car then said they "found it on the ground" when she threatened to get a cop involved. They also did wax on my friends car which took off her whole paint job. Do not go here.
1	Horrid experience today I went to get a oil change and car wash after watching my car sit for 20 minutes untouched and 7-8 cars go before mine with empty oil change bays I walked back outside to ask why it was still sitting there. staff member was like oh it has been vacuumed yeah so had the other seven cars what was the hold up no apology or care probably would have sat another 20 if I hadn't said anything an hour later I got a crappy washed car,..would have given feedback to cashier if she could be bothered a little too busy on her phone. Not a good experience
1	My car was due to be ready at 2. It is now almost 6. I kindly asked ONE time for an eta and was YELLED AT AND CURSED AT in front of a crowded lobby for all to hear. Then the mgr justified it by saying that the detail tech has been under a lot of stress and walked away. SHOCKING. Danny's has lost another loyal customer. Anthony has a MAJOR anger mgmt problem. And his mgr Jordan appears to be totally fine with his his employee treating women (or anyone) that way.  These people are scary thugs.
1	I went in this afternoon around 5:30 to get an oil change and car wash. I was inside waiting for my car to finish and I witnessed the most shockingly horrible customer service in my entire life. This lady (who was pregnant might I add) took her car in to get a detail to clean the inside and wax her Yukon. The service guys said her car would be done at 2 pm today and by 5:30 it still wasn't finished. She asked the receptionist who was on her phone the whole time complaining how she can't wait to be off work, she asked her to see when her car will be finished because it doesn't take 9 hours to vaccum and wax a car. The service tech stormed inside and said "If you want me to finish your car by 6, STOP CALLING ME" and slammed the door. I couldn't believe someone would talk to a customer like that. Then, when the lady asked to speak to a manager, the manager came in without allowing the customer to speak and was bashing her on how her car was dirty and it's taking a long time to finish. He didn't even let her speak and wouldn't even give her his name. She proceeded to ask for the manager above him and he said he was the only manager. So she asked for the corporate information and he just turned around and walking back outside and shut the door. Luckily the lady at the front desk had the corporate information to give her but jesus christ! I've been in customer service for over 10 years and have NEVER experience such horrible customer service before in my entire life. You would think that after their ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT "trouble" that the car was franchise just experienced recently, that they'd step up their customer service skills! I will NEVER come back to this car was again!
1	My husband took his car into Danny's today to get his oil changed.  They came back and told him he needed all three fluids changed out and wanted to charge him about $300 for these services.  He declined.  He then took the same car to Brake Masters not too far away and they evaluated the fluids.  They stated the only fluid needed to be changed was the transmission.  The other two were PERFECTLY FINE!!!  Danny's is DISHONEST and tried to rip us off.  We will never return for any reason to a Danny's family car wash.  They can not be trusted!!!!!
3	Came here on a Monday afternoon. The guys were hustling to get the cars cleaned, and they did a solid job on my I-10-dirt/bug encrusted SUV . . . satisfied customer!Cheers!RS
1	This is the worst car wash establishment! I brought my Rover in at 510 and their are two guys working here and and two cars and I'm still sitting here. The workers are just hanging out going so slooooow and just talking to each other. Plus the guy doing my car knows I'm watching him waiting and he's deliberately watching me walking slow and acting like he's on his time. This place has the worst service! I don't even want to get into the girl at the front desk while paying for this crappy service. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
1	The car wash service at this location has gone down the tubes ever since the owner got in trouble. Paid $16 for their 'Works' package. The interior and windows were cleaned poorly and they forgot to treat the tires with Armor All, which was included. I had to go back around and show the manager how bad it was. Don't get your car washed here, it's awful. It appears the car wash portion of this business is doomed to eventually close.
1	The vacuuming was lazy, but the wash was good. My issue is that my GPS unit was missing from my glove compartment the next day. Hmmmm.... It was just a bottom line Garmin, but seriously?!!
1	Now I see why Danny's gets only 2 stars in Google reviews and even less at Yelp. Never again! Yesterday I stopped for a VIP car wash before a trip. Changed to Works when they wanted $5 more for leather treatment when I thought it was included. Went to pay and after charging me full price was told the member discount program expired at end of the year. After waiting 45 minutes my car had still not been finished or even touched outside and sat in the detail lane 2nd in. I gave up and decided to finish it myself. After 10 more minutes of trying to clean up the wheels someone finally came over and started to wipe windows. Told them not to bother. Then they wanted me to move my car???? I asked the attendant to "please let your manager know that Danny's has lost a customer". Again was asked to move my car and "there's a Francis and Sons just down the street". Pulled around to the oil change area and asked to talk to a manager. After explaining the situation was told that they would get him, but he was up front. Waited another 5 minutes and no one came. Left my reciept with the employee and again asked them to tell the manager he's lost a customer. They just don't care. Let me ask you, would you go back?
