5	**This place is actually on 43rd Avenue just north of bell**  I stumbled upon this excellent establishment a few months ago while attempting to find a nearby cafe, and it has since become a weekly, if not twice a week, habit.  Their sushi is some of the better stuff I have had here in AZ, and definitely in Glendale.  What really keeps me coming back for more though, are their udon soups.  They have a tempura, a nabeyaki (With egg), and a plain version (I think, never ordered it), and all are hands down the best this side of California, and better than most I have tried there.  There are also other noodle dishes, and some more traditional dinner entrees to choose from.  To top it off, they have half off sake/beer and buy one get one half off sushi rolls during happy hour.  The only problem is that they are generally understaffed, so if it gets busy, things get hectic...
5	I have been eying this place for awhile now and finally had the pleasure of eating here this Saturday. They just started a Happy Hour last month yay perfect timing got there at exactly 3 pm it goes on till 6. It was my sis in law's b-day and the staff was cheerful as we took up the whole sushi bar with the 6 of us. They must have just opened their door's as no one else was there yet. Talking to the su chef's we learned Yen Sushi comes from LA, they have 4 location's out there they look even better than this place very very nice you'd think you were in Scottsdale based on the decor. What this place is doing on the same corner as a Subway!?! I have no idea! Beautiful presentation and the sushi satisfied everyone's craving's! We had sushi mainly see crappy phone pics sorry I had to borrow my brothers crappy phone. I didn't care for the veggie sampler too much I was disappointed it didnt look like the picture and wasnt too appetizing the flavors just did not work for me, but other than that everything was grrrreat! They even brought the bday girl a huge green tea sundae, she absolutely loved it and it was way better than most places that give you cut up oranges. They said this place is hopping at night and we picked a good time to come before the dinner rush. People started to trickle in just before we left. I cant wait to go back soon and try some more yummy goodness I am very happy with my find!
5	Is it possible? Another 5 star review for a Sushi joint? Yes! Yes it is. I was going to have dinner with my BFAM, Kevin and decided to look up Sushi. I chose Yen due to the great reviews and BOY was I glad that I did. We were greeted and chose to sit at the sushi bar. I suggested to Kev that we go Chef's choice all the way. Of course my brother said "Hell yeah" to that! The Chef was mildly surprised at the request but quickly warmed up to the idea. If he was aiming to blow our socks off, he was dead on. There is something about simply made, FRESH food that tends to wow me. He started us off with a sashimi plate to die for. It included salmon, yellowtail, tuna, and octopus. Amazing. Every slice was fresh, not even a hint of being old. The best way to describe the after taste is "Clean", no fishiness or weird after taste. The chef then presented us with thinly sliced striped bass with fresh wasabe. Amazing... amazing! The slices of bass were so thin, you could see the plate underneath. The next thing we ordered was eel. Now, I'm usually not a fan of eel because it seems gritty or greasy to me. When we were served the eel, I was surprised to find nothing of the sort on my plate. It was delicious! The eel was crisp and flaky from the broiling. The entire meal was great from start to finish. I can't wait to visit Yen again.
5	Paul is the man.I accidentally stumbled upon this place one day with coworkers for dinner.  We sat at the bar where Paul, the owner and head sushi chef, promptly struck up a great conversation with us.  Ever since, this is a weekly visit for me.  Paul always is honest with his fish, tells me what is fresh and what isn't.  For newcomers, I definitely would recommend sitting at the bar and getting to know the fish.Thumbs up!
5	Great menu....great food....great prices...great SUSHI!I went for happy hour after 8 pm i was expecting more choices from the happy hour menu but it's all good the rolls were amazing...I'm glad I finally found a great place for sushi thats cheap and close to my house! woo hoo! The inside of the restaurant is very clean with tasteful decor... great place for a date or as a group
5	One of the photos here shows a tempura battered jalapeno half filled with all sorts of goodness. All I have to say is: put-it-in-my-mouth. Last night's dinner at Yen was re-frickin-diculous. Dottsy suggested going balls to the wall with the Chef's Choice and she was not wrong. We started off with miso soup, then a small pickled cucumber salad. Then the sashimi plate arrived. As much as I wanted to scream "MINE!" and fight off my friends' advancing chopsticks, I held back. Salmon, tuna, albacore, yellowtail and octopus graced this huge display and each one was really mouth-watering. the octopus in particular was delicate and not at all rubbery. The tuna melted on my chopsticks before dissolving completely on my tongue. After we raided the sashimi plate we were delivered some baked roll that was inhaled before the server even left the table. I have to admit that after that roll we waited a good 20 minutes for another one to arrive, or even more. That was a bummer, but fortunately we had excellent company with whom to pass the time. In total we had the sashimi plate plus 5 rolls, which was a gut-busting affair. We completemented our meals with big ole sapporos and a few people had sake(bombs). All in all the measure of a sushi place is how fresh their cuts of fish are and Yen is tied for first on my list of best sushi places. The $60 per person price tag was a little scary but I do feel like the quality warranted the price tag, if not the quantity of rolls. And even though this is a hike, I will be back because of the spectacular work they did with their fish.
5	Yummy and Very Creative Menu ... Beautiful presentation..... Love this place!
5	Wow. Just Wow. Took advantage of happy hour tonight and I'm impressed. $5 Philadelphia and Spicy Tuna Tempura rolls. The Spicy Tuna roll is hands down my favorite from anywhere so far.The Spicy Tataki and Heart Attack rolls had the heat I was wanting, however the heat from the Tataki Roll came out of nowhere and bowled me over with spice.The wonderful rolls with 2 BIG bottles of Saporo for $3 a pop and out the door for under $50 really made our night. We'll definitely be back.  My only issue has nothing to do with the restaurant. The domain listed on their take home menu isn't owned by anyone at the moment. Picky I know, but a massive pet peeve of mine. If you are restaurant, have a website and one that is mobile accessible. I was going to knock off half a star for this, but I then realized it's part of a chain in California and they don't have any control over it. So 5 stars it stays.
5	This is my second visit to Yen Sushi and I was impressed. They brought us complimentary Miso soup with our meal and because we made it in during Happy Hour (3 PM - 5 PM) we paid only $5 for each sushi roll. We had the Philadelphia roll, the calamari roll, the spicy tuna tempura roll, the salmon tempura roll and the tempura green tea ice cream also $5. I was stuffed by the 3rd roll, but very carefully made it through the delicious ice cream! Definitely a treat in 112 degree weather. The bill came to $27.08. Very reasonable for all that we ate and the excellent quality and care that was put into our dishes.I'm going to head back around 8 PM so I can grab a $5 watermelon martini at their 8 PM - close Happy Hour!
5	Thank god we finally found a good sushi place in Phoenix.  I thought it would never happen.  We had the Heart Attack, the Calamari Tempura Roll, The Rattlesnake, Soft Shell Crab, and a couple of Kirin.  OK.  The Heart Attack is amazing.  I mean, seriously.  It's like everything that is good about Jalapeno Poppers and everything that is good about a good roll all mixed up into one.  While the Calamari Tempura and the Soft Shell Crab Rolls were good - they always are - the Rattlesnake was the best.  I have a secret love for Freshwater Eel, but this roll capitalized on it and it was tremendous.  I do kinda wish we had gotten there before 5 or after 8 so we had been able to take advantage of Happy Hour - every day from 3-5 and 8-close (cuz they have $5 rolls and drinks!) but, even though we spent more than we wanted, it was well worth it.  I will DEFINITELY be going back.
5	This is by far the best sushi place I have ever been to (have never lived near the ocean). Everything was fresh. The king crab and asparagus roll was the best sushi roll I have ever had...the asparagus was cooked to perfection and cooled to the perfect temperature, the king crab melt-in-your mouth goodness, and the plate was dotted with a delicious spicy red chili sauce that complemented it all perfectly! The tuna and scallion roll was fabulous...the tuna was very fresh and clean tasting. Our friends had the baked scallop roll and boy was that decadent! Yum! It was a California roll topped with scallops in a rich cream-based sauce, broiled beautifully. The plain California roll was also excellent. The king crab roll was very good...a pocket of nori stuffed with a wonderful shredded king crab salad. I don't know how any other sushi place in Phoenix is going to compare to this.
4	God I miss this place. We started going about 2 months back and have been a regular there , at least once a week since finding it via Yelp. I'm in Scotland for three weeks and there's apparently nothing as good as this venue. While this may not be important to people this was by far the "fastest" turnaround from order to table, flowed nicely and didn't end up like the usual traffic-accident-at-sushi-central  that we've had on the tiny tables at Tokyo Lobby, or the table shuffle dance at  Fresh Wasabe  The entrance shows an attention to detail that appears throughout the room.I'm still new to sushi so the chance to try as much of it as I can for reasonable prices has been a winner.  After 8 o clock the happy hour,till close, has many interesting rolls for $5 and large Sapparos ,bottle,for $3.The latter is a public service that should be recognised by the good people of Phoenix and awarded a Yen Sushi day. Love the staff, the food's been great.. The sashimi tuna in garlic aioli sauce appetizer is amazing, yeah it's not cheap but with the happy hour on it pays off nicely to experiment. I can't wait till I'm back stateside again:)
5	Never before on the mainland have I had sushi that has made me stop and really, and I mean, REALLY savor the flavors. Like the world slows down "Matrix-style", grinds to a halt. It's that good.The last place that did that to me was a small place hidden in a business complex in Maui called Sensei, and since then, I have not had that experience.Until now. Run out of strip-mall, a Korean Chef named Paul runs Yen Sushi & Sake Bar, and creates some of the most interesting and delicious sushi I have had the pleasure of having.First off, the nigiri is very fresh, we had Spicy Scallops , Uni, & Smoked Salmon. The Spicy Scallops were exceptionally surprising, because the spicy sauce was not mayo-based, like EVERY OTHER SUSHI BAR EVER does. The result was nothing short of amazing.The smoked salmon was melt-in-the-mouth delicious, and the Uni ranks as the best I have ever had. All roe, very sweet, and not over-powering at all.For their Maki, we had the Heart Attack, which is basically the greatest Jalapeno Popper I have ever had. Extremely spicy Jalapeno, spicy tuna, real crab, and some sauces, deep-fried. Decadent.  Delicious.Our other roll was one that was a mixture of fish, I believe tuna, mackeral ,crab, mountain carrot, a few other veggies, and some eel sauce. Very fresh, and incredibly awesome.Delicious tea, and free miso, on top of an amazing atmosphere and an incredible chef, have made Yen the ONLY sushi bar that I will continually come back to in Phoenix.
5	I have passed by Yen Sushi & Sake Bar several times over the past couple of years always promising myself that I would venture inside and try the place out. However, I never made the leap - until last weekend. My daughter and her fiance raved about Paul, the sushi chef/owner of Yen and told me if I didn't go check it out I would be doing myself a severe disservice. Since my very dear friend SLR and I had not seen in each other for some time and were ardent sushi fans, I suggested she schlep up to my part of town and meet me at Yen for dinner. Besides....I was paying. When I arrived at the restaurant after an aerobic shopping session, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Paul, the owner, was no other than the Paul I knew from the sushi bar at Takamatsu (a Korean restaurant at 43rd Ave. & Olive).Paul remembered me and asked about my kids. I told him that my older daughter advised me to come in and now I was especially looking forward to a culinary work-out because Paul is nothing short of amazing. SLR and I arrived at the restaurant at 5pm and didn't leave until 8pm. We enjoyed the dinner, drinks, and company. We never felt rushed or made to feel that we were "holding up the wheels of progress" by hanging out for so long.Not only do I enjoy trying out the standard sushi fare at every restaurant (I'm a dyed-in-the-wool spicy scallop nigiri fan) but also adventurous enough to sample specialties of the house. We ordered the Rainbow Roll, a Caterpillar Roll, some nigiri sushi, and the piece de resistance:  the Palm Springs Roll which is a crab roll covered in a not-too-rich but just-right creamy sauce and small, delicately cut pieces of TOMATOES! I have never seen this particular dish offered at any other sushi venue so I have nothing against which to compare it. I will say, however, that it was FANTASTIC.The prices at Yen Sushi and Sake Bar are below average but the food is so far above average that I don't have room enough in this review to expound on the details. Trust me and go to Yen!
3	has anyone else played Diner Dash?i had the music and images of my finger dragging customers to tables, taking orders, and delivering food. two waitresses and servers for a restaurant of 10-12 tables and a handful of sushi bar spots. for some tables -- like ours --i could see the smoke coming out of our ears as we were waiting to order! but i digress.for phoenix, four stars. lumped into sushi restaurants as a whole, 3 stars. excellent value for money (45 piece sashimi platter for $45 is your best bet) and mostly fresh fish. some cuts of fish were better than others, but in general, i did have to drown them in wasabi to cut the taste of fishi-ness. you will be spoiled for choice with the sushi roll menu, and their servings are generous. nothing super memorable. i might go back if i had a super sushi craving.
5	Crunchy Spicy Tuna!!! Oh so Delicious!I underestimated Arizona....This place was just awesome!They have the best happy hour I have seen even in LA. $5.00 beers and $5.00 sushi 8pm-close. Yup we closed the place. It a small little whole in the wall restaurant that is located in a shopping center next to a subway.We arrived here after our 7 hour Drive from LA to AZ. The place closed at 10...i think, but we arrived at 11:15 and they still let us order food and beer! YAYEven after we were done....they let us order dessert! Excellent Service and Awesome Staff. Oh Yen Sushi...You had me at Hello....
4	Ive been trying a couple different sushi places and i think for the price and taste this is the best ive had thus far.  if you go during happy hour you wont regret it.  me my brother and my 2 cuzns pig out here and i mean pig out for about 60 bucks.
5	Loved it.  Great atmosphere, similar to Yasu in that regard.Great sushi and lots of great rolls.Fun spot.
5	Best sushi restaraunt in Phoenix. We go here as often as we can and they never dissapoint.   Happy hour is wonderful.
5	Great lunch sushi special: Two rolls (spicy tuna + one from a separate list) + miso soup for $9.I came here with my brother and sister for lunch after we had gone carting nearby. The service was excellent and we all ordered the lunch sushi special. Spicy tuna roll was sooo good. Fortunately, my brother couldn't finish his, and I obviously couldn't let it go to waste! lol! ;PI also had the yellowtail/scallion roll which was fresh and delicious as well. For appetizers, we got the cucumber salad and squid salad. Both huge portions (especially the squid salad) and tasty!They had a pretty extensive menu with lots of other rolls. Mmm...will have to come back here next time I'm in PHX.
5	This place has gotten really good reviews so I had to put this restaurant on my short list of places to check out.  I have come here twice in the past week, first was for a late lunch, and the second time was dinner with friends.  Both times were great, I love the feel here.  Feels like an authenic sushi restaurant, not that I know what that means, just doesn't feel like a glamarous overated place like you'd see in Scottsdale.  The employees fit the title, inside is decorated appropiately and oh that sushi comes out fresh, tasty, and with style.   This is my favorite place so far in AZ, I will be back again in no time.
5	If you are looking for a nice quiet corner place for the entire family, this is the place, don't let the location fool you.  We love it..good price and great happy hour.  taking the kid tonight...btw.
5	Very good.This place is really good.  Why?  The owners are the sushi chefs.  They buy high quality ingredients.  How do I know?  I worked for the company that supplies them a few things they cook up and they do not mind paying for quality.  The owner is notorious for his belief that good ingredients are expensive for a reason.  A lot of sushi places buy precut and plastic packaged salmon, tuna, and other fish.  The owner/sushi chef buys whole fresh fish and filets them himself.  The beef they use here is very good also.  Certified Angus Beef, in fact.  They don't even advertise that fact.  They let the quality speak for themselves.Everything is good but my favorite thing to have here is the cold soba/buckwheat noodles.  If you haven't had them before, make sure you try it here.  They will blow you away.  I think one time I've had two orders of it.  I just make sure to order it whenever I go.  When the owner has a passion for the food he serves, it's gotta be good.  I live an hour away from this place and I make it one of my top choices to go for good sushi and japanese cuisine.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
3	Good sushi, tea that tasted like dirt.I was feeling sushi, so I iPhoned the place that had the best reviews around and found Yen.  It was a small storefront in a strip mall, but had great sushi.  Prices were normal, and they had some good specialty rolls that unique and tasty.I was feeling a little non-H1N1-cold sick, so instead of some sake and beer, I opted for some hot tea.  It smelled like dirt and tasted exactly the same. Not like it was gross or funny tasting...it tasted like dirt, topsoil, terra firma. I am not a Japanese tea connoisseur  so I didn't send it back, because I thought maybe it was sort of special herbal healing dirt tea, I don't know.  Otherwise good sushi!If any fellow yelpers has any say on that, dirt teat thing, I'd love to hear it.
4	yes, yes, yes! thank you yelp. this is one place that i will keep coming back to. the caterpillar roll, garlic tuna roll, crunchy scallop roll were beautiful and the presentation was pretty. my dining partner is not so adventurous on the sushi front, as evidenced by our sushi order, but i tried enough to say everything was fresh and tasty. service was friendly, even when i spilled my water all over the table. i was really, really surprised how small this place is. i hope they'll be able to expand someday. if they keep the quality high there will definitely be a need. on the alcohol front, sake bombers ($5) are probably your best bet. the night i visited they had beer, sake and vodka only. i found that a bit strange, but since i'm a vodka kind of girl it didn't bother me a bit.
5	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is nice and the service is great. The food is amazing and reasonably priced. I think this place is great if you love sushi but don't want to spend a fortune. Also they make good drinks, my gf especially loves the watermelon martini! So yeah, I definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers!
4	Was craving some sushi so decided to check this place out after the reviews I read here on yelp.  I started out with the baked mussels and the sauce was too creamy for my liking and honestly was a bit worried.  Then came out the Alaskan roll which was very good.  Then the heart attack roll came out and wow that was one of the best rolls I've had in Phoenix.  I will totally be back to this place especially after seeing the good happy hour menu.
2	This review is for the 3-5p happy hour:Ehhhhhh.....Maybe I'm a sushi snob, but what I do know is that deep-fried does not equal sushi. There were 6 "sushi rolls" to choose from their happy hour menu, ALL of which consisted of deep-fried shiet. I don't get it? The sushi chefs are Japanese, they should be legit. The crunch roll was absolutely miniscule, the spicy tempura tuna roll and the tempura shrimp roll both had the same sugary mayo sauce squirted all over them, the green tea ice cream was covered in chocolate sauce! Disappointed after all these great Yelp reviews. Come to the happy hour if you want to get drunk. The rolls aren't even that cheap for what you get. Meh.
4	Went back again last night cause I was craving the heart attack roll.  It was as good as I remember from that long week I had since the last time I ate it.  I also had the Alaska roll again which was also good.  I washed the rolls down with some Sake and Kirin.  Then I cleansed my palate with some yummy green tea and strawberry mochi.  Yen I am sure I will be back really soon thanks again for another great meal.
2	Went around 3pm with a friend. Sat at a sushi bar. There were 2 other people sitting couple seats down. Where are sushi chefs? Maybe they went to have lunch... We ordered hot tea to start. Where is the happy hour menu? Do you have to ask for it to get it? Anyway, we just had regular menu. We ordered Tuna, Halibut, Salmon, Octopus sushi, Albacore sashimi, and Dragon Roll ($14.00) Shrimp tempura appetizer. Few minutes later, sushi chef (Paul) came out. It was weird he didn't say anything. No greeting, no how are you doing, no "irasshai" (typical greeting in Japanese). He sliced albacore sashimi and served it to us. It had garlic ponzu sauce on it. It was tasty, but the garlic was over powering the actual fish flavor. Shrimp tempura came next. It was heavy and soggy. Tempura is supposed to be fluffy and crispy. Tuna sushi was next. I had one piece and gave my friend the rest (5 pieces). Fish itself tasted fine, but the way chef sliced it made it fishy. He sliced it along the grain, not against it. Same with Halibut. It was so thick I had to chew it for long time. Halibut is supposed to be very thin and melt in your mouth. It's also supposed to be served with citrus ponzu, but didn't. So I asked for it. They gave me garlic ponzu, the same sauce they had on albacore. Not the same. True ponzu sauce does not contain garlic.Dragon roll was last. I was wondering what made this roll $14.00. There were so much eel on it, I had to separate eel from actual roll and eat it separately. Another sushi place that think bigger is better. No knowledge of art of sushi. The whole time we were there, sushi chef said 1 word. "How is everything?" after we ate everything. Sushi chefs kept disappearing after he made our order. I sat at sushi bar to interact. But they kept going to waitress station and talking to themselves. Loud enough for me to know they all spoke Korean to each other. The 2 ladies sitting next to us didn't help the matter either as they were laughing so hard it sounded almost screaming. We were still hungry, but we did not feel welcome there, so we just left. I tried it because they had such great reviews. My experience was not as good as other reviewers here.
5	Hands down, this cozy and humble little joint gives the sushi restaurants in the valley some serious competition. The atmosphere is friendly, the prices are very reasonable and the fish is as fresh as it gets.  The head chef and owner Paul, turns over so many tables each week, there's no time for frozen stuff stacked in the back of this gem. The food speaks volume all in itself. Sitting at the bar, you'd get to witness some serious knife skills, and you'd see fish so fresh it holds its shape when the knife is run through it.  I've always been partial to Sashimi and rolls that only had raw fish in it, until I was told to order a baked roll from the menu.  The baked scallop roll and baked salmon roll are simply outstanding, if you want something different from a Sushi restaurant, trust me, those are it. The Sashimi plates are way generous in portion and the variety is well balanced with lean tuna, a to die for seared tuna, and the fattier large cuts of salmon and yellow fin. The Sashimi plare also has slices of cooked octopus, it's no baby octopus either...  If you ask for fresh wasabi, not the paste, you'll experience another side of "Sushi" you never had before. Overall this is a great family owned restaurant, the food is simply tasty and doesn't have that "fishy taste" everyone worries about when sushi is mentioned.  If you get to chat with the chef, he's informative and entertaining, all the while cranking out his creations before your eyes. Don't miss the Tuna Tataki Sashimi, the ridiculously fresh tasting Uni (sea urchin) and those mouth watering baked rolls.  Happy hour is definatly worth the trip.  Good job Yen, I was getting tired of signing high bills while on a half empty stomach from most sushi places... you restored the peace.They also have chopstick helpers for young ones and those of us who may be chopstick challenged.
3	Ugh ..I wanted to like Yen. But I am thinking it was never meant to be. My husband warned me that I wouldn't like it. And that it was pricey. But I was  determined to prove him wrong and took  my girls.  As we entered I immediately had a great vibe, rich dark wood , cozy ,  but tasteful and clean. No overbearing screaming TV, no tacky decor. I knew I was going to love this place. Then to find out they had a Happy Hour Sushi Menu , I was quite pleased. But that is where it began to fall apart. As  soon as she brought me my Diet Coke in a can I was frightened.Nothing good comes of coke in a can with a meal unless you are serving pizza or brats off a cart.After discussing with the waitress that the 10 year old wanted sashimi with nothing on it  ,hers arrived with chives , white radishes  and and oniony soyish sauce... Her two plates of sashimi were quickly pronounced "gross".  Even I didn't like one of them.( they did comp that item ) My Happy Hour sushi was blah, no pizzazz  except  the cream cheese chunk in the Phil. roll.   Teenager Daughter acted like she liked her Teriayki  but when pressed for a review gave it only 3 out 6 stars aaaahhhh.  The edadame was fresh and tasty   but I am thinking that's not enough to get my girls back.  I on the other hand really want to like it so if you are willing to buy me dinner and a diet coke I'll try it again.
5	This place is traditional with it's japanese heritage looks, yet not with there traditional sushi bar openings. Most sushi bars are NOT open on Sundays, yet this one is! It's amazing. I love it. Especially there happy hour days are to die for! 3-5 & 8-close! 5 dollar expensive sushi rolls! I am a california roll fan, and they have this 'crazy boy roll' with is tempura california roll, MMMMMazing! Only one dislike...they serve soda out of cans. boo=[
2	Came here for dinner while traveling on business; I like to check out local sushi places where I go, and this one had pretty good reviews.  I would give this place 2.5 stars, if Yelp allowed half-stars, but I decided to round down, rather than up, because nothing really impressed me about this place.I ordered a big Kirin Ichiban beer, seaweed salad, small sashimi combo platter, and green tea mochi ice cream.  Turned out to be a big meal for one person.  The seaweed salad was much bigger than most places serve, which confused me, as I didn't want to fill up on seaweed.  It was $8.00, and had a sliver of crab on top of it.  Weird.  The sashimi was rather good; the small platter had 5 pieces each of octopus, albacore, fatty tuna, yellowfin, and salmon.  This is more sashimi than a typical small combo, and the price tag was higher, too ($28.00).  The individual sashimi orders on the menu were 7-8 pieces each, and most were $10.95.  What irked me was the albacore.  It had been seared in a previous life, with some weird spices, then chilled, giving it a hard outer crust and limp interior.  It reminded me of lunchmeat.  Not good.Not many sushi places offer the mochi ice cream - I was happy to see they had 'em.  Overall, decent quality fish, prices are rather high, chefs are pleasant...better than many sushi places in Phoenix.  I'm still searching for the sushi Mecca in that area, though.
4	Went today with a friend and we had a great lunch.  We started with the edamame and ordered 3 rolls.  The first to arrive was the shrimp and soy paper roll.  It was very good it had big pieces of shrimp with some crab and asparagus in it.  They topped it with a creamy sauce that made me not even use my soy sauce for dipping.  We then got the our next two rolls which were the heart attack roll and the shrimp tempura roll.  They were both very good and again covered in a sauce that tasted great with the roll.  We both left very happy and full.
4	i have had everything on the menu   yummmmm i sometimes eat here 3-4 times a week happy hour rocks 3-5 and reverse 8-close
5	We eat here at least once a week.  Easily the best and freshest sushi in Arizona, California and Mexico.  Paul is a master at selecting fish.  His sauces are awesome and very flavorful.Shashimi - pleaseRolls - yepSushi - yes yes yesHappy Hour - worth itGreen Ice Tea - their own blend.  Good for what ails you.
5	Loved everything about this place, the service was great, the sushi was fantastic, and paul at the sushi bar was very friendly.  If you're looking for a new sushi place, this is it...
5	So I just moved to Glendale AZ from Los Angeles and was craving sushi. I did what I always do & looked on Yelp for nearby sushi places, because Yelp has always been the best tool for finding anything great. I was so delighted to see Yen Sushi was less than a block from my house and looked like the highest rated place nearby. I decided to check it out by myself for lunch. I am not a big fan of spicy food, so I was hoping there would be some great non-spicy sushi as well (because a lot of people on Yelp only spoke of the spicy rolls.) The first thing I realized was that there was a lot of choices just for sushi & I liked how they were categorized baked, tempura, fresh, etc. I saw so many rolls that looked yummy, but they were expensive. I didn't like the prices so much, but for good sushi, you can't expect it to be super cheap...I'll have to try out the happy hour next time. I decided on the Hawaiian Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, and their California Roll.My favorite was the Shrimp Tempura Roll..it was HUGE! So yummy & it came with tempura vegetables. The Hawaiian Roll is good; it is garlicky! I got the CA Roll because I figured if that was not good then I was S.O.L.  I now know that 3 rolls are waaaay to much for me. I am used to 6 pieces that are small. These are pretty big with 7 or 8 pieces! It cost me $27.00 for lunch which was more than I would usually pay, but now I know I can get away with 2 rolls to fill me up. I would definetly recommend this place anytime. I am excited to try the happy hour, but I will be bummed about the special rolls not being on sale, because those are my favs.
5	Excellent sushi and salmon sashimi, very impressed. Try the Fresh salmon on Spicy Scallop Roll.
5	Good God, where has this been hiding? My bf and I just made our periodic trip to Phoenix and discovered this little gem. From his kids, no less. We went during the 8pm-10pm Happy Hour...on a Friday night. We got a table in about 20 minutes for 6 of us. Our server was super friendly and took our drink order right away. The cosmos and appletinis were $4 and the sake bombs (with Kirin or Sapporo) were $5 and numerous rolls were $5 each; how do you beat that? The food was spectacular. We ordered off of the regular menu (2 orders or tuna tataki, 2 orders of heart attacks, and a dragon roll) and the happy hour menu (crispy spicy tuna, philadelphia roll, calamari roll, shrimp tempura roll and a couple of others that I can't seem to remember). OMG, one slice of that tuna tataki and I was SOLD. This was some seriously great sushi...Bravo Yen Sushi! Our bill for 6 peeps was $96, that's with the tip included, no less...YAY! I will definitely be back.
5	Thanks to all the positive reviews on Yelp, my girl Danielle & I tried this place out last night.For a Wednesday night this place was packed! There were 2 parties ahead of us waiting for a table so we opted to sit at the bar.We started off with sake bombers. Only $5 each! I think we got a good 4-5 shots from it, so good!! I don't have too much experience with sushi so I let D order everything. From the happy hour menu she ordered the crazy boy roll & the philly roll, both only $5 each. From the regular menu she ordered the dragon roll & the yellowtail. These were all a 1st for me. The crazy boy was so yummy, I like it better than crunchy rolls which I used to always get. The philly roll was delicious, all the flavors went together perfectly! I didn't really care for the dragon roll, the eel on top was not appealing to me at all & I spilled some sake on it lol. The yellowtail was by far my favorite, even though it looked really scary when they 1st brought it out! I can't believe how good it was, so simple yet so amazing! I am definitely getting more than 1 order of it next visit. Our total came out to $42 & some change, what a deal! We will definitely be back, during happy hour of course!!
4	Went here with a friend recently, and cannot wait to go back!For a nondescript storefront in a forgettable plaza, Yen Sushi & Sake Bar is both charming and memorable.  This is a small location--no more than two dozen tables, plus additional seating at the sushi bar, but it is beautifully decorated and well-staffed.The menu is a small book!  It took my dining companion and I more than a few minutes to decide on our rolls for the evening.  Based on our experiences with other sushi bars, we each ordered two rolls--he the chicken teriyaki roll and one more 'traditional' roll that I cannot remember, me the veggie roll and the veggie tempura roll.  Soda was served by the can, but was well-chilled and served with a glass of ice.We were each brought a cup of miso soup to start.  The rolls were well-timed, arriving just as we finished our soup.  There was a LOT of food!  The traditional rolls were large enough, but the chicken teriyaki and veggie tempura rolls each came with a side of what they were made with!  Those rolls alone would have made for a meal.Quality of the food was excellent.  The veggie tempura roll was warm, all of the ingredients were fresh, and there was no discernible "fishy" flavor that sometimes plagues the seaweed at other restaurants.  The extensive selection of speciality rolls are really where Yen Sushi & Sake Bar shines, and we can't wait to go back and sample some more.  Prices are reasonable; roughly in line what one would expect to pay for sushi outside of Scottsdale.A must-visit for any sushi fan!
4	The happy hour sushi is very good value.  We ordered the calamari roll, shrimp tempura roll, and udon noodle soup.  Not authentic Japanese, but decent sushi.  Average, maybe slightly below average miso soup.  Left feeling full and happy.
5	The best sushi  I have ever had! The service was excellent. I can't believe we found this place in a strip mall in the middle of the desert!! We will definitely return, with friends!
5	As good as it gets in the Valley. Has to be the best and freshest sushi I have had here. Three of us went in after 9pm on a Friday night. The best part about rolling in late was the reverse happy hour. Nice list of rolls, appetizers and beverages at happy hour prices. We picked up an app and a couple rolls off the menu. We also ordered a small sashimi sampler and a plate of yellow fin tataki with chile. I am still daydreaming about the freshness and the clean flavors of the sashimi and tataki. The restaurant is in a shopping center but it offered ample parking. The place was packed when we arrived but we didn't wait long to get a table (about 5 minutes).
5	Best sushi ever! Great happy hour too. 3-6 and 8-close they have $5 rolls and cheap drinks. They have some unique sushi. My favorite is the heart attack! The environment is really nice too. You won't be disappointed by trying this one!!!
4	Great sushi!!! Service was speedy! Quite a few unique rolls to try here! Get here early on the weekends and it got quite busy for the dinner rush! Will be coming back for sure!
4	I am always hesitant to try new Sushi restaurants, but because this was right by the house I used to live in at the time, I decided to check it out.First, their to go menu is like a CD booklet.  Full pictures, full color, fully AMAZING.  I don't know if they still give these out, but if so, grab one.Second, sit at the bar.  Don't eff around and sit at a table hidden in the back.  You lack the action of the frontal plain and you miss out on the opportunity to meet new people and possibly get the hook up on free samples.Third, Paul, the main chef, is awesome!  He is always very friendly, very personable, and has many interesting stories.  One time I went in here for lunch and he helped me learn to use chops sticks (I know, this is SO embarrassing and pathetic on my behalf, especially considering the amount of sushi I eat, but somehow I blame it on being a lefty).  Although I was not able to master the technique he provided, I will never forget the personal attention he gave to us.Fourth, the food.  Well, it's obviously delicious otherwise I wouldn't have rated it as such.  I know that certain fish cuts are seasonal, but I seem to be slightly disappointed when Toro is not available, and it is rarely available here.  Their Yellowtail Sashimi is wonderful.  I guess I can't really pick a favorite, but they do have a large selection of rolls available.Fifth, ambiance.  Dark, quaint, I love the wall paper behind the bar.
5	Another Sushi bar run by friendly Koreans. This one though, is a step above the others.The chef (and owner I think) Paul, was incredibly friendly and explained how he uses only quality ingredients - especially in the reasonably priced and delicious small sashimi platter ($27). You can tell that quality is important to Chef Paul.The Happy Hour specials (every day 3-5pm) keep bringing us back for the $5 rolls - Salmon and Shrimp rolls and $3 large Sapporo are our favorites.We also tried the baked scallop cheese appetizer ($8)and it was simply sinful.
5	I stumbled across Yen Sushi about a 1 1/2 years ago and it's one of my favorite places. The first time I went I wanted to just get takeout and I did over order but it was AMAZING! The second time I actually ate at the sushi bar and Paul is awesome! Service is top notch and so is the sushi. This places is great for lunch, dinner or even takeout. I would go there several times a week but now I'm down to at least once to get my sushi fix. You won't go wrong with ANY dish you have at Yen Sushi. AMAZING!!!!
5	I read great things about Yen and checked it out today for a business lunch. The service was amazing, it's easy to have a quick lunch there, and they have cheap sushi lunch specials, but I was there for a business lunch, and we stayed for 2+ hours. The service was above and beyond excellent. The two ladies serving us were always on standby for whatever we needed, right down to spotting my friend drop his napkin and bringing him a new one before he even realized he dropped it.The food was incredible. I had read about a scallop appetizer and meant to order that, but instead ordered the Mussels with Dynamite Sauce. What a wonderful mistake it turned out to be. There were six large mussels on the half shell, served hot with a savory Dynamite sauce, scallions and fish eggs. They were excellent. We decided to order several rolls, including the Hot Night roll, the Spicy Tuna Tempura (amazing tempura sweet potato comes with this), and several others, as well as a few pieces of sushi, including the Yellowtail belly, which was delicious and super fresh. Since our eyes were way bigger than our stomachs, we had our server box up the remaining food and she was kind enough to put the box on ice for me to keep the fish cold! Without asking!!!! In hindsight, I wish I had asked her name so I could put it in this review and give her props. Highly recommended and I will definitely be returning soon!
5	This place kicks! Have never had a bad meal here or bad service. Sushi rolls are always fresh. The best is they have reverse happy hour from 8PM to Close with a nice selection of discounted rolls and beers.
5	Returned to this place and still love it!! I decided I would love it more if they had normal happy hours. The HH begins at 8? Strange. We would go more often if it began at 4 or 5 and lasted until 6 or 7. Just a thought.
5	Hella good! The happy hour prices are great and the rolls aren't skimpy! The service is pretty good too. I enjoyed this better than Fresh Wasabi.
4	Good sushi. Not the best I have experienced, but some of the better sushi for Arizona. They also offer a variety of Japanese soups and entrees. Very Asian decor. The place is located in a strip mall. Nice variety of selections on the menu. Long wait list to be seated on weekend nights. And when the place is busy, also expect a short wait to use the restrooms, which are located in a confined area.
2	Looks like I have to agree with my friend Deb L.  I too wanted to like Yen since it's pretty close and I really got excited about all the positive reviews.  Though, sorry Deb-I don't mind cans of pop :)So, I have their spicy pork bento box and my buddy had a couple rolls.  The rolls were a disappointment I could tell, just not quite what she's used to.  She also complained about an immediate potty trip upon arriving home, despite my explaining it's impossible for food to travel through your digestive system in a half hour....I had the spicy pork bento, I don't think I left quite as disappointed but I'd call the pork oily before I called it spicy.  The usual accompaniments (miso, salad, etc.) were pretty blah I thought.  And I do agree it's pricey especially considering the mostly abandoned strip mall location across from a Whataburger...
4	Pros:- the sweet water eel Chirashi was a true delicacy. The eel was very fresh and impeccably prepared with just the right amount of sauce.- 911 rolls were OK- impeccable serviceCons:- weird mall location, somewhat hidden/hard to find
4	I've tried a lot of sushi places in Phoenix, but this is my FAVORITE!The best AND worst part about Yen Sushi: they have great specials every night after 8pm. They place a lot of their quality rolls on "happy hour" for only $5! The bad part about that? It's crowded! This is a small sushi bar tucked in a strip mall-type setting, so when they fill up there isn't much room to wait for a table.It didn't get 5 stars from me because of the service. It's lacking! Even when tables are open, expect to wait at least 5 to 10 minutes before you are greeted. When you ARE seated, refills usually come only when you ask for them.Overall, this place is exceptional. Sure the service may need some improvement but you can't beat the quality of the food, the specials they offer, and the inviting environment. Give it a try, you'll love it!
5	Best time to go is during happy hour when Paul, the owner, is working. If you like sushi, this place is a must try. It's hard to find decent sushi in Arizona, and Yen is one of the better ones.
5	Yen has amazing sushi. I would say that they have the best sushi in AZ. You have to try it to see how amazing it is. The service is great and I feel like I just stepped into Japan. The whole sushi experience is very authentic and perfect place to hang out with friends or take a date :DThere is only one thing I don't like. Sometimes it get's to busy so make sure to get there early (around 7 P.M) if you want to be seated right away.
4	The sushi here was good. Wish they had more rolls on the happy hour menu. I really liked how small this place was. The sushi was awesome and the happy hour rolls were reasonably priced.  This is a popular spot so get there early to avoid the lines...
5	Hands down best sushi in town. They have a awesome happy hour too. I try to eat here 2-3 times a week.
3	The sushi is pretty decent for what you pay for (given that it's no high end sushi like Roka Akor) but then I always believed you usually get what you pay for. The line however is ridiculous, especially if you are trying to catch their "happy hour" special. For me, the menu items were better than the happy hour if you are willing to pay just a little bit more. Service is also a little lacking. But having been in AZ for the past couple months, I've grown to loosen up my Los Angeles standards.
5	Let me start this review by saying I DON'T LIKE SUSHI.  My wife does and we have been to a few different sushi places over the years.  Every time I try a few pieces of what she gets and it has VERY rarely been even good.  Yesterday, however, we went to Yen Sushi & Sake Bar.  This place is fan-freaking-tastic.  We went during Happy hour and the prices were great.  I got a hot sake and a large beer.  We ordered a few rolls; a tempurad california roll, tempurad spicey tuna roll and a shrimp roll.  They were all perfect.  They are exactly what sushi should taste like.  The spicey tuna roll was simply perfect.  It had a sweet eel sauce on it that complemented the roll perfectly.  I would highly recommend if you go anywhere else for sushi you at least give this place a shot, you will not regret it.
1	What a dump!! The waitress forgot my wife's order, brought the beer with the glass stuck in the top of the bottle. No traditional Japanese greeting when entering and I don't think they cared if I left or not- I hate places that you have to hunt down the waitress to find your order, then hunt the ass again so you can have another beer. Really if you're that lazy-- just stay home like the rest of the people who don't want a job. Never again after living in Japan for 5 years with good sushi every wear these people need some serious training- YUCK!!!
5	Cute atmosphere great prices great sushi excellent service. Would recommend to anyone.
5	Met my family for Happy Hour for the first time and I was greatly impressed.  Happy Hour Sushi is delicious.  I would come back just for the Crazy Boy.  It is a small intimate place yet very family friendly.  Can't wait to go back.
5	My favorite place to eat. Great happy hour!
5	Wow... i went to dinner with hubby tonite and it was a great experience. Friday and Saturday nites are busy but it was worth the wait. I had a Large Hot Sake, hubby had a vodka with cramberry.. for dinner we shared the house salad, tempura roll and the california roll and we were in love. the food was fresh and tasty. and only cost $26.78 = tip during happy hour..we are so coming back every week.
4	Yen is a fantastic choice for anyone needing their sushi fix. That's the best thing going for them, their food. Hands down the best eel I've ever had in town and close to the best oyster shooters I've taken. The green muscles are hands down the best appetizer I've had in any sushi joint. The chefs behind the bar are also very friendly and don't mind drunken people talking their ear off while working. The only problem with yen is that its really only worthwhile during the happy hour's they have and at that time it's almost impossible to get a seat without waiting and don't even try to get to the bar during those times. So your forced to sit at a table and be waited on by sub-par waitresses. Out of the 20 or so times I've been there I've had great service maybe 3 times at a table. Slow on refills and even refusing to split a check for my party on numerous occasions. But you take the good with the bad and I would recommend this place over any huge sushi restaurant with flash any day.
4	We have been here twice now and have had great food AND great service both times.  Have not been during happy hour, but left around when it was starting and there was a line out the door.  It's a very small but clean and nicely decorated sushi bar.  Not a big fan of the raw stuff, but have tried some of their specialty baked rolls and they are delicious.  My favorite is the Teriyaki chicken roll and the heart attack.  They only serve soda in a can, which is the only negative I found in this small little strip mall Sushi bar!  So go try it!
4	Total hole in the wall, SIGN ME UP!!!  We ate at Yen with my dad and sister and the food was great. The boys has Udon noodles, and the rest of us had sushi.  My favorite was the Philly roll with asparagus.  My favorite roll ever has asparagus, so this was a huge suprise and a total treat! Yen is completely unassuming from the outside, and you would easily drive past it.  It is totally worth stopping into say hi and have some excellent food, both sushi and Japanese.
5	I read a few yelp reviews before checking this place out, and the high ratings are right-on! We had a few rolls, Shrimp Tempura, Salmon and Scallop, Crazy Kid, and Salmon Tempura to start. SO AMAZING. We also had a Tempura appetizer.. I guess you could say that we like fried stuff a little. The veggies were crisp, the yams were cooked perfectly aslo (not soggy like I have had at other places), and the shrimp was obviously fresh. I had one of the Udons, mine came with two delicious fishcakes, mushrooms (enoki maybe?), one tempura shrimp, and the perfect amount/type of seaweed. I have long loved Udon, but now I have a favorite in Phoenix for which to compare all others in the area. My husband had the Terryaki Chicken and he didn't say a word while eating. This is a very good sign. When he doesn't like his food he talks about something to avoid eating it. He barely shared a bite with me. Even though I tasted an onion in my bite, it was savory nonetheless. I am willing to bet that you will be elated by anything that you order on their menu. I cannot wait to come back.
4	I'm so mad at myself for being so close to this place, but never had the opportunity to check it out until just recently. I absolutely LOVE coming here for their lunch specials. $8.99 for miso soup, spicy tuna roll, and shrimp tempura roll? Heck yes! It's such a great alternative to eating fast food for lunch when you are essentially paying the same price. I've already been here 3 times within a couple weeks of my first visit!
5	My friends and I usually come here for happy hour, which I think they are pretty much famous for.  Food are good, especially the crazy boy rolls.  I am not too much of an alcoholic, but I would recommend the sake bomber since you get more bang for your buck.  Another good thing about their happy hour menu is the cost.  You pay $5 for 1 roll.  Where else can you get a regular sized roll for only $5. I believe they have 2 times each day for their happy hours: 3-5p and 8-close.
4	I go to school right by this place and saw it on yelp a few times but I never got around to going. The other night after picking my girl up at the airport we were aimlessly driving around looking for food after what seemed like hours we settled on sushi and I decided to try Yen. Omg, I had no clue what I was missing! The food here is amazing! My girl ordered the cucumber salad and she said it was just ok. We got 4 rolls; a crunchy roll, 2 California rolls, and a Philly roll. They were all amazing! Before finding Yen we had been to Ra, Zen 32, and Koi but this place is by far the best! My only complaint is that it's too small and too many people know about it so be prepared to wait a while but it is definitely worth it!Been back a few more times and my opinion has not changed; this place is amazing. without a doubt the best sushi bar in Phoenix!
5	My very last supper in Phoenix was at Yen Sushi & Sake, omakase all the way. The experience at Yen is top-notch and the staff is on point. Typically if everyone is doing chef's choice, you share all the plates, but in an inspired twist, Chef presented us with individual plates of sashimi. Filled.to.the.brim. Holy cow, this could have been a meal in and of itself, loaded down with octopus, ahi tuna, albacore, salmon so fresh and fatty it melted like butter in my mouth, and two other cuts I can't remember. SO MUCH SASHIMI! Then our table was hit with five more plates of rolls, one right after the other, including the cucumber lollipops, the heart attack, a little tempura, etc. We chowed on all of it, audibly moaning and pointing at things while trying to wrap our mouths around gigantic roll slices.Best sushi in the Valley, what more could I possibly say?
4	We are thrilled to have found a pretty good sushi restaurant that is somewhat close to our neighborhood!We were welcomed and seated promptly!  Waters were brought very quickly, along with a Kirin and Sochu!  Even the sushi was pretty fast.The first thing that came out was our salmon sashimi!  I looked great, the slices were of good size, and was super fresh!  Great start!Then we received our order of Heart Attack.  Tempura fried fresh jalapeno stuffed with crab, spicy tuna and cream cheese.  Again, another winner!The next thing to come out was the Philly roll.  I must say that this is a different version than I'm used to, so was a little curious about if I'd like it or not.  Both my husband and I agreed that we liked it better than the standard traditional Philly roll.  The inside is cream cheese, cucumber and asparagus with the salmon on the outside.  Not only do you get more cream cheese this way, but also more salmon!  Definitely one we'd re-order again.This was followed by the Spicy Tuna Crunchy roll.  Again, a different take on the typical spicy tuna roll.  This one didn't so much pay off.  Both my husband and I agreed that we like the traditional version, and would try to order it without the "crunchy" in the future.  While it wasn't bad by any means, it left a lot to be desired in terms of the freshness and spice you get from a traditional Spicy Tuna.And we rounded out our sushi experience with the baked Scallop Roll.  Scallops and crab on top of a Cali roll, that it baked with some tasty sauces drizzled on top.  Reminds me of one of my favorite rolls that I always used to get before moving to Arizona, and have never found it anywhere since.  I must say that while it wasn't a duplicate of my favorite, it was pretty close and definitely tasty!We will definitely be making Yen a repeat when we are wanting sushi!
1	The food is really good- the customer relations stink.We've been many times and always enjoyed the food, but the loud dance music, which is played even at lunch time, is clearly for the enjoyment of the employees.The last time we ate here, we asked to be seated away from the overhead speakers. Still, it was so loud we couldn't hear each other, so I eventually asked the waitress to turn the music down. She did, but right away one of the sushi chefs confronted her and angrily turned it back up! Won't ever be back.I'm really tired of restaurants playing music or t.v.s. Some of us actually talk over a meal.
3	Some of their rolls are on the pricey side, but the unique quality of their rolls is delicious!  Their volcano is almost it's own meal. ^_^
4	I'm a big fan of this sushi spot.  Another 'west side' gem (and there's not too many, unfortunately).  Sushi is outstanding and the menu offers many options.  I'm a rice snob and the rice is excellent...that's not always the case at other sushi restaurants.
4	This place is kind of dark, but I think that's what makes it a good place to get sake (convenient if you get asian glow). We didn't get any sake on this visit, but it says $5 sake bombs during happy hour. Therefore, I would definitely come back during happy hour because the rolls can get pretty expensive here. I got the Spicy Scallop & Salmon Roll ($11.95). The salmon was fresh and the roll was good, it was just so darn expensive! I wanted to try the seaweed salad as well, but as I was ordering I realized it was $8 so hastily changed to edamame for $3. All in all, a good place to come to happy hour with friends. Lots of tables (with cushions) and seats at the sushi bar.
4	Yum, Yum, Yum! I am a huge sushi fan and eat some type of sushi every week! I really enjoyed my experience and would recommend this place to any sushi lover. There is a large selection of fish and rolls and the prices were not jumping off of the menu. The fish is very fresh and quite frankly, when its 115 degrees outside and 1,000 miles from the nearest ocean, the quality and freshness was great!
3	I'm a sushi junkie. I've hit up almost every sushi joint that I've been able to find in Phoenix including the places that identified merely with a yellow sign outside that says..."SUSHI"! That's why I was so excited to try out Yen. I loved the place the second I walked in. The atmosphere was great, the people were friendly, and the location for me is excellent. Unfortunately for this sushi joint...I really only care about the sushi. That's why one of my favorite places in town is a hole in wall over on Dunlap and 19th Ave. I was so disappointed with the quality of the fish and the actual rolls. We ordered about eight rolls and only finished two of them. You basically have your choice of eel or fried and these are tempura battered rolls I'm talking about. I enjoy light sushi which is the way sushi is supposed to be. A fried tuna roll that weighs over a pound is just too heavy. I'll give it another shot for sure because I really do think it's a nice place but I was shocked that it's Yelp score was as high as it was.
5	I moved to Arizona a year ago with my boyfriend. We love small sushi places and couldn't find one until we ate here. If you go during happy hour it is really cheap and delicous!! We go all the time now and are never unhappy! :)
5	I have been here perhaps 10 times in the last year and have had varying experiences. The first time I must say was great but several of my experiences thereafter were mediocre. Tonight the food was phenominal! Service was kind of what i expect at any sushi place, friendly but not over the top. I do believe sitting at the sushi bar is the way to go. The chef is awesome and i love the fact he put a couple of kids in their place when they hit the bar for their "sake bombs"! Hands down the best sushi in the area. Love this place!
5	I've been all around the valley looking for a decent Sushi location.  I finally found my spot at the Yen Sushi & Sake Bar.  This place is great and when it comes to Sushi I don't care how much I spend. strongly recommend, will be back very soon.
2	This place is located next door to a nail salon.  The smell is overwhelming.  The acetone and other strong chemicals used at that salon carry over into the restuarant.  I am sorry for them.  We were there 8/15/11 for happy hour.  Food was average.  Service was average.  All just average.  I think others give this place high stars because they have no other sushi options in this area.  They don't know what they are missing.  There is nothing special about Yen.  And the chemical smell from their neighbor was so strong that we will never go there again.  I don't know who was there first, but if Yen wants to stay, I hope the nail place relocates.
5	Hands down, the best Sushi in Arizona. I've had sushi in Japan and this is definitely comparable. I can't stop going to this place.Of course the fish isn't always perfect but 9/10 times it is!
4	Delicious!
4	We were looking for a new sushi place after having a bad experience at our old local place, Kabuki.  So after 'Yelping' it, we found this place.When walking in, it had the nice smell of.. a hair and nail salon.  Oddly there were none around.  Once walking in, you definitely got the nice aroma of sushi around you.  And No, not the fishy smell.  We sat and ordered the drinks.  heads up.. if you want soda, this place is not on fountain  yet, so get ready to pay $1.50 a can.  Glad I drank iced tea. So my review is based on the food alone.  I had probably the best Rainbow Roll I have ever eaten.  It was so good.. that after I was done, i ordered another one.  I usually get the edemame, but there's wasnt that great.  It wasnt bad, it just didint 'wow' me.  Would I go here again? Definitely.   This place is really packed.. which is so odd because it's not in a great location.Good food I guess! :)
5	My favorite sushi place in Phoenix.  Always delicious.  Happy hours are great.
3	Based on the other reviews, I wanted to try this place out.Food was pretty good...one dish, the Heart Attack (crazy yummy jalepeno and tuna, crab and cream cheese number) was OUTSTANDING.  The rest of the food we ordered was pretty good.But the service was lame, lame lame.  Ugh.  I had to flag someone down for a 2nd glass of wine and it wasn't easy to find someone.  Then I had to flag someone else down for a refill on water.  I told the waitress it seemed like they were ignoring us.  She was so nice...but dang, the service was weak.  Food came up quickly though.  Almost too quick.  The table was covered in plates we ordered...nothing was staggered.  A bit disappointing.
4	I'm someone who does not like anything fishy, but I went bravely to Yen's for my first sushi experience upon recommendations from family & friends. They were right, it was great! The tempura calimari roll made me a fan. I went big & tried the raw trio and found I actually liked the tuna. There is a good deal was soup & a Cali or spicy tuna roll (or raw trio) plus choice of another roll for $8.99, and it was more than I could finish eating. Overall: good food, good price, good quantity.
5	My friend had taken me here, i have been to plenty of sushi bars and restaurants, but this one is special, this one is the best. First off, the prices. They are unreal fair. When i looked at the tab, I actually said, that's not bad at all. But more than that, the sushi is simply amazing, my unagi plate presentation was crazy, served on a sizzling plate, it defiantly had the whole restaurant staring. The crunchy tuna roll was fantastic along with the sashimi.If you have friends that don't like sushi and have never tried it, take them here, it will make them think twice!
5	We have been looking for a great sushi place closer than Ra, and we have found it here.  Everything we had (Crazy Boy, Las Vegas, Soft shell crab, shrimp tempura, mussels and the white tuna sashimi) was great.  Definitely a good place to go relax, have some Sake bombers and sushi.  We will be becoming "regulars" at this place for sure
5	I am not a sushi eater but all my friends were meeting here, so I thought, I'm in the mood for teryaki chicken so I'll try it out!  I ended up ordering the teryaki chicken roll which had crab it in. Let me tell you, I really enjoyed the mix of something familiar (teryaki chicken) with something new, crab. The servers were very friendly and funny. They have a good happy hour too!
4	Great food and prices! Better service could've given it 5 stars. Because I had a party of 6, it seemed that they relied solely on the courtesy 18% gratuity:( In fact, they we would've tipped much better had they tried harder (they completely forgot I ordered an app, maybe 1 round of refillson water and tea, not once did they ask how the food was). I've worked in the industry for many years in the past and always acknowledge good service and tip very generously when it's even "normal". Sad to see so many people doing less than minimum, thus I also have to acknowledge that too. Industry workers reading this: just try.... I promise it will not go unnoticed.
5	Yen is by far in my top 3 sushi bars. The staff are always friendly and chef Paul makes some tasty rolls. Happy hour rolls are a bit limited (I hope they add more), but they are delicious. My favorite is their Philly roll. Most places put cucumber or carrot, but Yen uses asparagus instead and wow what a difference. The calamari roll is very good (texture is not rubbery like other places I've been too *cough* Kabuki). If you want a roll without rice I recommend the rock and roll. This roll has salmon/tuna/avocado wrapped in cucumber. The chef uses skewers to hold them in place which makes for an interesting plating. This is a great little place and with amazing quality sushi.
4	My boyfriend and I love this place! Great place, The sushi is always good, the happy hour $$ are amazing!  Among the top 2  places I love going for sushi.
4	I was having a crazy sushi craving and unfortunately I no longer live in Scottsdale and going to Sushi Roku was out of the question. I pulled up sushi restaurants on Yelp and it was a showdown between Yen and Tokyo Lobby. Tokyo Lobby has weird hours so I just went to Yen.I was blown away by the variety of rolls they have on the menu I wanted to order them all but I settled on a Philly roll and the heart attack. I was caught off guard when I saw that the salmon was placed on top of the sushi and not in the roll. I usually don't like my sushi that way but I ate it all it was delicious. The heart attack was really was like an Asian jalapeno popper I've never seen anything like this at any other sushi restaurants it was amazing. My sisters ordered bento boxes and they were very pleased with their meals before we were done eating we were already making plans to come back! I feel so lucky I have found a great sushi restaurant in my neighborhood. I can't wait to come back!
5	If you want Scottsdale ambiance and a place to been seen, go to Ra, Stingray, Blue Wasabi or Pure.  If you want excellent sushi at reasonable prices, go to Yen.  The sushi is amazing and you and a date can escape for under $50.  I highly recommend.
4	great food all around.presentation of the sushi also great.the fish is always fresh. been back to this place many time. and so far, this is one of the best sushi in town.the only catch is, this place is not cheap. you can spend $50 easy for lunch on a couple of nigiri. one thing though, skip the udon.
5	Service is always great here. Sushi is amazing.  I too wish they would expand the happy hour menu but as for the rolls on there....AMAZING. I'm hooked
5	Great place,nothing else to say.
4	Ambiance and layout of restaurant is small and pretty chill. Happy hour goes from 8pm to close which means sake bombers for 5 bucks, philli and a couple other rolls for 5 bucks, and some other specials for good pricing. Again, four stars because of a lack of that "blow my socks off" x factor
2	Their sushi is really good.  We got the Hawaiian roll with the seered albacore tuna.  The flavor was really good and held up to the wasabi.  The warm baked salmon roll with sour cream was even better.  Teriyaki roll was just okay.The service was just plain bad.  When you only order 3 dishes and all you have to do is take an order and deliver one dish for each person.  What do you do on your free time?  Surely not forget my miso soup and forget to give me my wasabi.  There were a total of 4 tables to attend to for 2 waitresses.  I had to tell the waitress about refilling my tea and bringing my wasabi midway through my dish when I could not stand being thirsty.  The older lady got sounded agitated when I asked her about the soy paper for some strange reason and said it was an extra dollar.  I told her I was just wondering...jeez!Nevertheless, they did not deserve any tip, but we did tip around 7%.  We are ordering take out from now on.  They have good food and this latest visit was just bad compared to other previous mediocre visits.
4	Casual and comfortable, Yen isn't a see-and-be-seen place, but it sure hits the spot when you're craving some sushi. And for the record, it does have quite a bit more ambiance (read low lighting, muted decor, and pillowed benches) than several other places of its size and relative location.Let's get to the important stuff: the food. I've been here a few times and never had anything less than fresh, quality fish. Toro, Sake, Hamachi, we've had it sashimi style and in funky-good rolls. Unagi and Tuna tataki are top notch, too. Among my favorites are the Sunset Roll (crab mix and avocado roll topped with salmon, sliced lemon, and rooster sauce), and the heart attack (think jalapeno poppers stuffed with seafood).They have great happy hour discounts on drinks and food, but for me the hh menu is a little one-dimensional with mostly tempura items. I love me a deal, but I would suggest mixing in a few regular menu items to round out the experience.Oh, and don't dine here if you're in a time crunch. The service has always been courteous, friendly - and beyond slow. I usually enjoy a slower pace, but it's nice to have a full water glass and a drinky-poo to help pass the time.
3	It was okay sushi but not great (but it's the only place I've tried in Phoenix.Restaurant was nice inside (four stars there) and everyone was friendly, par for the course at a sushi place.  If the sushi was a little better it'd get an extra star from me.
4	Yes, please! Holy yum.
4	This place is has REALLY GOOD SUSHI. The Happy hour rolls are only $5, but there is only one fresh fish roll for happy hour (Philly roll). The lunch special is fantastic (12-3), a "bento box" for only 7.99, or two rolls (Including a couple fresh fish rolls) and meso soup for 8.99. Seriously unbelievable for the quality. I do not suggest visiting on a weekend night for happy hour, because they are super busy, and inept at dealing with that many people. The best times to visit are for lunch, or early dinner (12pm - 5pm). If the service was better, this would definitely be a 5 star.
3	I don't usually write reviews very often (in fact ever).  But I felt that the 4.5 stars does not currently reflect my previous sushi experience here.  First off, the service here was really good.  The waitress was really nice, very prompt and courteous and provided the food quickly. The food itself, was prepared well, I usually eat a lot of nigiri and the pieces are ok in amount of fish, the rice was packed well and the quality of the fish was good.The major downside in my opinion is that its pricier than I expected.  I wish Yelp would provide "2.5 dollar signs".  Granted, I did not come for "Happy Hour" which ends relatively early at 5pm.  I go to a lot of sushi restaurants and for the amount of fish provided, I would have expected it to be cheaper.Also, the edamame cost $$.  Even the miso soup is not complimentary.  Considering the above average price, I've been to too many other places that have the same price, same quality, and provided the necessities for free.  Oh, I even forgot that a bowl of white rice for my child was even a charge.  So, the nickel and dime of things I would have expected compounded with the surprisingly above average price, I can only say that Yen Sushi was "ok".  The other two people in my party (minus the children) also agree.
5	We've been to a lot of sushi places in Phoenix and this is now the only one we eat at. The atmosphere is lovely, the service is always excellent and the variety and quality of the sushi is as good as anything we've had. My favorite roll is the Palm Springs Roll, which is made awesome by the large chunks of tuna atop the roll. It's a meal in itself. Plus, if you bring a non-sushi eating friend, you can trick them into eating the very delicious Beef Teriyaki Roll, also a meal in itself.The happy hour menu includes their crispy tuna, which is a lovely little dish.
5	Great place, great food, great service, what more do you want.
2	I can not stand this place during their reverse happy hour, 8-close. They are completely incapable of handling the large amount of customers that come in for this time. I have tried three times now, to visit Yen during this time, and have walked out after waiting 10-20 minutes to be spoken to, or seated. Try Fresh Wasabi 2 miles down the street, much better service, better happy hour, and better selection of fish (including yellow tail).
5	Omg this place is to die for. The hubby an I eat here every week! The sushi chef is an absolute master! If you haven't tried Yen yet make it your next stop.
5	My brother from San Francisco was in town and missing the sushi from the bay area. I decided I'd let him choose where we'd go out even though I'd never ever heard of this place before. It was definitely in a not-so-glamorous area, tucked on the side of a dinky shopping center (sorry shopping center). When we walked in I was pleasantly surprised by the quaint atmosphere and set-up. It's definitely small but everyone working there and eating there seemed to be genuinely having a great time. We sat at the bar/long table in front of the sushi chefs which was a fun experience. We started off with sake, and it was pretty darn smooth. We ordered a variety of different dishes including sea urchin eggs, yellowtail shashimi and the king crab roll. They were even accomodating to make my brother dishes that weren't on the menu. The chefs are so nice and fun and the prices are pretty good!My brother was extremely impressed coming from a top sushi city. I look forward to coming back and trying more of their extensive menu, especially for happy hour.
4	came for dinner. was pretty good. Had mostly rolls.
2	Yet another disappointing sushi restaurant in the desert. My date and I went here for their late happy hour on a Friday night. I noticed it was hard for larger parties to get a table. There isn't much space between tables. I played it safe and ordered a plate of salmon nigiri. I noticed there wasn't a large selection of raw fish. We ordered the peach soju and the spicy tuna tempura off the happy hour menu. I thought I would be getting a peach soju that's of a thicker substance, but it ended up being soju mixed with some peach sweetener that killed the alcohol. Maybe it was my mistake of ordering soju at a sushi joint. The spicy tuna tempura was a spicy tempura roll deep fried in tempura batter and then sauces drizzled all over each piece that was cut. I couldn't taste any kind of kick from the roll. STAY AWAY from the happy hour rolls. What i think might be helpful is describing what's in each roll, rather than listing all the rolls on a sheet of paper for you to choose and its quantity. I'm so used to going to sushi restaurants that give you free miso soup, salad, and gyoza. These tend to be the cheapest items on the menu to prepare. Giving these out might keep customers coming back. I won't be back.
4	Lunch special is great. Sushi on expensive side
4	A bit small but a good place for a date. It was very clean ...might want to call before showing up on the count of how small it is. My mom dropped a cup and the whole restaurant went silent .If your looking for private and romantic  this isn't the place. A good place to have with friends the location is a bit under the radar but very close to ASU west. Decent price point (during happy hour) and you get a lot in my opinion compared to other places.
5	Best sushi in town, hands down... The baked lobster roll, and heart attack roll are both incredible...
4	I love this little secret place. The staff all greet you when you walk in and the environment is comfortable, low lighting and quiet. Its a great place to relax and have good conversation. Happy hour is great, if you can sneak out of work early or wait to eat until 8pm. I love the clam or baby lobster miso soup. Perfect for sharing....Thanks for a great little local place.
5	This place is the best! Awesome sushi, great value and very good service... A hidden gem. We eat here when in Phoenix and have a free night.Don't miss it if you're looking for a casual, laid back evening of sushi.
5	So glad we found this place. GOOD sushi right down the street from us? Yes please.It is very small though. I can manage. :)
4	my friends and I went here for the first time last night and we were VERY happy! Their happy hour menu is fantastic! we got the philly roll, crazy boy, spicy tuna tempura, and shrimp tempura. They were all really delicious and had sooo much flavor. This place blew RA out of the water.the location is eh, but the sushi is FAB! the staff was really nice. I asked for extra ginger and boy, they weren't stingy at all! Oh and their prices are great!Thank goodness we found this place because I'm a fan and will be back. NO MORE KOI for meeeeee :) YAYERRR!!!
5	This place has a top notch tuna tataki app! Great rolls out quick regardless of how busy they are. Excellent service all the way around and very reasonable on price. Green tea ice cream for after dinner treat, I think so!!!! I forgot to mention I was in and out during lunch time spending 20 dollars.
3	The happy hour special is a great deal (bunch of drinks, appetizers, and rolls for only $5 each). The place was packed on a Thursday night (a good sign, typically) but there was only one waitress (terrible planning) so the service was horribly slow.Las Vegas rolls and Salmon Tempura rolls to die for; but on the other hand, they put asparagus where it doesn't belong (in a Philly roll? Really?) and the Gyoza was an atrocity.
1	Very bad service.Long wait, rude waiter, have to wave down waiter to get service.Happy hour prices are good, rolls are cheap but not worth the service tradeoff.I'll never go back, and neither will any of my friends.I went there for the happy hour but left after I got pissed after being treated like a door mat.Found an even better place 2 miles west, Tokyo Lobby.Friendly greeting, good service, better happy hour, and $5 large sake bombers ALL day long.K Sushi on 43rd and Olive has the best roll i've had though, Nebraska roll, its awesome.Don't know their happy hour prices but they have $24.95 all you can eat.....I got 6 orders of rolls....They have 50 state rolls, one named after every state, plus all the traditional rolls.My money works the same in every restaurant, but Yen will never get another dime.
3	OMG THIS IS MY 500th REVIEW!  HOLY COW I CAN"T BELIEVE I MADE IT THIS FAR! Plus, it was my birthday on Tuesday the 12th, which makes it an even BETTER week!But, here's how our Friday afternoon happy celebration went:So a bunch of us girls decided to do happy hour after work today, and one of my coworkers suggested this place. I don't eat sushi often, and usually need help ordering since I have no clue what I'm doing!Upon entering, I really liked how the place was set up. Cute tables, with a great Asian flare.  Not flashy, but not understated either. My friends helped me order off the happy hour menu, and the food was delicious! I went with a deep fried california roll, along with another dish that I split with my friend. I can't remember the name of it, but I do know it had pink fish on top with white rice underneath.The service was a bit slow at first, but eventually got better as the night went on. We were getting antsy to order, and kept waiting, and waiting, and waiting some more. Eventually the service picked up, but it took a little bit. We had a big table and there were lots of mouths to feed, so it was evened out in the end.Overall, I was happy with eating here.  Plenty of food, great menu, and amazing happy hour prices.  Place was packed, so get there early so you can get a seat and get your grub on from 3-5.
5	We went to this restaurant on a recommendation from my nephew.  The sushi was excellent!  We've been to quite a few sushi restaurants in Scottsdale, NY and elsewhere and this was was up there with the quality.  Very relaxed but nice atmosphere as well.  We will be returning!
5	This is my spot for a business meeting in North Phoenix! I have also taken my family here a few times for our normal Sunday lunch.The place is really decorated nicely... not "over the top" cheap Japanese stuff, conservative and very nicely done. Casual and comfortable. The service and staff are awesome. The variety of the rolls are awesome. Want something you don't see? The chef's will make it for you. They know almost all the various names and ingredients of most rolls.Prices are really good. One catch - they serve canned soda (as of 7.4.2012)... so refills are not free. No biggie for me, but someone reading this may care.NOTE: I use this place all the time for business meetings. Since I am normally there for 2+ hours, I make it worth the wait staffs time and tip appropriately. While we have never spoken about it, they know that I will cut the meeting short, pack up and leave if I see the place filling up (have done it a few times). I think this is common courtesy and wish more "mobile-office" people would do the same.
5	Like most gems in Phoenix, Yen sushi is cleverly hidden in a strip mall.  Don't be deceived by it's dark tinted windows.  The sushi is always fresh and the staff is generally responsive.It gets pretty busy on Thursday - Saturday around 6:30 - 8:30, so be sure to arrive a bit early or be prepared for a wait.  Also, their happy hour is decent with rolls priced at less than $6 each.
5	Best in town and i've eaten at a lot of different sushi bars.  This one takes the cake well beyond even some more expensive Scottsdale locations.Sushi is fresh and tasty.  The arrangements are very nice, not over the top so you still know what you're about to eat.  Happy hour menu contains lots of $5 choices, including large sake bombers!  If you're vegan or veg, this place has lots of options for you.  Get the Veggie Gyoza appetizer, you will not regret it.Staff is extremely friendly, seating is unique with a long cushioned bench along one side.  Perfect for groups of up to 8-10.To the regulars: please stop bringing your babies.  I know happy hour is worthy of daily visits, but your kids are crying because they don't want to be there.
5	Wonderful Benton box for lunch.
5	Great sushi at great prices.  Love everything here.
4	Pretty delicious -- very tasty sashimi platter. Loved the ambiance too -- a nice respite from the very toasty desert outside. :)
4	Yen Sushi is my favorite (korean style) sushi up in the N. phoenix area. Now mind you i have to give this stars based off of other places here in AZ.. If i was to grade them against sushi places i have been to in other places it would round out at 2 stars. But for this area yeah a four star.Happy hour here is the best time to come, but also the worst. Best because the deals and the food. Worst because its PACKED! you gotta get here early if you can. I definitely don't mind dropping by this place to hit my random sushi craving. Its good enough to satisfy my pallet.Fried rolls are good, but their fresh rolls are better.  I enjoy the staff as well. They are willing to talk and joke with you and don't act like they have a stick up their butt.
5	Yen is the go-to place for Sushi in Arizona. Having been to quite a few places and also living on the coast, I can say their fish is quality. The wait staff can vary, sometimes it's excellent, other times it's not. I enjoy their Albacore and Red Snapper sashimi and their off-the-menu King Crab hand roll (real crab, woot!). If you enjoy quality sashimi, this is an excellent place. If you're into all the fancy mayonnaise-based sushi rolls, you probably won't notice a difference.
5	This is the best local sushi spot I've ever been to... and I have been to ALL of them. There is nothing like this place... such a fresh, authentic, flavorful taste to every roll and all of my girlfriends agree. It's such a hidden gem, surprisingly. When we found this place, we didn't know what to expect. After one happy hour session and tons of rolls later, we were ECSTATIC. It's so close to home, too. I love love LOVE this place!
1	I have to say Yen Sushi has disappointed me every time I've been there.  The Happy Hour is cheap with five dollar California Rolls and Sake bombers.Your going to need the Sake Bombers..As far as the Sushi....  unfortunately, even five dollars is expensive for what you get. The portions are large enough. Trouble is, the quality of ingredients is what really suffers here. Frozen low quality fish, overcooked low quality rice, poor kitchen prep, and even worse quality control..  I had a burnt spider roll that was completely inedible.One very small very burned soft shelled crab.. Overcooked, just like the rice that is used to make most of the sushi.can you say " cookie dough " Those who really know the difference sushi grade rice can make.. will be just as disappointed as I am. I've eaten here 10 to 15 times at least. So, one would think I would've been satisfied on at least one visit. I wasn't..
4	Sushi is fresh and their Philadelphia Roll was bomb!
4	This place was close to home so I would be here every other week or so. Good rolls and the staff was great!! Not much of a  selection for happy hour but the regular menu offers a variety of flavors.
4	Very good sushi, prices are a bit high but I'm not complaining.  I'll be back :)
5	My favorite sushi place in the valley. The fish is always fresh and I've even been there when the chefs were about to filet a big eye tuna. Great stuff!Located in an ugly strip mall which can be a deterrence from trying. Don't let this stop you. The service is nice and casual and they remember you.
4	I go here for one thing and one thing only.  Lunch bento box with Korean BBQ ribs, California roll or spicy tuna roll, served with tempura, salad, rice and miso soup.  It really is a nice option for a bento box.  These BBQ ribs are simply amazing, so tasty that it will make you lick your fingers clean afterwards.  Their sushi isn't too bad either, especially during happy hour.  Small restaurant with nice Asian decor inside; has a sushi bar with flat screen TV; friendly service.  5 stars for the bento box with Korean BBQ ribs. 3-4 stars for other items.
4	We love that place and have been eating there for the best part of 2 years now! Very good sushi at all times! And it's hand down one of the best places for sushi lunch deals!Eating there outside the happy hour or the lunch hour is however a lot more expensive, so we generally stick to lunch!
5	I am giving this a review keeping in mind what this place is: a charming little sushi restaurant wedged into a strip mall in an older Phoenix neighborhood.I have tried to come here and been dissuaded by a wait for seating in the past. This place is smaller - in a cozy way - and there is a reason it is full.  Reverse happy hour specials, great service, generous portions, and high quality rolls make it a place worth visiting again!You will forget that you are in a strip mall once you are seated. Our server was attentive to the happy hour sake bombs and wine, and the guests (lots of younger people) were definitely happy to take advantage of this.Much of the happy hour rolls consisted of tempura rolls - not my favorite - but the price was good and everything was fresh. We ordered a Phoenix roll (written on a board as a "special") and that, along with the quail eggs, were the highlight of the meal.  Don't be afraid to venture off the happy hour menu and try some amazing work-of-art rolls!I can see coming here again - happy hour or not - and venturing outside my box. There was not a single thing we ordered that wasn't amazing.
4	This is my new favorite sushi spot for lunch. I sit at the sushi bar, and Paul, the chef is friendly and obviously has a great memory (Or....I eat there way too often!).  I don't even need to order anymore. I walk in, they bring me the large starter salad (the delicious ginger dressing is my new fav). Then comes the Rock and Roll riceless roll with extra ginger. I've been there twice when the sushi chefs bring out huge fish, and filet it into sashimi pieces right in front of you. I was fascinated! I kept taking photos of him throughout the process, which he thought was hilarious. I definitely recommend this place - fresh and great happy hour drinks and food!
4	A weekly tradition.We come here almost every week for the $5 Sake bombers and stay for the sushi.We're the loud people next to you banging the table to get the shotglass to drop into the beer. The place is small but does have a patio, the food is always great but the service has been mixed. We've had everything from amazing service to almost none at all, but it can be forgiven because of the food and cheap bombers after 8pmI'd recommend this place to anyone.
4	I'm striking out lately loving restaurants as much as I hear others do, but I do like Yen! The likes: happy hour prices and times, location, atmosphere, friendly service, tasty & fresh sushi!Why it's not a love affair: happy hr roll choices are mostly deep fried, and I have yet to get a table, only been squished at the sushi bar. At 9pm nonetheless.All in all, I'm glad to have Yen in my sushi rotation, but I won't be crowding the sushi bar regularly.
3	Been here a couple times and their happy hour is one of the better deals in the valley.  They have it often and it includes some good choices...a nice variety I should say.  My temperature test for any sushi joint is their spicy tuna and their's is pretty tasty.  I have found their seaweed to be a little chewy though so I try to get their rice paper rolls instead.  Whatever you do though...don't get their caramel pyramid dessert thingamajig!  It does NOT, I repeat, does NOT have a liquid caramel center!  I don't even want to try to describe it because I will start retching.  But it definitely tastes of freezer burn.  That is all.
3	WOW! Even though it is more $$$$ than our normal Tokyo Lobby, it was nice, food was tasty and will return.
5	100th Review -- Very well deserved 5 starts goes to...  YEN SUSHI!The happy hour here was amazing. We came here while waiting for a friend at the hospital and decided to grab sushi. We're used to great sushi in phoenix, tempe, scottsdale, etc. Never thought such tasty sushi could exist in Glendale, of all areas!We sat outisde, which was nice, and were quickly served everything we could possibly ask for, promptly. They had nice chopsticks -- I remember these things. Anwyay, we always get eel rolls of some sort which were delicious. The edamame was tasty, the service was amazing, and the food was expertly made and fresh fresh fresh!Would love to come back when I for some crazy reason end up on this side of town.
5	Awesome
4	I will start by saying I love Yen. We have a standing Friday afternoon tradition of heading to Yen during their afternoon happy hour (3-5) and throwing down as much $5 rolls and Sake as we can in the time we have.They have a happy hour menu that contains maybe 10-15  $5 items including the kids favorite Crazy Boy Roll. The menu has something for everyone and the $3 large Sake is a nice touch too. I have had lots of mediocre Sushi in Phoenix and some way over priced decent sushi and yen is good sushi for a reasonable price.
5	I am a sushi expert ( at least i think i am), i have tried many many places! and this place is the BEST by far! the happy hour is great! Everyday after 8pm $5 on select rolls!  The Hot night roll, calamari roll, BBQ spare rib roll (to die for) are just to name a few.... LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
5	Tonight, I cheated on this place by trying another sushi spot. Huge mistake, There is not a better sushi spot in Phoenix then Yen sushi. Tucked away in a shopping center, looks are deceiving. The food is always fresh and delicious and has yet to disappoint. I am a fan of the nigiri style of sushi, and do not do California rolls. This place is heaven for people who like REAL sushi. I have been a loyal customer to this place since I discovered them a year and a half ago. People who say they can't find good sushi in Arizona have not tried Yen!
5	Delicious!!
5	Best place to get sushi in phoenix! They will have a half hour wait on the weekend but trust me- it is worth it! They usually have some exotic special of the day and it is always pretty yummy!
4	My husband and I ate here for the first time this weekend. We loved it! Best sushi I've had in a while. The prices are comparable to other sushi restaurants but I think the quality and flavors are better. I can't wait to go back!
5	The best sushi restaurant in Arizona! Happy hour at 8 pm every day! $5 sushi rolls!!!! Count me in!
4	This was my second visit here; I bought my son for his first sushi experience. Although it's located in a shopping center, the decor is nice, Japanese themed of course.For both my visits here I ordered off of the sushi menu; various rolls and negiri, and on each occasion the fish was very good. The service has always been prompt and friendly as well. They regularly post sake-bomber specials, and although I haven't partaken in such (at this establishment at least) it appears they gladly cater to the boozy crowd. So if you're looking for some Kanpai camaraderie this is likely your place post dinner hours. If you're looking to bring some young ones (no, not Mike, Rick, Vyvyan or Neil - I mean your children) the lunch hour would likely be best.
5	Worth the drive every time!
5	Excellent place.  You will not be disappointed.
2	2nd experience was just awful. Now I went there before with a couple of friends. The experience was awesome and the waiter was always there. He was just great. That was in April 2013. Later on August 2013 I went there with a friend, the service was REALLY bad. This middle age waitress & younger waiter were either afraid of us or didn't want to bother with Black ppl. When I tell you our service felt like a distance. It REALLY did. The waitress was lost in translation half of the time,( ex. " do you have unsweetened tea?" No, we have sweet tea" my friend wanted sweet tea. " oh I want some sweet tea." "No we only have unsweetened tea." ( didn't I just ask if she had unsweetened tea?)  we had to keep flagging them down for assistance...and she couldn't even split the bill right. The guy waiter was a nervous wreck and wouldn't look at us either... We left feeling unsatisfied & still hungry. So we got a nice meal at Chills for 25$
5	ALL TIME BEST "Hole in the Wall" Restaurant you'll ever find!!  I've been going here for a few years now and have never been disappointed.  We recently moved to the other side of town so don't get to dine here that often anymore, and I couldn't be more sad about it.  The prices are always good, but during happy hour they are phenomenal!  They do a reverse happy hour also from 8pm-close which is convenient for those of us who work during typical happy hour times.  The sushi chefs are authentic and you can watch them make all the food too.The only cons about this place are: 1) It can get very busy during happy hour times and on weekends and the wait time can be pretty long.  2)  The location is pretty small/cramped and does not have much room for many people with limited tables, which causes the long wait times.  NOT a good place for groups over 4 people as there is just not enough room for it.  I'd love to see them grow and get a larger space to accommodate more patrons.I have recommended many people here and have heard nothing but positive things from each of them.  FYI - the Philadelphia Roll here is perfection!
5	I think I've found one of the best sushi spots in the West Valley. The fish was fresh, the service impeccable, lots of choices. I absolutely LOVED this place and so did my guest. Yen Sushi will be my go to sushi spot when I venture out west...Wish they'd open a spot in the East...
5	We were extremely impressed with both the price and the quality offered here. The salmon and spicy tuna rolls were superb. Eel roll was good, the salmon skin rolls were amazing. The Rock & Roll was good, but pretty overpriced as you only get 5 pieces for $10.50  Excellent service, nice decor, and a lovely place to go for lunch or dinner.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant by far. My girlfriend and I have been visiting this place for just over a year now.  They recognize us as regulars and know what we want to order every time.  The caterpillar roll is fantastic. Our other favorite is the sunset roll.
5	The food here is amazing, and the customer service is awesome! You may not be used to the way things work though,  because most of the time you have to wave to them and let them know you are ready.  I like that because it gives me time to decide without someone checking on me every two minutes. I LOVE IT HERE!!!!!
5	I was looking through my recent check in's and realized that I never reviewed Zen Sushi?!? I've been here probably 10 times! Well I'm finally getting around to a review. I love Zen. It's one of the best sushi restaurants in town. Their happy hour is excellent with $5 sushi rolls. Granted all of the rolls are deep fried but they are huge and taste great. A bonus is the $5 sake bombers too!  Reverse Happy hour starts at 8 and runs until close. I also love the Rainbow roll and the yellowtail sashmi. Very fresh and tender. I usually order a combination of menu items as well as a few happy hour rolls. I totally recommend the calamari roll which includes several giant strips if fried calamari. Service is also excellent at Yen. The other day we came in 10 mins before closing (we thought it closed at 10) and the staff still sat us and took our order without rushing us. Very nice and I honestly expected them to turn us away at the door. If your in the NW area and are craving sushi come here. You will not be disappointed!
5	Love this place, we have been twice in the last week and will be headed there today.  Sushi taste fresh and ohhh so yummy.  Love the sunset roll.
5	This place is so amazing. They have spectacular lunch specials, but the food is to die for any time of the day. The people are friendly and the service is on pointe.
4	3.5-4 stars depending on the night you go!Love this place because of the happy hour, they have an evening one and a late-night one. I started coming here 2 years ago when I first moved to AZ and being a California native, this was the ONLY place in Glendale that came close to California quality sushi. Yen was my go to sushi spot until Sushi Catcher opened up right by my apartment and replaced it as my favorite sushi place in the area... Its ok! I'll be back! I like the different fusion sushi rolls here (Hawaiian roll, sunset roll, spicy tuna tempura roll, lobster roll, yellow tail scallion) but the sashimi is hit or miss, you really can taste a difference depending on which day of the week you go. The have good drink specials with sake, and their green tea tempura icecream is delish. Its a fairly small restaurant and service is quick and efficient. A little on the pricier side but its worth the price.
5	For 20 years I have said I hated sushi, but my hairdresser just turned me onto this place and OMG!  I love sushi now!Between 3-5 pm is Happy Hour, and the Hostess had the good sense to give me that menu when I showed up a couple minutes past 5 by myself.  So, figuring the portions would be small, I ordered the Crispy Calamari and the Teriyaki Tuna Roll or close to that name.  Two words:  deeeeee-lisious!  And were the portions small?  Not by a long shot.  I ate what I ordered and waddled home...OMG!  It was filling.I totally take back everything I have said about Japanese food for years.  It can be delicious if made right, and this place definitely makes it right.This place is a real winner!  Will I go back?  You can bet on that one.
4	My favorite sushi place in AZ at this point.  I went to lunch with 5 of my friends and we managed to cover about 75% of the menu with our orders.  I got the chicken bento box which came with the spicy tuna roll, which, not to cheat on my sushi place back home, was probably one of my favorites.  The chicken itself was not the kind I would expect in a bento box as it kinda tasted like it had a Southwest grill rub on it.  Yummy, but not what I expected.  The miso was good, better than any I've head in the area.  I didn't like the 'dressing' that came on the salad, and I'm not sure why.My friends allowed me to try their rolls, but now that I'm writing it, I couldn't tell you exactly what they were except to say I enjoyed them.  A few people got the sashimi which I didn't try so I can't comment on the quality of that.To finish off our lunch, we got the green tea fried ice cream, which was HUGE.  Three of us working together didn't really put a dent into this thing.Bottom line: I think I'll be back.
4	Always have a fantastic dine in experience. Happy hour sushi here is the best.Service is pleasant and the sushi comes out neat, packed closely. We venture here about once a month.I just had a bad experience with a take out recently. We were shorted a few orders. No side rice and edamame sucks.
5	We frequent this restaurant often, the sushi is fresh and they have a great happy hour menu. Just know it is very popular at happy hour but it's worth the wait. Great atmosphere low lights and very relaxing.
3	Good place to get drunk during the happy hour.  Happy hour rolls are deep fried.  Run down bathroom.  Just not what I was expecting from such a highly rated place.
2	Slow service with an impatient waitress, however the food was good.  Why is it that the waitress couldn't just say, "How are you tonight?"  It seemed like we were rushed and then ignored tonight.  :(     I like sitting there, and I like the food but DANG, how about some attention and general appreciation for being there?  Not once were we asked if we were OK, if we liked it, or if we wanted another item or cocktail...
2	I don't know what the other reviewers are all happy about. Went with my girlfriend to this place based on the reviews. The sushi is mediocre at best. The chief special, don'tcry roll, was a joke. It was horribly put together and my girlfriend who can eat sushi everyday, wouldn't finish it. The service was rushed and barely there. We asked for saratcha and never received it. The only reason I am giving two stars is because their watermelon cocktail was very good. Everything else was mediocre, and for spending a hundred dollars on sushi, I expect better. We will stick with Kabuki.
5	Once again, thank you Yelp.  My husband and I were looking for a sushi place closer to home and I found Yen on yelp.  We went there last night and were greeted by a sweetheart at the front door and ushered to a table for the bar.  The place was very clean, well staffed and had our kind of people in it.  There was a mix of older couples, bikers, teenagers and dates.  Perfect! We ordered 5 of their specialty rolls, sake bombers because it was happy hour and a raspberry sake the waitress recommended.  First off- the baked lobster roll is to die for.  It is a little pricey but has a generous portion of FRESH lobster. I have never enjoyed sake bombers before but for $5 during happy hour...why not?  The waitress recommended a certain Japanese beer to pair with the sake and it hit the mark.  I did try one of their martini happy hour drinks.  Do steer clear of these.  Not much alcohol and tasted like Kool-Aid.  After our dinner we wanted one of their higher end sake's and were encouraged to try the raspberry.  It was super delicious.  My husband does not like sweet girly drinks and he wants us to find the bottle to keep in our house. All in allGreat service + great rolls + romantic ambiance + fantastic drink specials + wonderful cocktails = 5 stars.  We will be regulars here now.
3	Biggest Dragon roll I've ever seen. I LOVE their soft crab shell roll though. We came for happy hour but literally every roll but one was deep fried.  Service was friendly but she never really asked if we needed anything else after dropping off our food. (For instance I like sriracha) never got the chance to ask for some because she was already headed the other direction. I'm a server and I'm huge on pre bussing.  Our dirty plates were left on our table the entire time. It's not a bad place but we probably won't be returning back.
5	Fresh sushi at great prices.  Korean owned...and the only reason I mention this is not to take away from the quality, but to point out that it tends to be at Korean places that you get the biggest bang for your buck. (Think about it...AYCE Korean BBQ, free ban-chan that comes out with every meal at Korean restaurants, etc). At Yen, you get Japanese quality sushi at affordable prices, with no compromise in taste or experience. That's the perfect combo for a sushi joint in my book. Got the Small Sashimi Platter...25 pieces for $27!  They were good size sashimi slices too, and it included 5 pieces of each of the following: tuna, albacore, salmon, yellowtail, and octopus. Especially with sashimi, you can tell if the quality is good right away with fish like salmon and yellowtail bc they can be easily fishy; however, even with no sauces or rice to hide behind, all the sashimi was super fresh here.Also ordered the Baked Lobster Roll (bc clearly my eyes were bigger than my stomach). It was tasty, with lots of lobster pieces on top...slightly too sweet for me bc of the sauce that was used, but still yummy. Would definitely come back if I ever find myself in AZ again.
3	The fresh rolls were not bad but way overpriced. Ordered a Ono toro roll, a yellowtail belly nigiri, and a boston roll cost me $38 before tips. I could eat way better in California for that price
1	Disappointing. Went here today; service was  all over the place. We got our sushi first, miso soup second and appetizers last. Be cautious; spicy tuna is my staple but they use bone scrape tuna and that is low grade, gross tuna flake meat scrubbed of the bones. The king crab came out half filled with rice and it was $6.50. Don't cut corners and jip customers. We won't be back, there are better quality places around the valley.
5	We love this place!  My husband turned me on to Sushi and I am still exploring lots of options but this place is by far the best we've found in the Valley.  It can get very crowded and quiet noisy.  We avoid Friday and Saturday nights after 8:00pm when their happy hour kicks in again. The noise level makes it difficult to have a conversation.   We did have one experience that could have been handled better but you can NOT beat the sushi.  I would certainly suggest you try it.
4	Went here on Friday night and snuck in before it got busy.  It's a fun environment with a nice bar and TV.  The service was good, but it seemed they were stretched a little thin.  The late happy hour runs from 8pm to close.  There were four of us - we had 6 rolls, 2 appetizers, a round of drinks and the bill came out to $65.  Probably one of the best sushi happy hours I've seen.  The Gyoza was amazing for appetizer Salmon Tempora roll was very good We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing happy hour and lunch menu! Good for date nights, groups, or families. Sushi is always fresh and tastes great! Drink deals are a plus with delicious green tea ice cream to end the visit. I highly recommend Yen Sushi!
4	Ok.  So you had a rough week.  It's Friday night.  You are in the mood for some great sushi, but not looking forward to hurting the pocket.  And BOOM!  You hear Yen Sushi & Sake Bar has an AMAZING happy hour deal after 8 pm.  I mean cheap appetizers, about half off on sushi, and great prices on drinks.  All I am going to say is for a party of 4, we had:2 appetizers6 rolls of sushi2 specialty drinks for the ladies2 sake and beers for the dudesTotal amount came to $62!Ok, with your mouth dropping, and thinking, "the food probably wasn't that good, right?"  Well, you have to be wrong, my fellow yelper.  The appetizer tempura was not overly breaded, and you can really taste the vegetables with the light crunch from the tempura.  The gyoza had some rough texture on some, but when bitten it was tender and flavorful.Now to the sushi.  For the price, it was above average.  Well organized and presented.  Tasted fresh, therefore, it was some quality sushi.As a result, great deal for happy hour, which I will definitely come back to.  It is a small environment in not the best looking shopping center.  However, the service was good even though it was definitely busy.  I would strongly recommend coming 10-15 minutes before happy hour to beat the line.  Excellent DEAL, and looking forward to another evening at Yen Sushi & Sake Bar!
4	So far the best sushi I've had on the west valley.  Just moved from Tempe and was way better than most places on that side of town as well.Can't beat the happy hour, the only complaint would be how small the place is and it get's busy so the wait can be brutal when you're so close to such great sushi.
5	Tried this place right after we moved into the area and it's amazing! Everything we have tried is delicious. Staff is friendly and very prompt. It can be busy because of the happy hour but you'r never left feeling forgotten. Great atmosphere and just over all great restaurant. My husband and I will definitely continue going to rid restaurant!!
5	I love yen sushi. I have gotten so many people into it and everybody agrees it is one of the best. U recommend get their early if u are trying their happy hour because they get busy. My favorite rolls are the spicy tuna, playboy roll and the shrimp tempura.
5	This is an awesome place to go for great fresh sushi and Japanese cuisine. Small place but great atmosphere and friendly service.
4	Love there HH but so does everyone else so, it gets pretty packed. I have been on the look out for a good crunchy roll & the crazy boy roll is top of the top right now $5 at HH
4	Happy hour is great for drinks, but could stand to be expanded a bit on the food side.  With that said, the food itself is delicious and very reasonably priced even outside of happy hour. I'd recommend the spicy tuna salad - delicious and a great value for how much you get.
5	Delightfully surprised. The outside looks like a totally different restaurant. The inside is so nice, clean and decorated great. We went for Father's Day so we were a party of 6. We started with vegetable tempura. It was really good. Wish it came with more :) I have the Bento Box with teriyaki chicken. It came with miso soup, salad, rice, 4 pieces of sushi, and two more pieces of tempura. It was all very tasty. Chicken was great! Rice was cooked perfect. Sushi was good. Loved the dressing on the salad. And of course the tempura was my favorite. There were a few other people that got the Bento Box. One got yaki udon. She liked that. And two rice bowls. Service was excellent!! They were so nice and we never ran out of drinks. Everything was great. We will definitely be back!
4	Good food.. Lunch special till 3 happy hour 3-6.. Gyoza were excellent, teriyaki beef good,  sushi was to spicy for my sons liking but became a prefect take hm for family.. No free refills on soda..they don't tell you that. Clean modern  will try again. The waitress was not friendly but wasn't rude either.  I'll update if we end up going back.
5	I absolutely love this little gem!I grew up about 2 miles from this sushi joint and lived there my whole young adult life. I had never even thought of trying it until my friend recommended it! It's not that I'm a sushi snob or anything.. I guess you could just say that I judge a book by it's cover. Knowing that area, it's not the best neighborhood and I didn't think that place could be any good. I know I know, totally misjudged! That's why you don't judge a book by it's cover.. Lesson learned!Anyways! Best sushi in town. And I've been to many! I always get their crazy boy roll- DELICIOUS! And vegetable tempura. To die for! Super friendly workers as well. So what are ya waiting for? Don't be so judge mental like me and try it for yourself! Oh and killer happy hour as well
2	I was not impressed with anything I have had here and probably will not return. The sushi rolls were small and left a sort of weird aftertaste in my mouth. Everything was just okay.
5	Fantastic Sushi!!!!!!!!! IT is rare that I will venture away from sushi but they have the best rolls in town.
2	Been there just twice, first time servie was good, second just about ignored.  Asked for water the first time and had to ask again without any apology for forgetting.  Guess you have to expect from a Korean own and run restaurant.  Not too many real Japanese operated restarant in the area so I always expect so-so service and food from a pretend real Japanese cuisine. Must be the Korean culture to act this way, they are there just to make money and nothing else. Will never step foot there again.
3	I used to come here all the time. The servers used to all know me. It's been awhile since I have been here (the extra space added is nice!) but service has gone down hill! I went for happy hour/lunch so it wasn't very busy. I had to ask two different waitresses twice each for my drink. My waitress seemed more annoyed than anything that I was there and wanting service, and it's not even like I asked for much. The food was ok, but that's the usual they've never been the best. It just used to be a nice place to go especially for their reverse happy hour. With service like that I don't know. We'll give it another try I guess since they used to be decent, hopefully just an off day for her.
5	Yen is the best, don't bother eating sushi elsewhere. I've tried, and nothing compares to yen. The staff here are friendly and the food is wonderful, what more could you want! My husband is a professional deep sea fisherman and before that a crabber. So I would say he knows a thing or two about good fresh fish. I took him here dragging his feet because he doesn't like eating sea food anywhere that's not coastal. He was impressed. Actually the words that came out of his mouth were "this is some of the best crab I've ever had". To eat some of the best crab one has ever had when you've had ALOT says something. This place is definitely worth a try if you haven't already. Make sure you get here in off hours before lunch or dinner because it is a very small restaurant.
5	Yen is our go to place for sushi, even though we have a dozen sushi places closer to our house. The people are always so friendly and the have an amazing reverse happy hour from 8-close. We used to have to wait for a table, but they just expanded to accommodate more people. Sushi is amazing!
5	A friend took me here for dinner and I gotta say this is probably the best sushi I've had in a long while. We ordered the fried gyoza for an appetizer, very delicious,   and then we ordered a rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll, and a fried calamari tempura roll. What was really neat about the two tempura rolls was that it came out on the same plate and it also came with zucchini, sweet potato, and shrimp fried in tempura that was covered in a delicious sweet sauce. I've never received extra at other sushi restaurants like that and it definitely made for a great meal. I will definitely make more trips back to this location in the future!
4	It was a nice place, great food, and fun times with friends.  I got the teriyaki chicken and gyoza.  The gyoza was very good.  The teriyaki sauce was too sweet for me.  The servers are good but had to wave them down a few times for refills.
5	The other day my family and I dropped into Ah So and were treated poorly so we decided to eat at Yen's. The server Yuri and other staff were so friendly and welcoming. The food was amazing as usual and the atmosphere quiet and lovely even with a large group. The lunch special bento boxes were reasonably priced and the servings were filling. I highly recommend this place for lunch and happy hour, I don't think you will be sorry. Ask for Yuri she is just so sweet and helpful.
5	This is my go to place for Sushi, they have recently expanded - so they have a bit more room. Paul has done a great job on the expansion but the sushi is wonderful and fresh. They have some early bird specials, just a class place with a class owner and staff. Food is fantastic and always a good deal.I have probably been here some 50+ times and it has always been great each and every time.
5	I have been driving by for a few months now after moving here thinking this was a tiny little take out sushi place.  After reading the awesome reviews on yelp and not having had sushi in a very long time I figured it was worth a shot.As soon as we walked through the door my husband said "wow".  A full service restaurant with a great atmosphere and decor surrounded us.The service was very attentive and thorough. The food was perfect in every way possible.  Beautiful presentation.  Exceptional flavors and textures.  We ordered the calamari crunch and fresh tuna with ponzura sauce as appetizers and then the fire cracker roll.  I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	I am from CA and have good sushi available at my fingertips. I visit AZ once a month and like to try different/new sushi spots in the Phoenix area. I will say that THIS IS THE BEST sushi I have had in AZ and thee only place that I will return. I have to agree with others that the happy hour prices for drinks were amazing. The rolls were fresh and well made: Rainbow Roll, Crazy Boy Roll, Phoenix Roll, Rattlesnake, Salmon Tempura Roll. I was so happy and pleased on the fresh cool taste of the phoenix roll. The Rattlesnake was GREAT. I love a eel and ell sauce. It was like home eating a Dragon or Caterpillar Roll. I will be back with a bigger stomach wanting to try these rolls again or new ones.
5	Yen sets the bar for any other sushi restaurant in the valley! Always the freshest fish, superior service, affordable prices, and casual atmosphere. I absolutely love this place!
5	Yum. This place has amazing food. Eat here today. Leave now, you won't be disappointed. I came at the recommendation of several of my friends. I was not disappointed. But, I am mad at myself for not coming here sooner.
5	Prior to last night, I tried Uni (Sea Urchin) once before at a different Sushi place in California and it was terrible. Last night, I decided to give it one more chance @ our favorite sushi spot because I keep hearing how delicious good fresh and ice cold Uni can be. All I can say is holy moly! Yen Sushi & Sake Bar really knows what they are doing. The Uni was by far one of the best bites of sushi I have ever had. Great work Paul!!!! Any time we want sushi, we go to Yen!!!
4	Excellent food!  Delightful staff!  We love this place.  You always feel welcomed any time or day of the week. The atmosphere is intimate, and the staff are always smiling and quick with service.I give the 4 out of 5 stars only due to the fumes of the nail salon next door. I don't know if Yens can do anything to prevent it,  but sometimes it's overbearing. Great job Yens staff!
5	Awesome sushi place. Their specials are always fantastic creations. I'd be lying if I didn't say part of the attraction is the close proximity to my work.
5	Great place for happy hour. They have really good  specials and the fish is always fresh.
2	Maybe it's because we only ordered from the Happy Hour menu, but all of the sushi rolls had some tempura (read, FRIED) component to them, and the salmon and shrimp crunch rolls had some white, weird, sperm looking sauce all over them.  Also, I've eaten A LOT of tempura...I mean A LOT; I have never had a tempura carrot, and if they are going to fry a carrot could they cut it down to be less than 3 inches thick? It was inedible.  The service was ok, but honestly I don't understand all of the high reviews for this place.  It was overpriced and just not very good.  The reason I'm giving them two stars instead of 1 is the happy hour menu had pretty good beer prices.
5	Love this place. Never have I ever went in their once and not been satisfied. Great service. Amazing food. Amazing prices. Especially their happy hour
3	This sushi place has a warm feel with lots of wood and Asian Fonts. The tables are spread out oddly with small tables in the hallway between the two rooms and large family tables in the corners. The menu here offers lots of variety of traditional and untraditional sushi.My favorite plate we shared was the Yellowtail Collar Appetizer. This was mouth watering delicious. The fish was enhanced with the perfect seasonings that didn't over power the melt in your mouth delicious fish. The sauce and pickled vegetable sides also were complimented it well. It was only a few bites but very succulent and delicious.We shared some basic salmon and yellowtail sushi to try. They were seasoned under the fish as they should be. Both fish were Ok but the rice was too loose.A sort of test for me is trying the tuna at a new sushi place because I can only tolerate pristine fresh tuna. We shared a roll made with spicy tuna and seared tuna that had pickled onions on it. The fish wasn't sweet enough for me to be a fan and the rice was too loose.Maybe I didn't order the sushi this place does best or the sushi that would have suited me best?Service was friendly and efficient.Worth a try when your in the area. 3 Stars is A-OK
4	This was our second time at this place . The sushi is very good but, the servers are not aware of customer needs. We asked for Sapporo beer and the server needed us to repeat our request 3 times in order to understand. The servers seemed disorganized. One African American server seemed lazy and not very interested in the customers. She needed encouragement and direction. Almost like she didn't want to be their. Servers are the backbone of a good restaurant. I assumed the owner was one of the sushi chefs. I also heard a conversation on the phone from an unsatisfied customer. My girlfriend is korean and interpreted the conversation. Not good customer relations. If I was the owner, I would care more about customer relations and good staff than overall profit. Owner needs to wake up.
5	best Sushi in Phoenix. The staff have great suggestions and the sushi is fresh and delicious.
5	One of the best customer service restaurants I've been too! They have amazing happy hour prices! I always recommend this place to friends,family & customers!
5	Excellent fresh food and great service/atmosphere. Their portions were big and I totally over-ordered but everything was so good. I would love to come back again and try everything they have!
5	I am crazy impressed by the quality and freshness here. We enjoyed everything we ordered and had a large variety of sushi. The chopped wasabi is amazing with any sashimi particularly the yellowtail. Friendly service. The sushi chefs were excellent. Probably the best sushi restaurant I've been to Arizona and I've been to many.
4	Good sushi but they serve soda by the can... A fountain drink system is cheaper and people usually drink more than one coke with their meal..
5	They are a favorite spot for me and my guy. They have a regular happy hour and a reverse happy hour that starts at 8pm. They also have great lunch specials. When you go I highly recommend the calamari tempura roll it is so good! It is even on their happy hour menu.
4	The staff here themselves make Yen such a great place to eat!For saucy, mixture of fix in's in your sushi type of rolls, this is the place. Got two rolls here to share- Caterpillar and Unagi (I believe) and Shrimp Tempura.The caterpillar rolls was good, fresh avocado and almost melt in your mouth. It was that good. The unagi was good, flavorful, fresh and moist, though it had too much sauce at some points.The service was great. Loved seeing the sushi chefs at work, the server helping us- who spoke Korean was such a delight and probably the happiest waiter I've ever came across! I was a waitress before and I don't think I had that much energy- ever. I need to come back to check out their sashimi and nigiri because the pics look amazing!
4	I personally do not like sushi; however, this is my friends personal take on her meal."The sake sashimi was nice and fresh at a great price. The hamachi nigiri had a lovely sesame oil black pepper garnish that really brought out the favor of fish.  The spicy tuna roll was okay. I personally enjoy spicy tuna rolls that are chopped not a big smushy mess. However, highlight of my evening was the chef offered to make me a special roll: sake, masago, avocado maki with spicy mayo and topped with thinly sliced pieces of avocado. Quite delicious and clean taste.  Not the best sushi I've ever had but definitely fair with reasonable prices."I ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl and it was very good. The chicken was grilled and remained juicy and tender. The vegetables for the stirfry were quite crunchy...but I may just like my veggies cooked more. The service was very friendly; however, they did forget one of my appetizers. This did not show up on our bill and they were very apologetic. I was very full at the point that I realize they were not coming and did not make a big deal out of this.
5	Came to try this place bc of the reviews. Lived up to its ratings and more!  Unique rolls. Fresh & excellent flavors. You've gotta try the grilled yellowtail collar-perfectly done. Attentive, friendly, and prompt service. Definitely would come back!
5	We had never heard of Yen Sushi before some family members took us here for happy hour one evening.Wow, what a hidden gem we were missing out on!  We probably ordered enough food for 10 people... and the 4 of us ate it all. It was all amazing. The presentation of the food really stood out to me. The Calamari Roll (my absolute favorite) even comes with a few fried calamari on the side! What a deal! Inside it feels cozy and welcoming, and the staff was all extremely friendly.I have a feeling Yen Sushi is going to become a regular place for us!
4	I used to live right around the corner of this place.  I would say lunch specials are really good. Everyone is very friendly here. Dinner rolls are somewhat expensive. But definitely recommend people to come here.
2	Mediocre at best. Rolls aren't that great. Rice is dry. Rainbow roll doesn't taste the best. The rolls here aren't that good.The cooked foods, however, are pretty decent.
5	My boyfriend took me here on our first date, 2 years later it has been a "must have" if we are craving sushi. I cannot put into words how amazing the staff is and the chefs who prepare the sushi are absolutely incredible. I wish I could rate this place with more stars!
5	Best place in the Valley! Sunday happy hour is the best. Rolls are delicious and fun. great atmosphere. wonderful service!
5	I absolutely love this sushi bar. Best you can find in the area for the price. Very small location but never too busy or crowded. Their happy hour is amazing, great prices and even better selection! Haven't found something me or my friends haven't liked yet. Service is ALWAYS quick and friendly. Will be back!
4	Staff was super friendly and customer service was great. They have a really good Happy Hour; $5 sushi rolls. We ordered 3 rolls which filled us up. It's a cute little place and although it's kind of hidden, it seems to be getting a lot of attention!
