4	I've attended two weddings here (ok really only one).  The only reason I give it a 4 star rating is that my mother-in-law got married here based on the recommendation from my cousin, who's a Vegas native and a graduate of this institution just off the Vegas Strip. Pros:+ Drive thru weddings+ Cultural mecca+ Multiple pre-wedding activities availableCons:- neighborhood- poor parking- spooky at nightfunny timing...i just missed being first! (dang!)
5	She showed up at my door a week ago.  Emma.  Immediately the memories came rushing back.  Hong Kong.  A late night in a martini bar called The Feather Boa making out on a couch for two hours in front of everyone.   One couple even took pictures of us.  We didn't care.  We had found each other.   She was Australian, from Brisbane, a ballerina.   Young, first time away from home, she spent her days teaching bored Cantonese children to pirouette.   We were inseperable.  All day and all night.  Then I had to go back to America.  She begged me to stay, but I couldn't.   I promised I would never forget her, and I didn't, but I did leave. Heartbroken.She managed to get a place with a ballet company in New York, but she had a stopover in San Francisco on her way there.   That was all that was needed for two hearts to find each other again.The last week has been spent making up for lost time, most of it in the bedroom.  Ballet dancing has left her still as flexible as I remember her.   Friday night we both knew, and we had to make it official before fate tears us apart again.   The late night Southwest flight from Oakland to Vegas is famous for lovers like us.  The Little White Wedding Chapel was our first stop from the airport.   It's done.I'm married Mom.  I finally got married.(Please note the date of this review.  Fools in April and all that.)
4	Generally I wait until I've used a place's facilities at least twice before reviewing it, but I think I'll break that rule for a wedding chapel...Elvis, a pink Cadillac, and the strip.  Yes, we were married here.  Just the two of us.  I can't imagine a large group here, but it was perfect for us.  As soon as they realized we were sober and serious, they were great.  It was fun.  Elvis rocked.  And I married my wonderful wife.Our only not-so-great part was that the video quality isn't so good.  They had increased funding shortly after our marriage (a certain celebrity started her first short-lived wedding here), so they probably have better equipment now.
4	Are you seven months preggers and in your twenties? Do you love Elvis impersonators? Is bad stichk at your wedding something you desire big time?This is the place. Don't ask.
1	HOMOPHOBES.There is a story to this, but the long and short of it is that they are homophobes. Not only are they homophobes, but they seem to be proud of it.  Boooooooooooooooo to HOMOPHOBIA and IGNORANCE. BOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
5	Immigration issues forced a speedy wedding. With short notice and our families being out of state and out of the country, a small do at Vegas seemed the best option. And if it's going to be a tacky Vegas wedding that at least get it done at one of the more famous ones. Took the $400ish package which included the chapel, photos, garter, flowers for both, a DVD of the ceremony, a marriage licence holder and possibly other things I can't quite remember.At the time slot we had, we were by far the most overdressed couple there which added to the comedy value (in that she had a full wedding dress and me a tux - one guy getting married had a Hawaiian shirt and cut off jeans, his bride was getting drunk outside on Bud Light in a garish mini-skirt). Pastor was cool ($40 tip given since they are not paid by the chapel). Photographs OK (it was rushed, we weren't expecting Anton Corbijn) but nothing that Photoshop can't cure.As to cons, the video of the ceremony was awful - it looked like a webcam from the 1990s with quality to match. However, that was probably the only minus point. Note that they get pissed off if you take your own pictures in the chapel. The pastor let us since we were kept waiting a little and the photographer was a bit delayed but they have spy cameras watching what goes on in the building and a swift call from the owner put a stop to our snapping.Overall - 5 stars. Great for the price, great for the experience. Any negatives were pretty much irrelevant since we got married in the Little White Chapel in Vegas.
4	Vegas, baby!  It doesn't get any more Vegas than this!  At least if you're talking about a quick, cheap Vegas wedding!  Okay, so its not in the best part of town, but it is a Vegas institution and they really do take their nuptials seriously.  I was the witness at a buddy's wedding this weekend and the minister who officiated admonished my friend to "look into her eyes!!" and she was NOT kidding.  Made us giggle... :)  In any event, we went through the drive-thru and the whole event took about oh, let's see, 15 minutes or so.  It was perfectly cheesey with the painted cherubs on the ceiling of the "tunnel of love".  Even had a sign saying "our marriage was made in heaven".  Ha!  I'll be posting some photos once I edit my friends out of them.  For $50 you can't beat it.  The package even included some marriage "do's and don'ts".   After it was over, we left and headed over to the Stratosphere to check out some of the mind-bending rides up at the top.  Definitely a day to remember....
3	More cheese than a Kenosha dairy farm. The limo driver was a bit pissy because we were running late. But the pastor was really sweet, and I cried a little as I gave the groom away. We had a lot of fun snapping pics in the outdoor area. Don't ask about the "incident" there. I promised not to tell. My friend and his new bride were happy, and that was all that mattered.
4	Very cute chapel.  VERY VERY friendly people who work there.  We just stopped by to take photos and the men who were out front were nice and joking with us.  They loved that we were taken photos.  There is a drive through wedding area.  There is a pink Cadillac, huge hummer, etc... It's a very 'Vegas' place.  Check it out next time you are in Las Vegas.  You'll need a car to get there... it's far from the strip.
5	Thank god I'm not lactose intolerant - otherwise, I'd be in trouble with all the cheeze oozing out of this place.  There are so many fake flowers in there, my husband kept sneezing because of the dust they collect.  And the sign outside?  Hilarious - Joan Collins and Michael Jordan were married here - married each other?  HA!This is my second experience at ALWWC (not my second marriage); the first time was for my friend's brother's wedding, quite the experience, we went on a Saturday night, place was packed, hot outside and had to wait forever for the ceremony.  BUT it was the best time ever - two friends went across the street to the nudie store and bought champagne and other alcohols and we kept the night going. The second time was slightly different, after a comatose buffet experience at the Paris Hotel and a rather long nap - the hubster and I mosied on down to ALWWC to get foreal married, yes the wedding back in May was not legal, at least this way, I get two anniversaries and twice the presents right?   We walk inside and are greeted by Melanie/Melody, who was very quick in processing our paperwork and getting everything in order for us.  The priest was awesome, I didn't cry at my wedding in May, but actually got teared up at this ceremony.  Yes it was a little cheesy walking down the aisle to prerecorded music and what not - but what's a Vegas wedding with out Cheese?! It's a great place to get hitched.  The Tunnel of Love drive thru would have been a great option too.
4	Been there done that at the drive through. Loved it.
4	We did our renewal vows for our 5 year anniversary at the Tunnel Of Love. It was VEGAS perfect! So cheesy and just what we wanted. It was only $45 for the service and took about 15 mins. We didn't even need a reservation. They did get us for another $35 for the little frame book to hold the renewal certificate, AND another $40 tip for the minister, but still for about $100 it was a great price and one of the cheapest we could find. They even sent out their photographer to use my own camera and take a few pictures of us when we asked. The minister had us cracking up and we had several passers by ask to take a picture of us as we were standing outside our sunroof. Kay was extremely sweet and overall it was a great experience and such a good memory we will have.
5	Batman T-Shirt? Check. $50 drive-thru fee for a 10/10/10 wedding? Check. Marriage license? Check.  Friends that drive a Lexus for you to get married in? Check.So cheesy it's friggen great.  The easiest thing I have ever done in my life.  None of this "look at my $5000 dress" and all that wedding hoopla.  Been there, done that... this is my second marriage and I'm absolutely thrilled that it turned out this great. :)
5	Prince William will likely end up getting married in a massive European cathedral with vaulted ceilings.  Can you imagine anything more dull and less original?And that's one of the reasons that people come to Vegas: to knock the stuffiness out of a solemn ceremony.  You won't find a better place than A Little White Wedding Chapel to have your Vegas-style ceremony.  The staff is fun and genuinely seem to enjoy presiding over nuptials.  I've been there twice -- once to get married to a human in a drive through ceremony under a painted starry sky and once to get married to a turkey sandwich.  See what I mean about sense of humor?  One day, the chapel staff worked with Cappriotti's on a promotion where people could come to the chapel and pledge their love to the Bobbie.  Ohh, how I love that sandwich.  And that's what I'm saying: if you want to be married by someone who caters to the ceremony you want, who genuinely wants to be there and who wishes your union all the best, A Little White Wedding Chapel is the place.
2	We went here for a two year anniversary ceremony and it wasn't what we had hoped for. The woman working the desk forcefully recommend that we tip her. It was like she was doing us a favor for taking our money. Everyone had their hand out, which didn't sit right with me. Do a great job, help us have an outstanding time and you will be rewarded. Reverend and photographer both got paid with tipping, which is fine.While we were waiting a drunk woman came in and the woman at the desk convinced her to by a dozen roses for $125. I almost offered her to use ours, since they would be thrown away anyway.Love the campyness of this building and the spaces inside. The staff, service and attitudes need help.
4	We had so much fun and everything went very smoothly. I enjoyed the ceremony and we had a lot of laughs!!!!The pictures and video came out great too.
3	My husband and I got married here on 10/09/2011. We did the drive thru because we're classy like that. We drove up, waited around for a few, a lady helped us out, and we waited for the minister. As we waited I observed a strip club and motel across the street. OOOH LA LA!!!Didn't realize it was going to be a religious ceremony, which was awkward, but whatever. I think it took about 10 minutes and we were done. We skipped the strip club and just drove back to Long Beach. It was cheap and quick,  just like my early twenties.
2	We decided to run off and get married in the drive thru. First the got us for the 149.300 package with pics and a video.  Then the MInister asked if we cared if he prayed for us, I didn't care but we opted out.  You are then handed an envelope and are more less required to give a min donation of $40.00 to the Minister BEFORE he does the ceremony.  While we waited in the 110 degree heat, we learned that they would have to bring us our video and pics to our hotel, some tech issues.  The photographer handed you a clip board for you to sign and mark how much your photograher donation would be.    All I could do was laugh during the ceremony.  It was not romantic and just a big let down.  Needless to say we only gave $20.00 tip to the minister and our paperwork still isn't filed with the Clark County Recorders Office.  My advise is if it's gonna be hot the day you get married, do it in the early morning or very very late at night!Good luck and Bless you all on your futures.  The best thing about the whole experience is that I married my best friend and the love of my life...
1	This chapel is ghetto and incompetent. They charge extra fees for stuff, and charge WAY to much for pictures and your not allowed to take your own pictures inside the chapel, which is bogus since your paying so much to get married there, in our case have your vows renewed there. They also CHARGED us 50$ to have my dad marry us! Why? Who knows, its not like they had to do anything extra to have my dad stand up there. We also went back the next day to buy the overpriced 90$ dvd of the marriage, waited an hr and they still could not find it, had to leave and they said to come back later cause they were open till midnight. We came back around 930pm and THEN they decide to tell me, after waiting another 20mins, that the dvd guy LEFT FOR THE DAY!  I asked if they could call me and let me know if they find it, since they said they record all the weddings yet my mother in law clearly heard them say they werent recording ours and we dont get a dvd, they told me no they could not call and never gave a reason which is all bull. They have crappy customer service and RUDE incompetent people on their staff.
4	They have the marriage process boiled down to a concentrated couple of hours. We were in and out and on to the night life in no time. Best part was for a little extra all of our family was able to view the ceremony live via webcam.The chapel we were married in was very ...... Vegas. Hot colors, tacky decor, and a hand painted mural as our backdrop. Everyone there is helpful and the whole operation runs like a guided tour of the museum of marriage. You are escorted to each checkpoint via your choice of limo or pink cadillac. The only awkward moment was being hit up for a 'donation/tip' by the priest.
5	Exactly what we expected! We had our real wedding in Israel in December; 200+ guests, extravagant dress and suit, fancy linens, gourmet food,etc...but our friends weren't there so we decided to make it "legal" in Vegas. We called 2 days earlier to reserve the gazebo (that way you can take your own pictures), showed up half hour late and were still greeted with smiles. We asked for a non-denominational, fully civil ceremony and it was great. The woman officiating was super nice, the vows were sweet and to the point and we were done in under 15 minutes. She even provided us with a light bulb to break in the end and yell Mazal Tov, lolWent for drinks with our group  of 25 at the bar next door and had a blast. I recommend a Vegas wedding (whether its before, after or instead of your formal wedding) at LWC
5	Rene saved the day!!!! Originally booked across the street but blech!! I stepped into the little white wedding chapel and it was like a breath of fresh air. They can do it all from a drive through quickie, to an elegant personalized ceremony. They even do the Las Vegas fave, an Elvis wedding!! Their level of customer service is amazing and they really came through in a pinch. I would 100% recommend them!!!
2	I really had liked the ceremony. I had gotten married there almost a year ago. BUT! They had told me they had recorded the ceremony and that I would be able to obtain a copy of it later on. So when I decided I wanted a copy I sent in a request, but they didnt record my ceremony. They said there was a mistake and the minister didnt record the ceremony. SO now I cannot obtain a copy of my wedding. :-(  The ceremony was great and the whole thing was a great experience, but make sure if you would like a copy you tell them to record it!!!!!!!! Or they wont!!!!!!
5	My husband and I had our wedding here. And I must say, we heard such crazy things that happened here to other people. And it got me a little freaked out. But once there you will see you are going to have fun, and married the person you love the most. It was very cute. Kinda funny, to watch all the couples come in and out of this place. But the bottom line is that we had such a a amazing day. The man that gave us our wedding vows was so sweet. I just loved ever minute of it. I do have to say, if your hoping for a privet place, or a wedding that you can't look back in 15 years and smile and laugh at the time. Then this isn't the place for you. This was a very nice, warm and happy place. But not for the drama queens who just "want this and want that" which I did see a few there. So thank you Little White Chapel for giving me a wonderful wedding, and a beautiful day  of my life!
5	Got married here on 04.06.07We were the only people there at the time, as it was Good Friday and 11am.  We were in and out within 30 minutes.
5	We want to thank everyone at the LITTLE WHITE WEDDING CHAPEL for making our big day a total success! You guys were as professional as can be,from the limo pick up driver,to the photographer to the Minister etc.No sales pitch going on just fun,fun,fun! We can't stop bragging about what a great VEGAS WEDDING WE HAD.We did not have any guest yet felt like we did just with the Minister and photographer there.Highly recommend them and will be back to renew or vows in 10 years.....Maybe sooner!Bob & Carol Moskowitz
4	Should you go in for a quickie wedding or go for the free photo op outside? I chose the photo op but we did take a quick look around. Wedding prices start at around $80. I Saw a couple doing a drive thru wedding, saw a live wedding going on in the front yard, the bride was in a white miniskirt. Took a walk through the waiting room, it was like a dentists office with the amount of people waiting to get hitched. They even told me they will take you through the drive thru with a pink Cadillac or have Elvis marry you.
5	Wedding at 3 AM.  How can you not give it 5 stars.  They should make a reality show out of this place!
4	Our friends were married here last week, we all had a great time ... they did a great job not crossing the line to "cheesy" and kept things light. Elvis was AWESOME. Loved the pink cadillac and the drive through !
1	My husband and I got "married" here on in 2010--we loved the drive-through and wonderful service.  Rev. Nature Woodall did a fabulous job of making our quick little ceremony special and we really enjoyed the non-traditional aspects of the chapel--the service was religious even for a civil ceremony which I would have passed on if given the chance...BUT the chapel never sent our marriage certificate to the recorder's office (as evidenced by my attempt to get a certified copy through the proper channels).  Now that I am trying to get insurance coverage for my husband, they are running me in circles telling me one day that I need to get it from the "recorder's office in Clark County" (we obtained the license in Washoe county so that is false), the next week I was told I needed to go to "the courthouse" (also false), now that they are "searching for records in a storage unit that is not nearby" and want us to continue waiting to hear from them.  UNACCEPTABLE!  Bottom line, they will probably take great care of you if you are spending a lot of money,  but in our case, a $50 drive-through service did not warrant proper filing of paperwork.  Obviously this is causing major problems for us after the fact: insurance, taxes, etc.  Bride and groom BEWARE!
1	This place is a hot mess.  I came here to watch my sister-in-law and her husband renew their vows at the drive-thru and it was a nightmare from start to finish.  Here's how my run-down with the employees went:-"Hi, my sister is going to be coming through the drive-thru, where should we stand?  She's not here yet and there's another ceremony outside and we don't want to get in the way."-Blank stare-"Should we just wait outside?"-"What's the name?"-"Melissa ____."-"I didn't check in no one by that name."-"Yea, they aren't here yet.  Is there somewhere we can wait for them?"-"There's some chairs by the window."  Points to outside and then walks away.Seriously?  You can't even act a little happy in a place where dozens of people get married every day?  You can't be a little helpful?So Melissa and her husband show up in their limo and are ready to cheese it up in Vegas.  They fill out the paperwork, pay, and then wait.  And then they waited for 40 more minutes.  In a limo.  In the drive-thru. They were ready to just forget the whole thing and get their money back but were told (by a completely unapologetic employee) that it would only be 10 more minutes.  Apparently we were waiting for a minister to do the service, even though they were only renewing their vows.  They don't keep someone around just for regular old ceremonies?Finally the pastor shows up, apologizes, and proceeds to run through the ceremony.  I videotaped it and it took a whole 4.5 minutes.  After the ceremony, he IMMEDIATELY hands them an envelope and tells them "he doesn't get paid by the chapel."  Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh.I'm sorry, but you need to work out some kind of contract where you get paid per service you preform.  Or, the chapel should just require a tip as part of their pricing and give it to the minister to save him the hassle.  I really don't want to bad-mouth the pastor because he seemed nice enough, but to me that just seemed like it was in really poor taste.What bothered my sister-in-law the most was that she called THREE times ahead of this to see if she needed to reserve a spot.  Three times she was told no and that it wouldn't be a problem, just come to the drive-thru and she would be taken care of.  I guess the chapel just assumes people like to wait in limos (that are being rented by the hour) next to a dirty chapel for an hour during their vacation.The chapel is old and beat up, the cherubs are falling off the ceiling in the drive-thru like they are trying to escape their misery, and the employees are slow and unfriendly.  After having my own renewal at Viva Las Vegas, I cannot believe how completely different this chapel turned out to be.The only good thing about this place is that their services are cheap (before your tip to the minister, of course).I would only recommend if you enjoy top-notch Vegas kitsch or if you think you might have cold feet and you want to give yourself an extra 50 minutes before the ceremony to really think it through.
4	overall a good experience. came here for a friend's wedding and everything ran smoothly and i thought the service was pretty professional. not as tacky as i would have liked though! the wedding was scheduled for 11pm and they were right on schedule. my group was pretty low-key -- the groom wore a hawaiian shirt he picked up at CVS on the way over. but most of the other people there were really dressed up and had bridal parties and such with them. two important things i learned while waiting inside:1. you're not allowed to drink directly from a vodka bottle in the lobby.2. the "father of the bride" hats are $45!!! so bummed as i really wanted to wear one all night.the pastor was nice, the photographer was even nicer. me and the other guests took iphone photos without any hassle. i don't think anyone tipped (oops) but no one made a big deal about it.
2	THe hubby n I went to Vegas and decided it would be a good idea to take a few minutes out of our lives for a simple renewal of vows for our anniversary. We decided on the ever-so-famous Little White Wedding Chapel. NICKEL AND DIME YOU TO DEATH: They kept charging for everything that was supposed to be included-- Example: We already paid our $200 and something in total, but charged an EXTRA $50 for NOT USING their minister, which is weird since a minister is not required in real life, for anything, ever.  UNPROFESSIONAL: When it came time to check in naturally they said we owed even more money than that even though I had paid in full. It's interesting because I asked several times for a receipt in the weeks prior so I would NOT have this problem. WHy is it SO hard to email a receipt?! So here I am looking like a cheapskate arguing with an angry, incompetent female who apparently doesn't have shit for math skills and can't get her head out of her ass long enough to explain what the F is going on.MONEY HUNGRY: They also said they'd record it in case we want to purchase an over-priced DVD, come to find out they never recorded it and gave our friends the run-around. The staff is ridiculous and rude. The organist who didn't even play for us asked my hubby for a tip because she "doesn't get paid much." It's like this: Kiss my ass old woman, the ceremonies last 10 minutes, meaning you get a TIP every ten minutes. You didn't PLAY the organ for us. Of course my hubby tipped her anyway because he's a sweetheart.UN-SKILLED: If you opt for pics don't expect much. The photographer took every pic straight on. Every angle identical, no rule of thirds, no angle from above, below, or different sides... and forget lighting or anything else that makes a picture unique. (Not that I'm a professional. But I'm also not pretending to be a photographer like this dude.) Good thing we're a "fun" group and made the most of our photos. :) At least the photographer was a nice guy.SO! if you want a bunch of rude, incompetent, no-talent ass clowns you've found your venue.On the plus side it's surrounded by porn shops and passed out hookers. Therefore I raise this review from a one-star to a generous 2-star rating.
4	We wanted to get married in Vegas and have a little fun with it - nothing really serious, so it had to be the drive thru with Elvis!Let me get the negative out of the way first. Appointment shmointment! We had a 7pm appointment, but it didnt really seem to matter much - keep that in mind! They just seem to book any and all! Knowing it was July, a popular time in Vegas to get married, we were patient, but the problem was they have no air conditioning in any of their buildings so we, along with our guests, were sweating our butts off in the 105 degree weather just waiting. GET SOME AC!!Next - we paid a pretty penny extra for Elvis - don't have him hit us for money just before the ceremony, telling us he doesnt get paid by you!! pretty crappy!And get organized! we had to have a second 'ceremony' because the videographer completely missed the first one! I guess we can just chalk that up as being special and getting two ceremonies huh?The last thing I want to complain about is the RIDICULOUS rule that Elvis can't sing Viva Las Vegas! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Just because there is another chapel named after that song? C'mon people, this is just absurd! Ok, after all that you are probably wondering why it still gets 4 stars, and I shall tell you! We knew what we were getting into - thats what we wanted, a bit of cheese and lots of fun! Once the ceremony got under way, Elvis was great and everything moved along well, despite the second ceremony, which Elvis handled greatly!  He really did a great job which made everyone forget about everything mentioned previously -  the staff and other wedding parties all stopped to watch,e ven the folks inside the building!This place is for those that want to have a bit of fun with their wedding - don't expect class, expect cheesy and fun! and a lot of sweating if you are getting married between May and October!!
5	Xoxoxoxoxoxoxox, what more can we say?! Renewal of vows entailed meeting some of the nicest folks on the planet, from the other "newlyweds" to the chaplain to the receptionist...we had a friggin BLAST!!!!!!!!
1	We wanted a fun, Vegas elopement! Boy were we disappointed! First of all the minister forgot we wrote our own vows, even though we told her seconds before the ceremony. Then she had us quickly read them after it was over. Not the same. And our vows were very important to us. Apparently they weren't to her. Then they say the chapel fees are included with the charges/packages. Do NOT be fooled! The minister wants a tip and suggests $40-$60-$100. The photographer wants a tip. The limo driver gets a tip. Expect to pay at least $120-$200 more than what you see on the website. The worst part? No one seems to care that they ruined our ceremony by ignoring our vows. This is a once in a lifetime moment for a couple. And even if it's in Vegas, it's nice to feel the people involved care. They don't.
4	I loved my wedding! Only thing I didn't like so much was my pictures I need to edit ALOT. Because there was a wedding behind mine I wasn't given a chance to freshen make up ( was a Lil glossy due to heat) all my pictures are very shiny and half of my 38 pictures either I or my husband and kids had our eyes closed and photographer chuck didn't center our kids in the pictures at all our son was way off to the side of us I'd guess about 1 foot away from us total I was left with 4 good pictures. Other than that I would have given a 4 stars! Everyone was friendly Minister was great!
4	We got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel on Sept 5, 2012.  I had called earlier in the day to try to make a reservation and was told that no reservation was needed for a drive-thru wedding (even though their own website says you should.)  We showed up and were told that there were two couples ahead of us, we should park, check in, and then wait in line.  We went to check in and were greeted by Jerry, who was a pretty nice guy and explained everything.  One of the things Jerry explained was that the minister would be handing us an envelope for a donation and it should be a cash only donation for a minimum of $40.  He actually showed us the pre-printed envelope and right in front it says donation suggested $40-60-100.  That took us by surprise as it wasn't mentioned by the website or anyone we had spoken to up to this point.  We had zero cash on us, planning on just charging everything.  The ATM next door was broken so we had to leave to go find one.  By the time we got back, there was an additional couple in front of us even though we were checked in, had paid, told them what we were doing, and only took ten minutes tops to run to the ATM one block away and back.The minister was great.  He made it fun, yet serious and spoke very well throughout the ceremony.  And... As Jerry had warned hit us up for the donation.  He hands you the envelope and asks you to seal it after.  So he doesn't know how much you put in there until after you leave I guess. This was a good thing because we were on a budget and only did $20.  I hope he submits the certificate to City Hall... ;)As far as photos/video, we had a video camera rolling the whole time from the dashboard and it captured the whole thing perfectly.  The minister even saw it and made sure we turned it on before he started.  We saw the staff photographer video the ceremony before ours.  He held a palmcorder in his hand looking in from the driver's window the whole time.  I think our unmanned angle was much better because it had both of us and the minister, their guy didn't have the minister in his shot.All in all we gave it four stars because everyone was nice and we did have fun with it.  They lost a star with the unnanounced "suggested" tip, and letting someone go ahead of us even though we were checked in.  So, if you want a simple, short ceremony, go here but remember to bring cash for the minister!
2	I called to see about making plans for  my sister  to get married in their drive-thru later this year.  The woman on the phone was as rude as it get's and would not directly answer my questions, she was like a robot and kept repeating herself.  What a jerk!
1	My friends decided to get married here on a Tuesday night (10/2 to be exact). People come to the Little White Wedding Chapel because they're on a tight budget or they just wanna get it done. No harm in that whatsoever. My girl friend looked beautiful in her wedding dress and I was determined to make sure that this short time in this chapel would be perfect. I truly felt that the way in which the minister/ceremony person went about his business was very unprofessional as I felt their rules and regulations were just asinine. My first thought though upon walking in....this place reeked of antibacterial hand sanitizer, and not in a good way either. As a part of their wedding, my friends niece was a flower girl and was throwing fake rose petals down the aisle. The minister guy rudely told the groom that someone needed to pick up the petals because he wasn't going to. Rude rude rude! Not to mention, it's extremely tacky to suggest $40-$601$100 tip. I wouldn't have tipped this guy anything if it were me.No pictures or video whatsoever are allowed inside the chapel. If you want anything to remember your day by, you MUST purchase the pictures that the photog took or purchase the video that they chapel did. Let me talk further regarding the video. The video is a video camera that is mounted to the wall behind the minister. That's it. They charge $250 for this video. That's highway robbery. Shame on you! At least there's a real photographer that takes pictures. They weren't spectacular quality, but my friends looked amazing in their pictures and the lady that took the pictures was super nice. Super cheesy courtyard. Come on guys, you can at least invest in a nice "Little Wedding Chapel" sign to go on the gazebo. It was on a piece of cardboard and was tied to the gazebo.The benches were all dirty and the gazebo is put in a place where the street and strip club across the street are very visible in pictures. The only thing that mattered is that my friends enjoyed their time here and were incredibly happy with how things turned out.
5	My husband and I decided to elope in Las Vegas and figured what better place than one of the more famous chapels?  I see a lot of negativity about the condition of the chapel, the neighborhood and the requests for "donations" from the staff.  ok, well...1.) why would you ever think this is some fancy, high-class joint is beyond me.  it's a Vegas chapel that offers 24 hour 10 minute ceremonies.  of course you're not getting a five-star joint.  for what you're paying for and where you are it's really not that bad.  go to the bellagio if you want better. 2.) again, what kind of neighborhood did you think you would get?  it's not exactly ON the strip.  even as a first-timer to Vegas I know that if I step foot off of the strip it's going to be sketchy. 3.) why wouldn't you do your research before you go?  I did.  so i anticipated the requests for tips and simply said (two minutes after walking in, with no reservation either) that we take care of everyone who was participating in the ceremony beforehand as to not interrupt our wedding.  bing. bang. boom.  done.  didn't have to listen to anyone beg for money.  in fact, the woman behind the desk thanked us many times.Anyway, we walked right in and told the nice woman behind the counter exactly what we wanted.  Photographer with 18 photos (of which he gave us more for a total of 29, which I thought was pretty cool); and they came out nicely.  not wonderful, but again, what did you think you would get?  I got compliments that they were beautiful.  we picked out our flowers and a garter.  no pressure to add on any additional items.  we told the woman we wanted elvis to be there and sing; she told us he had just left to which i said, "oh, that's too bad." but she said she would call him right now and have him come back.  i felt bad but she said, "honey, this is what he does.  it's no problem at all. give us five minutes." boom, five minutes later he was there.  he even walked me down the aisle :o)the minister was very nice, as was elvis.  in fact, we went back to pick up our disc with the pictures and he was there, remembered us and wished us well again.  it was quick, fun and easy.  no stress.  just what we wanted and better than we actually expected.  we're going back next year for our one year anniversary and who knows?  maybe we'll renew our vows at the little white wedding chapel :o)
5	My boo and I decided to tie the knot in Vegas and chose A Little White Wedding Chapel. I'm happy to say everything went off perfectly.  Our limo driver showed up on time and was very friendly. Everybody inside the chapel was great. The photographer did a great job and even took a few extra pictures for us that weren't included in our package. We loved our minister. Even though we had only just met it seemed like he really knew us. I thought he did a wonderful job and my boo was very pleased. After our ceremony the staff even found an extra limo for us to help shuttle our guests back to our hotel. Sure it's cheesy, but it's Vegas! That's the point!Yes, you will have to tip people (you would if you got married at a church in your home town too). I think at the end of the day I tipped out somewhere around $180 outside of the package. Guess what, it's Vegas people! You tip people here. Plus you can win or lose twice that much money in a couple minutes at the tables. Don't listen to the complainers and be prepared with some extra dough and you will be fine.A Little White Wedding Chapel helped make our wedding a special day. We are very glad we got married here.
5	If there was ever a cheezy moment in my life, it was here. I was coming back on deployment from the Middle East on RR. and I wanted to renew our wedding vows that we made a couple years earlier. The staff was friendly.... We went through the drive through and did it through the window.... then got out of the car and started taking all these cheesy photos.... I think they knew exactly what we wanted.... It was awesome..
5	We went last night for their drive-up wedding service. Great service, very convenient and good prices
3	After a 15 year engagement, my girlfriend and I decided to make it official when we traveled to Vegas with her family a few months back. It was my first trip to Vegas so I wasn't sure what to expect. While her family went and did their thing we snuck off to get our marriage license. I was amazed to find that the wedding industry in Vegas is just as slimy and pushy as the prostitutes and strippers on the strip. When we came out of the Justice Center with our license there were five guys out front "Hey congrats guys, do you want a free limo ride to our chapel?" Anyway, the next day we told the family and all packed in the car and headed to the Little White Wedding Chapel. It is CHEESY. The front office looks like a dispatch office from the 80's. They nickel and dime the hell out of you. But in the end, after all the time we have spent together it wasn't about that it was just about the end result.....And to finish it off....just as a reminder that you are in Vegas.....as you walk out the door as husband and wife for the first time....there is a "Stripper Supply" store and adult book store right across the street. Nice!
2	I was married here in 2006 and am currently going through a separation. So, would not recommend.
4	I was really happy with them. We renewed our vows in the tunnel of love in the pink Cadillac. They ran behind about 30 Minutes but that was due to a bride running late. The Elvis was awesome and I enjoyed the photos that were taken.      The best part was our limo driver Lorenzo. This guy is great! He took great care of us. I was very pleased with everything and would recommend to everyone I know.
1	This is one chapel we visited and it was not for us at all. This place is not a place I would  want my bride to remember as the place we wed. I would be a bit embarrassed to have my guest watch us get married here. Yeh Yeh it's Vegas but it really wasn't our style.
5	If you're looking for an inexpensive, easy place to get married, this is it.  No need to look elsewhere.  You can go with a basic package- which we did- with a couple of a la carte add-ons, and you will be very satisfied.  We were very impressed with the photographer, and quite happy with the tux rental.  However, I was over the moon for the hair/ makeup stylist Mary.  She did a wonderful, wonderful job.  I loved my hair so much, I tried the keep it as long as I could- and it lasted from 4 PM when she was done putting it up through a red-eye flight to Hawaii- and would have lasted longer- except that I wanted to go in the ocean.  And my hair is very, very hard to work with because it is extremely fine.  She also came to my hotel room, instead of me having to go to a salon, then go back to my room.  Gosh- she even helped me get dressed- all for a very, very reasonable price.  Way better than you can find in a hotel salon!
5	Best wedding ever! My husband and I got married here last weekend. After a brief snafu with our reservation and a mix up we ended up with a better transportation option. We were supposed to have a regular limo for us and six of our guests. In the end we ended up in the hummer, which worked perfectly. All of our party was allowed to travel with us. Sam was a fantastic driver, he let us pump up the music, and dealt with our rambunctious party in a way that seemed happy and not annoyed. Sam also was gracious enough to take many pictures on many different cell phones for our party.   The chapels employees made everything so easy. We filled out a few details on the paperwork provided by the chapel and the marriage department of Clark County, then it was time to get on with the show.    I do not know which chapel we were in, I only know that is is the smaller one to the right of the main entrance. The Chapel was pretty, not to overdone. The best part of the chapel were the mirrors at the back of the chapel, these provided a nice back view for my dress, which would have gone unseen for the most part.     Our minister Chris was hilarious, charming and got our whole party involved. We are a slightly rowdy group when you add a bit of alcohol. The ceremony itself was perfect, short, sweet and to the point. Chris also has a great Elvis impersonation, and we have the pictures to prove it.     Carlo our photographer did a fantastic job of catching the love and happiness we feel for one another. He included our friends in a few pictures and let us cut loose and have a bit of fun.      We accidentally left our papers in the hummer and when we returned the following day and asked if anyone had found them, we were pleasantly surprised that they did in fact have them set aside. The package we chose came with a DVD and photo disc, one of which snapped a bit on our travels back to Los Angeles. When we called upon finding out that morsel of information, they offered to make a replacement for us for a small fee.      I could not have imagined a more fun and easy wedding, I am very happy that we ran off and wed. I highly recommend it to anyone that isn't the traditional bride and groom. In addition to the ease, it was extremely affordable.        Love Is Grand, isn't it?
5	A birthday trip for my boyfriend turned into an elopement.After six years and a few cocktails we decided, fuck it let's get married. We put our destination wedding plans on the back burner and did it just for us.   I found LWWC, we needed cheapish ceremony since we lived the past 4 days up Vegas style. You'd be surprised to know how much it costs to have Elvis marry you anywhere in Vegas. The whole process was painless and super easy. I didn't want to rent a cheap dress,  photographer or flowers. H&M and Gucci(something blue) was just fine for me, the ceremony was about $50.  I was worried the officiant would be very generic, creepy ect.....Pastor Chris was AMAZING!! Very personal and genuine. He really made the moment special, yes they have a recommended tip, but he was totally worth it.    The chapel space itself is very dated and kitchy. Since our friends were going to be our witnesses/photographers we had to do it in the courtyard which was totally fine. Don't forget to pose with the pink Cadillac.     Great for a quickie wedding. I wouldn't expect elegance, sophistication  and glamour it's Vegas after all.
1	My husband and I decided to get married here because it was a cute little place not too far from the strip. We bought our reservations a week before our wedding and all we were asked to do was be there 15min before the ceremony with our marriage license. However, when we got there they were so busy helping other customers we had to wait almost a half hour before they even acknowledged us. We bought the pink cadillac drive- thru ceremony. Despite what the descriptions of the ceremony leads you to believe the car didn't even move and the minister just leaned over the side of the backseat while performing the ceremony. We sat in the back of the vehicle and it was thrashed and just gross.  We also bought the 18 photo package. The photographer was kind of funny, but he had us pose in the most awkward positions. He then told us to check on their site in 3-5 days and as we checked the 5th day, we had an 'invalid code' message pop up, when I called them and asked if they gave me a wrong code the lady told me they were having some problems because they were switching from giving cd's out of your photos to putting them online. She told me it would take another week for us to get our pictures that we paid for. I asked why they never bothered to contacted me and let me know what was going on and all she said was that they were having difficulty getting them online. So of course I asked for compensation since we were paying 75 dollars to have someone upload less than 20 photos to the internet UNEDITED and of course she told me they couldn't do that. It takes one minute to upload a few pictures to the internet, what problem could there possibly be? The only positive thing that came out of this place was our marriage. Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	We were married on 11/12/13 at A Little White Wedding Chapel and we had the BEST time!  Our experience was wonderful!  Laid back and relaxed, stress free, small family event.  From the beginning we had a prompt and super friendly limo driver.  He got us to the Chapel well in advance of our scheduled ceremony.  He called and made sure we could find him and he started out our day perfectly.When we arrived at the chapel, we were greeted by friendly and helpful staff.  It was a very busy day for them and they were completely professional and cheerful and enthusiastic in our celebration.  I mixed up my flower order by accident which they noticed right away and they were quick to accommodate the change for me without me even asking!  The minister was wonderful!  She performed a beautiful ceremony and we all had tears in our eyes.  She seemed like she knew us a lifetime.  I was very impressed with her kind and sweet demeanor.  There was not a dry eye, not even the ministers.Our photographer was awesome!  He was professional and helped us with poses and was fun.  He really captured the spirit, excitement and happiness of the day.  Our overall experience was fantastic.  We would highly recommend it for a fast, relaxed and non-traditional fun wedding.  You need to go into it for what it is.  This is VEGAS!  If you are looking for a big pomp and circumstance, cater to your every pretentious whim, this is not the place for you.
4	We were here a couple of weeks ago for my brother's wedding & I have to admit, even though it wasn't the most luxurious wedding, it was very well put together and they have everything a bride & groom would need.The ceremony was in the upper floor of the building, the couple went upstairs first to rehearse, then  the guests were given the green light.  The officiant was very gracious and professional.  It was heartfelt and didnt feel like we were being rushed.It was a nice short ceremony with pictures at the end.  We took more pictures after the ceremony around the building.They had a bridal gown area and tuxes for some of the impromptu weddings.I'd recommend for the smaller ceremonies.  Parking was easy as they have a big parking lot in the back.
5	My husband and I got married here November 18th, 2013 and we couldn't have been more pleased with how everything turned out. The staff was very friendly and the minister was perfect. I would highly recommend this chapel to couples who are looking for a small quick fun Vegas wedding. I don't remember exactly but I believe it's only 65$ to use the chapel and don't forget to tip the minister :)
5	We were married here nearly 20 years ago. We stopped in a few weeks ago on a visit to Vegas to renew our vows. Place is fantastic!
1	They called us to come At 2.we waited more than an hour for the assistance .wtf.we made a reservation before.bad service
3	I got hitched on January 1 at 3:30am. The wedding was $60, the tip for the minister was $40, the pictures were $80 and we tipped the camera man $10. The license was $60. The ceremony was beautiful and my now husband was crying.  It lasted all of 20 minutes.
5	I called 3 weeks before, booked my date and when I showed up a day before to make sure all was in order, a wedding coordinator by the name of Roseann helped me out.  She was AMAZING!! The day of the ceremony our Pastor (Hector) was AWESOME!  We had everything we wanted and MORE!  The photographer took amazing pictures and sent them to us within 3 days! Overall I give my wedding experience with this place an A++++ - I would definitely recommend!!!
5	Awesome!! This place is just what you would think a Las Vegas wedding would be. I got married here yesterday and it was a blast. I only payed $65 plus $50 for the minister. I didn't pay for the Elvis wedding but he showed up and took pictures with us!   The minister was fantastic and she preformed a beautiful ceremony in the gazebo. The ceremony was about 10 minutes....longer than I expected. We were allowed to take our own pictures and video. I have seen some bad reviews but come on, this is Vegas baby, it's all about having fun! We did not make reservations and only had to wait about 20 minutes. It was exactly what I always wanted! I highly recommend this place if your looking for a quick, fun Vegas style wedding! Don't expect a fancy wedding but I recommend the gazebo for small and intimate feeling.
1	They should not advertise that they are 24 hours as I just called to request a ceremony at 2:30am and they said "there is no way we will open that early, especially just for a chapel ceremony"This was after I spoke with their online department who assured me that they would.Rude, inconsistent and false advertising.
1	One star, only because negative isn't a allowed. You'll wait. A long time. The staff is sweet and efficient, with broken smiles and trembling hands,  much like a beaten spouse. That's because the owner treats them similarly - talking down to them and correcting them in public. You'll pay more than advertised. Staff works for slave wages and tips and is hungry. Brides: you will be sweating. Owner refuses to fix AC. Sober people: you will notice just how disgusting, dirty and ill-repaired this place is. The bathroom door does not even close.Friends: The owner is anti-gay. She and her freak son (who is one of the ministers) will proudly tell you so. Employees who are "outed" are summarily fired. I witnessed this. Vegas may be cheesy, but it's better than this.
1	If u are planning to wait for a hour or two for a drive thru wedding, come to little white chappel. $50 pay to the chappel and additional $40 charge to the lady.
1	The worst customer service/experience ever!!! First of all, I called to reserve a chapel. I was put on hold for 35 minutes. When I finally spoke to someone and was inquiring about the different packages, I got a frustrated "you know we are really busy. You need to call back in 2 hours when we are better staffed.." Ok... So I called the next day and spoke to someone a little more pleasant. I booked an appointment and paid for a photographer, video and Elvis. They asked me if this was a marriage or vow renewal. I said marriage. "Great! Show up 15 minutes before your reservation." We arrived with our 30 guests and were told we needed a marriage license. We had to go to the courthouse first. WHY DIDNT ANYONE TELL US THIS?!?! We ran to the courthouse and back to the chapel. After we checked in (again) we were being escorted to the chapel. A couple pulled up in the drive thru. The woman up front told our minister to do their wedding first and kept all of our guests waiting outside in the 106 degree Vegas heat for 20 minutes while the drive up wedding was being conducted. They refused to open the chapel doors without the minister so we stood outside melting in the heat. I asked if we could have water or something since it was so got and we were waiting outside. We would have gladly paid for it. They said there is a vending machine down the street we could try... Then, they refused to let our guests take photos of the ceremony but they didn't have a photographer!!!!!! The photographer only takes photos after the wedding. It was seriously the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. No pictures of the ceremony!!!! Ugh. I'm so glad my guests are rule breakers and snapped a few anyway even though the staff was seriously yelling at my guests during the ceremony. Please save yourself the headache and go somewhere else. This place is the absolute worst. ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!!!!!
5	We had such a wonderful experience at the Little White Wedding Chapel almost two weeks ago. We called the day of, on a Saturday evening, and they managed to fit us in for a drive through style ceremony. We had a BLAST! Cute little tunnel with painted cherubs enclosed us as we said our vows in the back seat of a pink cadillac - does it get better than that? I just received the photos actually and even they came out adorable. Thank you to our nearly adolescent but clearly talented photographer! Only negative was that our ceremony took place about an hour later than our appointment was set for, but that didn't slow us down. Staff was friendly and it was an all over memorable, hilarious, wonderful experience. We would do it again in a heartbeat.
5	We were married here last Saturday, July 19th, and all of our expectations were met. The minister was delightful, performed a wonderful service. The photographer was good.  The ceremony was on time with no issues.  I would recommend this chapel to anyone who wants a quick, non-traditional wedding.  We did not experience any of the terrible issues mentioned in other comments and certainly did not pay more than advertised pricing.
5	I was very pleased with our wedding here! They were great answering all my questions over the phone even though I called all the time. Never seemed impatient or aggravated.  The minister was friendly & did a great job. She explained everything in detail on how the ceremony will work. The photographer was also great,  took quite a few pictures as well. I had hair & makeup done through them as well & Mary was excellent!  She did a fabulous job on my hair & makeup.  She made me feel so beautiful!  And she has a great personality! Our limo driver,  Gordon, great guy! Turned around when I realized I forgot my bouquet at the hotel and didn't seem to mind! The only draw back was the chapel was hot!!! Needs  better a/c. Other than that, my wedding was perfect! Thank you thank you thank you!!!
1	***Bride and Grooms Beware***The only reason there is even 1 star is because Yelp will not let you rate any worse.  This Chapel (if you can call it that) is by far THE WORST IN LAS VEGAS!!!  Never have I seen such poor excuses for employees!!!!  From the classless, "Miss" Derra, to the LAME minister and the horrible photographer...pathetic!!!!  We spoke to someone on the phone that was very sweet and helpful...4 times, including when we booked our reservation but the service we received when we arrived was absolutely horrible!  Even though we called 4 hours prior to arriving, to confirm, they had no record of our reservation??!!  We waited and waited, as we were treated like garbage, until they "somehow found our reservation".  "Miss" Derra slammed the window on me as I inquired about the wait and then proceeded to have the bride in tears by the time she was ready to say her vows.  The minister, what a joke, was rude, TOTALLY unprofessional (like the rest of the staff) and actually stopped the ceremony to yell at me for saying Awww during the ring exchange...very nice touch in the only video we will have.  This joyous celebration, that is a once in a lifetime occasion, was COMPLETELY ruined due to the poor behavior of the staff!  There was one very nice girl, Jennifer,  (probably the girl that had helped us over the phone) but she couldn't even assist us through this nightmare because her manager, "Miss" Derra, wouldn't allow her.  Jennifer should be promoted and the rest fired!  As a native Las Vegan, I will NEVER refer anyone to this chapel...Instead, I will share our horror story  (as I work in a major hotel) with all tourist that inquire about wedding chapels.  I certainly hope the owner of this establishment reads over these reviews before more happy couples have to experience what we did!
4	We renewed our vows here yesterday, and it was a fantastic experience! The minister (a young brown-haired female) was sincere and genuine and very kind. We went at 4:30pm and didn't wait long at all. The staff was so kind and helpful. The price was also very reasonable ($60). When we got out of the chapel, there was quite a line. I read the other reviews about people complaining about the wait- this is the most famous wedding chapel in Vegas, you're probably going to wait. But it's super vintage and nostalgic of a legit Vegas chapel. Only reason I can't give it 5 stars is that the carpets need cleaned desperately. The chapel was kind of dirty.
4	Just what we wanted a great little chapel for the two of us to tie the knot. Minister was great and the photos Johnny took were amazing the two of them we're what made our experience so good.The reason why I gave them only 4 instead of 5 is because of the front desk staff. We felt like just a number to them. We were 5 minute late ( not bad for the most important day if you life) and they commented but we still waited another 30 minutes one we were there. Anyway it was still a good experience and we have great pictures to remember our day
4	After seven years together, friends wanted to celebrate their "Seven Year Itch" wedding anniversary by having a #HangoverWeddingRenewalIt was the first time I've ever been invited to a "Vegas Wedding" so I was super stoked to be a part of it. The theme was black and white and after dinner at STK; our limo drove us over. We drove past the other wedding chapels, small seedy motels, and even the "classy" gentleman's club, Olympic Gardens. Arrived to a drive thru wedding happening in a rental car --- HOW COOL :) The ceiling of the drive thru was painted with Angels and clouds -- heavenly! Our friends got married by a standard person (not Elvis **bummer**) and his "ceremony" wasn't cheesy, at all. In fact, he said some really sentimental things, especially when it came to raising their two sons. It, honestly, made me tear! After the ceremony, we went outside to take pictures. Now I can cross this off my "Vegas Bucketlist!" Now if only I can see a wedding where Elvis marries the couple.
5	Great chapel!
5	My husband and I had decided that we would come to Vegas to get married.  This place was recommended to me because it is well known for quirky celebrity weddings.  We wanted to make things easy on ourselves and just get married and spend a long weekend.  We called about six months in advance and our 'coordinator' recommended we put a retainer so we could have the day we wanted and a limo.  The prices are very reasonable.  The chapel has rows of seats for guests but we chose to come alone like a 'planned elopement.'  Some things are pricey like the amount of flowers relative to what is spent but this is about convenience.  We also decided to rent a wedding gown and suit from them to make things even easier.  Overall, this is still a lot less money to shell out as opposed to a traditional wedding.The experience itself was very good.  The limo driver was a super nice guy who took us to the courthouse to pick up what we needed before taking us to the chapel.  I liked the minister.  I told him I was not religious and he was respectful of my wishes to not have a religious ceremony.  We did use their photographer for pics and he was great as well.  The pics were emailed to us quickly and they were so nice my mother-in-law said she could not stop crying.  My husband's aunt ordered us a DVD as a gift and that we got right away.  It was very cute.This is the type of wedding where there may be several couples getting married at once so if you require your own special day this may not be right for you.  If you are looking for a stress-free experience I highly recommend getting married here.  They have everything you need including dress and tux rentals.
4	My new wife and I got married today at the chapel.  Contrary to a lot of the reviews here we had a great time. From the limo pickup,  friendly desk staff,  gentle not pushy up sell,  great minister,  and awesome photographer.  We initially were going to use the gazebo,  but it was pretty warm out so we had it indoors.  The photographer took us out to the gazebo after and took extra photos.   Yes,  the building and it's interior is a little old and well used.   For us that was part of the experience.  If I wanted a 5 star luxury hotel wedding I would have sold a kidney and had one.  We wanted a quiet,  inexpensive elopement that met our expectations completely.
1	Find another chapel I wish I would of looked on yelp before I went ! Was doing 25 year vow renewal .. They suggest $40,$60,100$ tip for minister hand you a envelope at end of ceremony for it then photography asks for tip limo driver asks for tip ! The limo driver was in parking lot arguing with taxi driver telling him to go back to Africa so Rude ! I paid $60 for a certificate holder they didn't even fill out certificate told me to find someone who wrote neat to do it !!
5	Hubby and I decided to renew our vows while staying in Vegas. We called up and not even 2 hours later we were in the chapel with a sweetheart of a minister! The limo driver was very cool!
5	Amazing ambiance.  The staff was courteous, understanding, and encouraged an Ora of love. We had already left another location for being rude to us.  So to arrive here was meant to be. Definitely the place to have a Vegas wedding!
