3	CityNorth in North Phoenix is the latest mixed use development to blend the idea of - Live, Work, Play.  Kierland Commons and the Scottsdale Waterfront were the two big players in this market, until now.  CityNorth is bringing the idea together slowly and Blue Martini will fit right into the mix.Be forewarned - there is a dress code!  I walked through the velvet ropes for the pre-opening shindig on Thursday evening, but there were a few men that didn't make the cut!  They had on T-shirts!The patio is situated well and it has it's own bar that flows nicely.  The drinks were small though, ordered a Tanqueray & Tonic and it came in a 6 oz. glass packed with ice.  Not a lush, but I appreciate a mixed drink served appropriately for $8.The band was decent, wasn't really paying attention to them.  Their setup is behind a bar and they have 4-5 members in the group.  There is a small dance area nearby also.  I realize that Phoenix and Scottsdale cater to crowds and it is nice to retreat from them, BUT ...   There were 2 areas for VIP's, with the ropes , guy in a dark suit looking important and cocktail servers.  It was odd for me to see a VIP area in a restaurant/lounge/bar, that's all I'm saying.  The women that cocktail here are hired for their assets, its quite apparent what the mandatory requirements are for this place. Yes, they have to fill out the corset - completely!I would give it another chance and actually have dinner here.  That's the DL for now...
4	Blue Martini Loves the Ladies!! ....and we love you too! HAPPY HOUR 4-7PM DailyHalf-off Drinks and Appetizers
5	I had a great time here.  I think all the cougar talk is ridiculous. I think if the 40+ crowd like to get out and have fun more power to them. I loved sitting outside and people watching here. The drinks were great, no stingy pours here. The staff was nice, nothing like the uptight uppity Barcelona bouncer group. Good music, good times. I will be back.
3	I chose 3 stars b/c it depends what you are looking for..... I see it as "Barcelona North". Boobs and Botox everywhere..... It gets incredibly crowded - which of course is great business - but - it gets SOOOOO hot, so loud, so crowded. Again - depends what you are looking for. I guess I am totally over the super crowded "Scottsdale" bar scene. They do have great happy hour deals. BUT - their food - I swear they just go to Safeway to pick up some things. We ordered a cheese plate on a couple different visits - we had cheese cubes, those little cheese wheels with the wax you peal off, the crackers were definitely straight out of a grocery bag. Get this though - we asked for extra crackers to go with our cheese cubes and cheese wheels - and they charged us! Definitely go for the scene and the fancy martinis if that is your thing. BUT - the best deal of all - They have these VIP Cards. The VIP cards allows you a free martini anytime you go as long as it is before 9pm - and even better - If there is a line to get in and / or a cover - Ladies - you and 3 girls get to skip the line and the cover! Now that is a good deal. So I guess the 3 stars are for me - once again - I am sure it is 4 or 5 for some people and 1 or 2 for others. Have fun!PS - Parking sucks - unles you are cool with Valet - otherwise - prepare to walk.PS2 - Melissa was an awesome waitress.
4	I've been at the Blue Martini three or four times now and I've begun to warm up to the place. I have yet to try the food, but as far as the drinks go they kick ass! The area has a nice neighborhood feel to it even though most of the condos have yet to be sold. It reminds me of a poor mans New Orleans. The patio area is well suited for people watching and as mild as this spring has been up to this point, it's a real bonus to sit outside and relax. The staff and security are generally nice and professional and the service is good and expeditious. The DJ was average at best and there is room for improvement. I don't know who the owners or managers are and I quite frankly don't care. As far as boobs and botox goes... that element is definitely present, but hey, there's no shame in wanting to look your best. However, having said that, I had one near fatal encounter... On my last visit there was this cougar stalking the grounds and her skin looked like beef jerky, and there was plenty of crevices too, very attractive, duh! One would be excused for believing this woman had been mummified. I was given the impression that she had been excavated when they found King Tut's Tomb, I don't know if someone ferried her back across the river Styx but she was absolutely brutal, no joke. All in all, I like the place.
5	Went for the first time this weekend.  Amazing looking women.  The cocktails were good too. Great looking female bartenders. A must do if you're single and attractive.
4	Blue Martini is a classy bar with a friendly crowd and lots of cougars. I was surprised it was pretty busy on a Wednesday. I got a free drink card at the door I thought that was pretty cool. I'll be back for more adventures here!
3	I only went here for drinks with some friends at night. I was a little surprised that they were asking for a $10 cover charge considering I don't see this place as a full on night club. This place is definitely a scene and certainly has an older crowd if that's what you're into. Drink prices were fair and it certainly was crowded but not necessarily a place that I'm dying to go back to. If you live up in the North Scottsdale/Desert Ridge area, you now have an alternative to Old Town, which is good considering our DUI laws.
2	I met a couple of friends here Friday night. I tolerated it for about an hour. It's not often I walk into a bar and feel young anymore, but since the crowd seemed to be mostly in the mid-40's to mid 50's range, I felt like a fetus. The drinks were good, and our waitress was friendly. The live band was ok, but the set list was taken directly from the Wedding Singer soundtrack. Now, I'm no beauty queen, but I've never seen a bigger bunch of unattractive, scantily clad, over-tanned, retirement aged people in one room in my life. I felt like a guest at the third wedding of my 55 year old uncle somewhere near the Jersey Shore. Not for me.
3	My review of this place can really go either way.I only went here for drinks on a Saturday night with a friend so I can't say anything about the food, but, after seeing this place first hand, I'd be skeptical to try it. So I walk up and the place is looking real Miami, Old "look at me, look at me" Ferrari's out front, the typical escalade on 22's and a red velvet rope and carpet out front with a doorman in a black suit with a clipboard.It's 10pm and still 104 degrees so wait, I am at Citynorth in the subrubs of Phoenix here, right?Well, needless to say the doorman didn't give me too hard of a time getting in as a solo guy (but he sure did TRY at first until I called him out that nobody was in line and the place was near empty).Blah, anyway I played they're stupid game of "exclusivity" and was let in shortly thereafter.What I was greeted with though, was quite humorous.Picture a nightclub, bumping Nelly, filled with nothing but 40 somethings sipping 14 dollar drinks.Now, I'm no expert when it comes to clientele but even I know that this just looked out of place, it's quite strange and damn near VERY uncomfortable to have women your Mothers age pinching your butt while your're trying to order a drink.I can't hate totally though because being a younger guy it can be a really good networking place so, I'll go back....sigh...... but not for a LOONGG time.
3	I'm in AZ for the Labor Day weekend and visited Blue Martini with some girlfriends last night.  I carpooled with a girlfriend that lives in Gilbert and since I was staying in Chandler, it was about a 30-40 min trip to the Blue Martini.  Damn, seems like everytime I come to AZ, it seems to have gotten bigger and bigger.  Ok, when we exited 56th St from the 101N, made a right, and then a left on Deer Valley, I completely drove past the area the club/bar was situated in as it's nestled within an apartment complex and other businesses.  It looked completely dead, but when we went further into the area, things started to look more lively.  There were alot of posers standing about outside, but I guess being that AZ is close to L.A. (CA), it's understandable, haha.We got there around 10:15pm and the Blue Martini was already packed.  There was a live band playing some top 40 hits, and they weren't bad.  However, I wanted to dance and although the live band was nice to listen to, I wanted a DJ to play club hits.  The band wrapped up around 11pm and here comes the DJ!  Drinks here were relatively cheap, when compared with L.A. prices.  The Kami Kaze drinks/shots and red bull/vodka drinks we got were $10 each.  They don't skimp on the alcohol on the drinks at this place, which I appreciate.  The crowd was mostly Caucasian (this is Scottsdale, after all), but there was a sprinkling of minorities, including me and my girls.  As for the age group, it comprised mainly of 30+ men and women...which I appreciate, since I like a mature crowd.  However, there were a few there that were well into their 50s.  Kinda weird seeing people in their 50s looking toned, tanned, with the men in tight t-shirts.  Reminds me a bit of Miami and L.A., which isn't exactly a good thing.Anyhow, Blue Martini is a great spot to chill with your friends...and for hookups if you're into a mature crowd.  Not too much room for dancing, but hey, we make room wherever we go.  ;-P
3	Cool place...we got in free..that's always a plus!Kinda small, although I like the way the bar is set up.I like going out, dancing and having a good time.  But sheesh people lighten up on the skanking.  Dude, some girls dance so raunch! eeks~  Drinks were ok, we left in like 30 minutes.  Would maybe go back.
3	So, I've been here twice.  It's definitely an older crowd, well older than me anyway and I'm in my mid-twenties.  That's not a bad thing, just an observation.  I met a woman who told me that if she was my age again she would not be hanging out at Blue Martini.  Another guy asked me if I was twelve, so you can see why I bring up the whole age thing.  On a side note- I was barely buzzed, so I don't think I was acting twelve.  Another thing I observed, three woman (not girls) dancing on a counter and posing "seductively" for photos.  They took at least fifteen shots of just their butts.  They were some classy bitches. What else, three people confused my male friend for a female.  Yeah, he really needs to cut his hair, he is just too darn pretty!  Seriously, his hair could star in a Vidal Sassoon commercial.  He even scored a ladies VIP card.  Good times.The night was capped by witnessing the saddest drunk I have ever seen.  I thought that maybe I had accidentally teleported to Vegas or Rocky Point, but no, I was still in a parking lot in AZ.  He had his pants around his ankles, a bloody knee and dirt all over his face.  I guess he fell down a few times?  He couldn't get his pants up to save his life, seriously, I actually tried to help him I felt so bad.  He kept mumbling something about medical school.  Ah, the children of tomorrow.  Anyway, someone finally claimed him.  What else?  The waitresses all wear bustiers.  I once went on a Thursday night and they had a live band.  The Blue Martini had a glow stick in it.  The bathrooms are pretty nice.  People will step on you on the dance floor.  I think one guy seriously shoved me out of the way so he could spin his girl.  He was a prick, but I Iet it slide... he was shorter than me.
2	Maybe I just went on a bad night, but I was very let down and a little confused by Blue Martini.   I had been next door to Ocean Prime (which is excellent, by the way) plenty of times, and Martini always looked packed.  "There has to be a good reason for that," I figured, and while I'm in no way a "scene-ster," I just can't resist exploring the hot spots that get the locals buzzing.  Typically there's something great going on, and I don't want to be left out.From the street outside I see expensive cars parked in front, which is nothing new at City North.  My friends and I pass by the crowded excitement on the patio to make our way to the line at the front door.  Entering the building, all hype quickly vanishes.    It's replaced by the realization that the bar itself is extremely average, and the crowd is a hodgepodge (yeah, I said it!) that spans about 40 years.I saw forty-something men shaking it on the dancefloor, or crowding tiny tables drinking over-priced dekuyper-laden martinis, while average-looking twenty-something girls try to catch a glimpse of their money clips.  Welcome to Scottsdale!   But that's not all.  There were at least two tables full of looky loos in their early sixties, and a small bachelorette party getting trashed by the patio.  There were lots of low-key types just chilling with their wine and their friends, and it seemed there were very few people that went there intending to dance all night.  Don't get me wrong...I'm all about diversity.  I was just a little shocked to see why the bar is always so packed; because LITERALLY everyone and their grandmother hangs out there.  I'm used to bars that are known hotspots for older singles or younger singles, or places that are specifically for dancing, or very accommodating to people who want to chill and talk with friends or their date.  Blue Martini is, unfortunately, trying to be a home for all types.  That might seem like a smart idea, but when people look around and see it as an incohesive mess, they realize that Bar X-Y-Z is more for them, because it caters specifically to them.
4	Excellent ambiance.  Fantastic service, even late at night.  Solid selection of martinis.  Helpful and knowledgable staff.  It says a lot when your bartender has heard of Russian Standard Platinum!
2	It was exactly as I expected. Crowded. Full of guys decked out in embroidered jeans, too much cologne, high on testosterone, and bad highlights. The generations did span the horizon, but I couldn't care less about that. If you are charging $12+ for a drink, first off, make it correctly, and secondly, don't leave it sitting in the shaker so long that it's watered down before I've even taken the first sip. My husband and had an attempted pick up by some swingers...interesting. We passed on that thrill, but deemed ourselves cool in that they picked us and our utter hotness, lol... Not that thrilling overall. I'd much rather chill next door at 25 degrees, in a big leather booth with a group of friends downing WELL MADE drinks.
4	I went here for the first time last night. They are promoting an industry night I guess and my Manager grabbed the Bombshells SUV and picked up all us girls so we could party safely. Smack dab in the lovely City North, the bar defiantly has the north scottsdale feel. I walk in and they take us into this roped off VIP area...customer service was incredible. Free Bottle service, Free Appetizers, Free Shots...our waitress had a heavy hand. Think 3/4 booze with a splash of tonic. They had a live band, but it eventually switched off to a dj or something. The crowd was a mix of mid-20 year old all the way to your early 50s. There was one dude totally getting down by himself, he had some short white shorts and a sweatband on his head...can I just say ENTERTAINING! The patio and bar is beautiful. You can smoke on the patio. Nicest bathroom I've ever seen...and the way drinks were coming I saw a lot of it haha.
3	OK last time I had a lot of fun, and it had nothing to do with it being free. It was sincerely entertaining. I went again last night with three girlfriends and sat at the patio bar. The staff is awesome still. Paying this time, the drinks were 8 for my vodka tonic, 8 for vodka cran, and 10 for an adios muthafawker. What you'd expect...north Scottsdale bar. It was dead...but it was a Monday. I guess Mondays aren't so much Fun Days for people anymore. There was so much cock there, all shapes and sizes. I wasn't looking...I never liked meeting guys at bars. Alcohol tends to alter personalities. But anyways since I got to people watch a lot more then last time. The girl to guy ratio 1 to 4. My favorite part was right when me and my friends were finishing...some guy comes up with a big douche comment. It went a little like this...."Hi I'm _____. Is it always dead like this. Me and my buddies at that table own such and such bars all over the US. I've worked with such and such and this and that and blah and blah. Oh wait I manage not own. Have you ever worked in the food and beverage industry because that guy over there is opening up another place. You should come to an after party with us and have some drinks. We can discuss it."UHhhhh Pass.  Need I say, that was a short version of what he said. I kinda drifted mid convo. Wonderful end to an ok night, least I got a laugh. This place has potential and service is still great. We just need some good company in this place. That's the most important thing anyways.
3	Im from out of town and came on a sunday night. The bar was mellow. I enjoyed the ambiance and the bar was lit. The price of drinks were a bit steep. I guess that's how Scottsdale is. I think is much more of a local hangout. If I lived here I'm sure that I'd come here every so often. The bartender was friendly.
3	I live near City North and have been to Blue a few times now.  I will definitely say that happy hour is the better time to go.  The crowd is more diverse and more of the professionals relaxing after work. The food is pretty good and their signature "Blue" Martini is fun.  Fridays and Saturdays are a little different.  Crowded with rhinestone-clad cougars on the prowl and over-cologned men in matching striped button up shirts.  If you have not gone, it is worth a stop just to people watch.
2	What can I say about Blue Martini? This place has become the new Barcelona in my opinion. Cougar Centrale! It is definitely an older female demographic. Now my opinion has been formed by just one jaunt into this place, but I'm sure it's the same on any given night. There will be the older drunk guys dancing with some woman they wouldn't want to be seen with on any other night. Drink prices weren't outlandish which you would sort of expect. There are four bars in this joint. So getting a drink should be easy right? Negatory. It was like waiting for Hailey's Comet to order something. Plus you have to deal with the DB guys muscling their way in trying to jump the line. Overall, if you are desperate for a place to go in CityNorth, this is probably the "classiest" joint there. Not sure I will be going back ever.
3	I have to qualify this review up front.  This is a review from a non-drinker and non-bar-hopper.  I just happened to be there because the team wanted to explore the area near the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.  So, as far as I could tell, it was clean, open, with a variety of seating, a decent-sized dance floor and terrible music.  It was very popular perhaps because there wasn't much in the way of competition around.  It was, as far as nightclubs go, very loud.  I would give the Blue Martini a higher rating if it weren't for the terrible music; 3 stars seems about right because everyone appeared to be pretty happy to be there otherwise.
3	I live next to City North and have been to Blue Martini on multiple occasions.  Happy hour is the best time to go.  The crowd is more of what you would expect for an upscale Scottsdale type establishment. (even though this is actually situated in North Phoenix). The food is pretty great at the happy hour prices. Ranging from your flat breads to lamb chops. They have many martinis on the menu  that are very tasty. (go figure, hence the name right). Wednesday is ladies night (also Cougar night) but Fridays/Saturdays are a more heavily ladened with cougars on the prowl and men cruising the scene ranging from your youngsters looking for a sugar mama and older men in there 50's/60's trying to dress as if they are still in there late 20's, early 30's..  Good place to people watch.
3	Blue Martini... Wow. It is definitely not for us young whipper snappers as all the reviews have said it. The older you are the more you will probably fit in and I am in my mid 30's. Don't get me wrong, everyone was friendly and it was a laid back atmosphere but it just wasn't my type of crowd.With that said, I was there for happy hour and the lobster tacos and their mango martini were both 5 star quality. They leave the martini shaker on your table after they fill your glass I swear I filled up my martini glass 3 times!! It was a small shaker but that shaker sure did hold alot of that good mango martini. Their were big lobster chunks in the two tacos that I had and for the price (being that it was happy hour) it was worth it.We tried to order dessert but they only had one out of the three available which was the white chocolate mousse pie and unfortunately, after 1 bite each, we were not happy with it.  Stephanie, our fantabulous waitress took the pie off our bill even after we said don't worry about it. Needless to say she got an extra few bucks because of it.Not a bad place to go if you are in the area and if you are looking for a younger crowd, you will be sadly disappointed.
3	Blue Martini is not bad, at least its still a classy place in Scottsdale, & the Ghetto crowd has not discovered it so far..lol...You will find many cougars on the hunt in there as well..The music & atmosphere are ok.Now ***FOR THE FOOD*** You must must must try the LOBSTER TACOS there, they are amazing, also the Steak Sandwich is usually excellent if you get it on a day they have fresh bread!! definitley try those two!
2	CALLLLINNNGGGG ALLLLLLLLL  COOOUUGGGGGAAARRSS WELLL GUYS WITH FALSE TEETH TOO   omg   yuck  i have not seen leather thigh high boots in over 10 yrs  lol
3	cougarville!!!!  If you are over 40 and just bought new outfit please stop by here to show it off.  Besides that food is mediocre and drinks are ok at best.....:)  Better off going to old town scottsdale.
3	Lions, and Cougars, and Saber Tooths, oh my! I think plenty of previous reviewers have assessed the clientele that frequent Blue Martini, so I'll try and stick to the entertainment, cocktails, and food. Beverages: A full bar with lots of specialty martinis that run the gamut from classic to schmancy. Personally, I really like the Skinny Bitch, a concoction of vodka, pomegranate juice, and blueberry puree. The price tag may seem steep, but they serve the shaker alongside and you basically end up with 2 big martinis- can't complain about that! Food: Mini Martini Lamb Chops...yum yum yum. A perfectly sized portion of seared rack of lamb with what tastes like a homemade chimichurri. Other menu items include standard bar fare like shrimp cocktail, several flatbread pizzas, artichoke dip, and sandwiches, so on and so forth. Nothing groundbreaking, but nothing unpalateable.Entertainment: Live music followed by a DJ every night, and zero cover charge. Cover bands like The Instant Classics, The Chadwicks, and Rock Lobster are regularly on the lineup. You won't see any edgy new bands here, but it's a fun place to sing along and dance to cheesy tunes ranging from Michael Jackson to Lady Gaga. In a nutshell? There's not much competition for nightlife in the N. Phoenix area. If you're in the 'hood, go with a group of friends you can enjoy and don't worry so much about what the surrounding "wildlife" is doing.
2	Nickname: Blue-hair-tini.  When I was eating at OP last week, I saw a group of five 40-somethings heading in, wearing skirts shorter than any I own.  The mix in that place is so bizzare.  Good for Rose and Blanche for finding a place though
4	Blue Martini hosts "Take The Stage And Be The Lead Singer Of The Band" on Monday Nights. Usually there is a band that sings top 40 but on Monday nights anyone can go up there and sing. My friend loves karaoke and was dying to get up on stage and have her moment so I went for moral support. BTW she rocked! Most bars are dead on a Monday so I was surprised that there was a decent crowd here. No cougars in sight the whole night! The drinks specials aren't that great but you can get $7 specialty martini's or if you go with a group of people you can split a bottle of vodka for $100.
5	"Corsets & Martini's" The Gorgeous Staff are wearing Corsets, so if you mind a Guy "Comparison Shopping", than steer clear. I don't mind Beautiful People or Beautiful Decors,& this Cup over flows abundantly with both. Great Martini's & a Bar Menu that Rocks.I understand this is a Chain in Vegas, Florida, CA, as well as here.I bet they do quite well with all the Eye Candy.I don't know where they found these Beauties, but they look very Minnesotan to me.My Tiara's can't compare to theirs
3	My former boss hangs out here consistently.. he's a creepy dirty old man in his early 60's in an "open marriage" who trolls for women here..ick but the Urban Spoon app picked it so I thought Id give it a shot and keep an open mind.I have so much to say.. but lets start with the decor..At first glance it looks like a Tommy Bahamas, Abercrombie & Fitch store or possible a pottery barn. Plantation shutters , dark wood tables, with nicely carved highback chairs...then there is the ceiling...whick looks like its out of an 80s art show. Black glossy block design with blue and red neon lighting..and a disco ball in he center. Its tacky and ruins any class this place might exude..but that's not all. The waitresses wearing ligh blue satin corsets with black bras...trashy, & far from classy.. it exudes a wanna be upscale gentleman's club and it completely misses the mark. As for the clientele.. Im 38 and I was the youngest patron in there..It was a Sunday and appeared to be AARP night. But as we were leaving it was packing up with overly tanned, overly coiffed Jersey Shore type bikers.It seems there was an auction happening and ther was a "Scott Weiland" look alike going table to table trying to hustle cash out of the patrons for raffle tickets. It was weird and uncomfortable. First.. who carries cash anymore.. Second.. it would have been smart for the waitresses to propose the purchases to their respective tables and have the option to charge their debit card to purchase the ticket..much like you would a gratuity.I have to say the martini selection is extensive and fantastical!! Their food was quite delicious, the service was friendly and for that i would return and the only reason I give it 3 stars..but its the only reason....it seeps an incredibly creepy vibe.
3	Came in with high expectations.Wonderful surroundings, I love the New York concept here. And the area attracts a higher quality of person, which appeals to me.Place was packed on a Friday night of course , drinks were good, lots of attractive people, and a FABULOUS band playing.However, the energy/vibe in the room didn't match the band's energy. There were many 40+ something men going after early to mid 20s girls/women. That resonated throughout the place. I actually walked around the entire venue to see if I "felt" differently, but nope it was all over. Not only that but people were indifferent about dancing in groups with strangers. I was there with my wife and she doesn't really dance so I tried to casually get into a group of 3 or 4 and there was no welcoming. I was disappointed.So we left after maybe 30-45 minutes, probably never to return, unless people start raving about the venue, which will mean either the people changed or new people have discovered it.
3	My uncle used to review movies for his local newspaper and he told me his philosophy was a bit different than most other reviewers. He said he was more concerned with weather or not the film delivered based on how it was marketed.  For example, if it was billed as a horror movie, does it matter more if the acting was great or if it scared the audience? However, if the movie is about a handicapped nun with one leg living in the Ukraine, the acting sure as hell better be great. I feel like my review of Blue Martini should be based on this same philosophy. It's not my cup of tea, but if you are into that scene, it certainly fits the bill. So I will base my review on the premise that Blue Martini is marketed as a singles bar more so than a fine dining establishment. First thing I noticed, the wait staff was beautiful. Our particular server could easily fill in for one of the Kardashian sisters. There was one capable cover band early on, and later in the evening an absolutely fantastic band came on stage. The "Bandaleros" caught me completely by surprise. They were great. The bathroom attendant seemed to have a top shelf variety of gum, cologne, and I just love those clean white terry towels to dry off my hands.There were a bevy of decent looking women. And you know what, most of them appeared to be having a great time. Many were dancing and showing off their wonderful white smiles, particularly after the Bandaleros showed up. No love connection for me, but I'm sure many patrons in attendance on this evening succeeded in that capacity. I did not eat, but everyone else at the table seemed to be enjoying their happy hour apps. My biggest complaint came from the bar. I ordered a rum and coke, and the glass that it came in was the smallest rocks glass I have ever seen. It was more of a tumbler/shot glass.  Don't get me wrong, I wasn't worried about price. I have no problem going to a nice place and paying 8-10 bucks for a cocktail, but please don't make me order another round every 5 minutes! Needless to say, I was ordering tall doubles for the remainder of the evening. I may not be back anytime soon, but I would recommend this bar to anyone who is looking to have a good time with friends, dance, meet a special someone, and if your in the neighborhood (middle of the desert) You will surely find what you are looking for at Blue Martini.
4	I always have fun at Blue Martini and meet tons of people to chat with and the service in general is great, too.  The bartenders are very nice and attentive and I've never had to wait long for a drink.  Even though it can get crowded, I've yet to wait in a line for the bathroom, either.  Speaking of which...I really wish they'd do away with the concept of bathroom attendants.  I think I'm old enough to know how to wash and dry my own hands.  Also, I don't carry cash so it's awkward feeling like a cheapskate when you're anything but and you can't tip the lady.  This was so aptly pointed out by a snotty, awkwardly tall, raven haired patron powdering her nose in front of the mirror.  If I didn't know any better I would have mistaken her for someone who'd just had a sex change or a corpse that had just been reanimated because she had the waxiest face ever.After apologizing to the attendant for not being able to tip, the wax faced tranny rolled her eyes and said, "What?  You don't have any AMERICAN DOLLARS?" I felt she was implying I was an illegal since I am of mixed heritage and am often mistaken for a variety of races.  I'm not sure why white people feel they have to go there.  Isn't being white enough?Not that it was any of her business, but I explained that I don't carry cash.  I also admonished her for rolling her eyes (I was too buzzed to dish out a proper tongue lashing) but she was too busy staring at herself in the mirror to care.  "This is Scottsdale, honey," she shot back, still powdering her face. No, this is PHOENIX, Einstein.  Blue Martini is in Phoenix, not Scottsdale.  And not everyone carries cash to pay by the hour, you freakin' snotty ho.  But it's one of those things you don't think to say until AFTER the fact.Another typical brainless and uneducated Scottsdale fem bot who is obviously geographically challenged.  Hopefully, she'll succumb to makeup poisoning and stay IN the grave.
5	Absolutely the best happy hour in the valley! I am so glad it's just over a mile from my house!Try the half-price lamb chops during HH (if you like lamb). An incredible meal, but also very sharable.One warning: These martinis, even at HH, are really double martinis. Keep that in mind before you drive! (And even if you have a driver, I'd never drink a third!)
4	Only went once; it was me and 3 co workers.  Our tab was well over $1200, we were celebrating.  Our waitress was very nice and they had an 80s cover band playing.
3	My douche-bag detector was off the chart from the moment we got inside... lots of fake people and Asian hookers. It is one of the few places this far north that offers live music and dancing tho (if you're into that). I think I would have enjoyed this more during the week when it isn't as packed and they don't charge guys a cover - I hear they let people sing with the band on Mondays - Live Karaoke anyone?
2	This place has potential. The only complaint that I have is the live band that sings top 40s instead of a DJ doing top 40s. It was weird and put a damper on my mood. This place is DEFINITELY FOR THE OLDER CROWD! I didn't see anyone under 40!! Except for me and maybe 10% of the crowd. Please put in a DJ not a local band!!
2	Come here for the happy hour, the music, the scene - not for the service, which leaves a lot to be desired. Bordering on using the word, terrible. My last visit, it wasn't really that busy, and we couldn't even order a drink. Ordering from the bar worked best; at least they were friendly vs. the very unfriendly server we had. If we're going out and it's up to me, I'll choose another place.
3	So this is the second time I have been to Blue Martini and I just don't see the luster of this place. The food is good not great the drinks are good but way over priced.  I mean I guess if you are looking for a rich old man or rich cougar then this place is for you.  For a person who wants to go out with friends and enjoy my night and not pay $200 for some drinks and a small bite then this is not it.  So go for Happy Hour get half off everything and leave by 7 so you don't get raped by there $11 rum and coke charges in a very small glass with lots of ice.
4	My husband and I went to Blue Martini with a few other couples for reverse happy hour on a Wednesday night. We had an interesting time.The drink and food specials were awesome. Half priced martinis come out to be about 7 bucks but it comes in a huge shaker equivalent to about 2 1/2 martinis. I ordered the mojito martini first, which I wasn't crazy about. And that one didn't come in a shaker for some reason. Hmmmm. But then I ordered the dirty martini. Oh my God. It was probably the most delicious dirty martini I had in a long time. It was topped off with 3 succulent blue cheese stuffed olives. I wanted to lick the glass when I was done.We ordered some half priced appetizers too which were pretty good. Light and tasty, and went really well with our drinks.Service was efficient but cold. Our server didn't seem thrilled to be there but she was attentive until towards the end when we lost her for a good 15 minutes when we wanted our tab. As far as atmosphere... pretty entertaining. Watching drunk middle aged singles interact is always fun. I would not like this place if I were single. Not a really good singles scene for the under 30 crowd.
4	My boyfriend and I made a night of it here, as we had a $100 gift card burning a hole in our pockets. Even with drinks, two appetizers, two entrees AND dessert, we still had only spent a little over half our card's amount. Very impressed by the amount and quality of food we received for our money. Do not miss out on their cheese plate appetizer. Magnificent combination of fruits, cheese and cracker options. Well paired.Our waitress was also very friendly. When she learned it was our first time, she handed me a 'True Blue Lady VIP' card, which entitles me and 3 girlfriends to receive free entrance to Blue Martini on nights when there is cover, as well as one complimentary drink for each of us. That sold me on coming back again.
3	The drinks were pretty good, I'd say a few dollars over priced but still good. I had the seared salmon and it was delicious, but it was not worth the price, for the little amount it was (we went and got a burger after) All in all it was good, but I would probably not go back...
4	Blue is the standby for me and my friends. We always have a good time even though the crowd can be hit or miss. The  happy hour is great the full menu is 1/2 off. If you have a Lady Card you get a free martini before 9 pm 7 days a week (dangerous), The patron age has been a rollercoaster since the open of the SB down the road so be ready  and have a second place in mind if the crowd isn't what you were looking for. The food is better than bar food. the flatbread pizzas are wonderful.My favotire is the Margherita. I also like the lobster salad, the lamb chops, the cheese platter (to share) the bruschetta is delish but you will need a rinse of mouthwash or a piece of gum after it, the GARLIC is the key flavor.The staff are kind and courteous, I have my Bartenders of choice, DJ Noah (check the DJ rotation) rocks the house after 11:30 when the band of the night exits the stage. The Instant Classics are my band of choice there. There are rotationg bands and one secifc one I refuse to listen to, I have left twice because of them, crass and sound terrible. *** Recent changes to the Happy Hour**** inquire online or call first.
4	A great martini bar, with a side of sports and a nice dose of live music. Really liked the band-behind-the-bar set up. A bit expensive (didn't get there in time for happy hour) & kind of a random atmosphere but good times overall.
4	I am so spoiled from the Blue Martinis in Tampa, Ft.Lauderdale & Vegas that really the only negative is that it is rather far from Scottsdale.  Right off the wonderful 101 Loop at exit 39 it has a large, FUN, Outside Patio Bar, ( in addition to two inside bars & dance floor/ tables), that is always full of fun folks and quality staff.  Dallas does a Great job of managing the place and keeping the shots coming.  Happy Hour is a great deal everyday for 4 hours and the only "negative" would be all the older folks get there right at happy hour and take up all the best seats until the prices go up and they thankfully leave.....lol!!!  Superb bands, great fun awaits you every time to stop in!!!........oh yeah, BIG PLUS is a free shuttle bus to take you home if your not "in the mood" to drive!!!....GREAT ADDITION!!!!
3	Very nice happy hour prices and good drinks. Don't go hungry though, menu selection is not big at all. I had a lobster spread and crackers. Needless to say, I'm still hungry. I did have two martinis though. They also have a live band too, but we left before they started performing. I did get my YELP free appetizer, but I had to speak to the manager. I asked the server and she never got back to me. Overall, if I didn't live so far from it, I'd go back for the hour.
4	Hmm, didn't expect to like it very much, but actually. . . . it's not bad.Happy hour runs from 3 to 7 every night and means almost everything on the menu is half-price. I enjoyed a decent vodka martini and shared a charcuterie board with my table. Later came the lamb chops and the hummus plate. All very good.The wait staff is part of the attraction, and attractive they are.Seems like it would turn into a bit of a meat-market and douche palace on weekends, but for this after-work get-together it was a positive experience.
5	This place was fantastic!  My friend is getting married and she lives in Tucson, so we decided to make a stay-cation of it and get a room at the JW Desert Ridge.  I knew of Blue Martini but I had never been there, I thought it would be perfect for the Bachelorette and the location couldn't be beat.  Thankfully I called a few days ahead to ask some questions, and I got JC the office manager.  She was super helpful and was able to reserve us a table.  Good thing too because the place was packed!  From the second we walked in the staff took amazing care of us!  The bouncer Jay was great, he was so helpful and was watching out for us as we partied our way through the bar.  He even helped the Bride on and off the stage when we wanted her to go up for a quick dance.  The band was great, the DJ that followed was great.  Our server Tiara was fantastic, and fun!  The whole experience made our night legendary!  I am so impressed by the service, I plan on returning ASAP for my new Lady Card free drink!  These people truly went out of their way to make our night great and they succeeded, it is much appreciated, and they have earned themselves a loyal customer because of their efforts!!  Thank you Blue Martini you made the best memorable night we all could have hoped for!
5	Not my scene at all but these five stars go to the DJ. I never got his name but he's the big bald guy that rocks the fuck out. In turn, I rocked the fuck out. Thank you.
5	Beautiful location, beautiful decor, good prices at Happy Hour--what more can I say?  Went on a Wednesday as that's ladies night.  And we had heard it was Cougarville then, so I was hoping to see some old broads with gobs of makeup and looking sleezy to laugh at chasing younger guys.  Crud...none of that happened.Good food, good drinks at Happy Hour.  I have nothing to complain about with this place at all.  Kinda ruins my record, but this is really a nice place with every age group it seemed.After 10 pm they had a band playing that played great tunes with great singers.  Couldn't stay any more since we had been there since 4 pm to get a table outside on the patio area, but I would have loved to have heard more of this group playing as they were that good.I love this place and will come back again for sure!  I felt comfortable there even tho I am a geezer with other geezers, and appeared to have everyone from about 30 y. o. to death in the audience.Great, great place to have a drink and relax!  I've found me a new home!!!
2	If you're looking to meet an interesting, sophisticated woman, then look elsewhere. This place is fun to go to with friends but not as a single guy. The crowd is mixed with the over 50s well-represented. The best thing about this place, besides the live bands, are the girls who work there, those behind the bar and work the floor. They're all horizontally enhanced and very pleasing to the eye, but that is about it. I recommend Mabel's if you want an opportunity to meet a beauty with brains to match.
4	Well, the mojito was worth the $12, I have to say!
2	My first and likely last visit at this local meat market ( I mean bar). The only reason I went was out of curiosity and a free drink or appetizer for yelp check in.If you are single, 40's and enjoy a place where you have to scream at someone who is 2 feet away so they can hear you, enjoy  lounge entertainment, this may be the place for you.I do have to say the waitresses are super cute and there outfits are very easy on the eyes. I had the dirty martini with blue cheese olives ( you have to ask for those) It was not dirty at all, so she brought me some olive juice which I shared with another patron.The mushroom and tenderloin flatbread was tasty. The shrimp martini tasted processed, chicken on a stick and tuna was disgusting and were sent back. So, 1 out of 4 appetizers hit the mark? I prefer 3 or 4 out of 4.On a positive note, the mango mojito martini was VERY GOOD. That would be the only thing to bring me back. If you go, I hope your experience was better than mine.Or and one more thing.... Valet parking for $6 bucks for a center that has only a handful of shops open?? SUCK IT! I will drive a block if I have to rather than get !@#^ in the a$$ by paying some douche canoe to park my car when the place is empty.  Cheers...
5	Blue (as my girls and I call it) is my spot. I love it. I can't say enough good things about this place. Starting with the ambiance: it is classy and modern without being pretentious or having the appearance of trying too hard. The set up: I LOVE the flow of this bar, it is circular so you can make your "rounds" with out having to pass the same area twice if you don't want to (say maybe you saw a guy you used to date and you don't want to deal with him complaining that you broke up with him via text...we weren't actually together dude get OVER it!)...I digress...my favorite part is the indoor/outdoor area. Half of the bar allows smoking and is open to the street so it doesn't actually get smoky. Their misters are great at temperature control so I am usually more comfortable in the "patio" area then the indoor bar. Also the place has two BIG bars, huge plus since it gets very busy. The bathrooms (at least for women) are beautiful and sparkly clean. I can't say what a big deal this is to me there is nothing worse than half squatting to pee because the bathrooms are filthy and there are no toilet covers. ew. The attendant is very polite and not in your face like other bars. I think she might know me now, is that bad? he he The drinks: AMAZING. Martinis are my very favorite and they do a fabulous job. $12 they are indeed, but where else gives you the shaker along with the drink? It is really like 2-3 drinks worth. They also have some very delicious and creative concoctions. My fav is the grape crush with the pretty flower as a garnish. The classic dirty martini is delish as well with amazing blue cheese olives. YUM. The food: also AMAZING. I've only ended up nibbling on some snacks friends have ordered but each time it has been delicious. I keep meaning to go for their happy hour to try more stuff. Speaking of happy hour, their HH prices are fantastic. If you are a regular they will treat you like a VIP. I know the manager by name he always gives me a hug and has hooked me up for my special occasions (birthdays, celebrating singledom, etc) The people: diverse and interesting. I love making new friends and chatting with strangers when I'm out and I have met so many great people at blue. Girls get catty with other girls b/c lets face it we're all in competition. The crowd is older and more mature. I am 27 and considered to be young but I have always disliked hanging out with people my own age so it works for me. The music: almost always live, if not there is a DJ that knows how to mix and plays fun stuff. I like that they have theme nights. Best nights to go: Fri, Sat or Wed (wed is ladies night ladies get a free drink coupon at the door and half priced drinks all night long. My favorite bar I've ever frequented. oh, and YES it is a meat market...but um, most of us that are out are single and looking, no? People that talk smack at meat markets are just angry because they don't have luck getting hit on or doing the hitting if you ask me!
2	The area is very nice North Scottsdale. The service was terrible! Met with a group of people who go there every week so the waitress knows the group well. Music fun and good dancing in a relaxed atmoshpere. But,,,,,it was 8:10 and we got up for one last dance before leaving. We had drinks on the table and food. While we were dancing the waitress cleared off the table ! I approached her and ask her why she was taking our food and she said she had a group coming in at 8:30 for the reserved table. I told her we were leaving as soon as the song was over and we finished our food. She was rude, direct and instead of taking care of us she was right and we were wrong!! Unbeleiveable!! I guess thatt what you get from a bar instead of fine dining. I was appalled at her manners! It's definately a low class joint!
4	I checked in here on Yelp and saw there was a coupon for a free drink or free appetizer when you use the Yelp coupon.  Unfortunately, our waitress said no, they are not accepting those anymore.Maybe Blue Martini should make sure that the ad comes down before you stop accepting them.  Not good for business!
4	I was very pleased with my evening at Blue Martini. My visit was for a friend's birthday on ladies night. (Yes, she is a lady) The ambiance and decor were excellent. The stage behind the bar is great, I did not feel the usual Scottsdale-Arizona cheese from Blue Martini. It almost felt as if I were in another city for a moment.  (Then some silicone walked by) The bouncers were welcoming and professional. I did not see one Affliction shirt, the label I detest and see upon Scottsdale commoners. Yes, I know Blue is in The Phx . Our Pocahantes looking waitress was friendly and  attentive. I will return, though I hear City North is struggling.
5	azul thursday...a huge latin vibe experience..every thursday nite no cover 21+..great band from las vegas and dj music...and the service,,was las vegas style 100%
1	Any place that does not allow headwear (like caps or hats) in my mind is segregating out people who have to wear that for whatever reason like religion or for covering up some disfigurement. I knwo several friends that fall under this category. If they are barred from this establishment then I too do not care to patronize it.
4	I came here with about dozen people of varying age from late 20s to 40s.THE LOCATIONHave to switch up my typical order of things, as this place needs a separate mention for its location. If you are not familiar with the area, you probably will not even know it exists. City North looks like an abandoned parking structure/office space during the day and despite driving past the area for the past several years, this year was the first time I found out anything even exists in there and that's only because a friend of mine told me about it.THE FOOD/DRINKSI tried a couple martinis, red bull vodka, scotch and vodka and did not come away thinking that an ingredient was missing or a water founds its way into the drink. The martinis come in a metal mixer in addition to your glass which is a nice touch, but carrying the drink from a bar to friend(s) becomes quite a fascinating adventure. The prices are on the high side, but I figure you are also paying for the waitresses looking good.Late at night when the hunger could no longer be quenched by drinks, my wife and I ordered some sort of a pizza thing that was reasonable priced and sized and was actually tasty. Kudos for having that, although the food menu to me seemed a bit on a skimpy side for things that would be easy to eat late at night and not necessarily sober.SETTINGIf you have a narrow filed of view, the place looks like it can be a part of a nice strip of bars and clubs in a real city. Getting over the fact that 100 feet in any direction the development ends takes a few drinks.By my approximate count, there are two bars, some individual tables inside as well as on the patio and of course the dance floor area which is relatively small. So you have quite a variety of places to be at. For SMOKERS out there, this is probably one of the most friendly places I've been to, as the patio where you can smoke is just about as comfortable as the interior, something to remember when it is 110 outside.SERVICEJoe and Ashley (mostly Ashley) took great care of our mostly ESL pack of drinkers, which must have been quite a challenge, as Ashley gets quite a bit of attention from male patrons due to the combination of the attire all the girls wear at this place and the particulars of her physique.Obviously drunk/rowdy get lead out the door in a hurry and the drunkards that try to get their keys from valet get a time out before getting the car. THE CROWDProbably the most important part of this place to most people that come here. The crowd is very varied in age from mid 20s to entirely-too-old-for-this-place. Noticeable number of lone wolves (like the old drunkard that tried hitting on my wife) and lone cougars (sometimes younger). It would appear that a lot of people come here to hit or be hit on. If you are not into that, bring bodyguards or skip a shower :)OTHERThere was a live cover band at the beginning of the night and while entertaining, the quality of their singing made it seem like karaoke night at first.
5	Had my birthday here with my closest friends. Service was absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was just awesome.
1	Beware!!!! If you are excited to know you got a free drink upon checking in, you will probably be disappointed. They apparantly don't accept the coupon any more. Boooooo
5	Great place went yesterday for the first time i also attended this place when i was in florida atmosphere was pretty much what i expected liked the setting and drinks are reasonable...
4	Loved it! GREAT Happy Hour! 6 apps/3 drinks/ only $47!
5	I recently dined here at the Paradise Valley Chili's location and was so pleasantly surprised by my entire dining experience! It looked to me like there was a new updated look to the entire restaurant.  (I had been there last year) My husband and I stayed for over an hour and the flavorful food came out to us hot and quickly!  I think our server's name was Melissa. Cute smile and very friendly! We will definitely make this our regular stop now, especially after shopping at the mall. Not just because of the food and decor and service, but it was extremely clean, and that's important to me. Thanks Chili's. See you soon!
3	i've been going here since they opened.  they had wi-fi and now they don't?  well...i'm NOT a happy camper.  i'll be searching for HH places that do.   In a place with great drinks and such a classy atmosphere...sorry ..doesn't quite fit.
5	The Service-Very fast and attentitive, doesn't seem like you have to fight your way in and wait long for a drink. The bartenders and cocktail waitresses as I call them, were very cute and full of smiles. They all seem to like their jobs and enjoy what they are doing.Drinks are pricey but worth it for the top shelf stuff. I'm not in much for wells anyways.The Atmosphere- It ranged anywhere from the newly 21's up to the older lost lions. I thought it was a great atmosphere with plenty of pretty girls. You should dress to impress fellas and girls even thought I would have denied jeans. I did see a few nicely seated jeans so I'm not going to deny that you should were them. I met Giovanni who was a very down to earth type of guy. He was part of the live band last night. I didn't get to hang around long enough to buy the entire group a drink, but maybe I'll do that next time around.Overall, I will come back. I'll plan to stay in the area so I can have an even more eventful fun time.
3	I like this place for the location, mostly. It's closer than many places in Scottsdale, but still has an upscale atmosphere. It's usually a random occasion that I end up here, but i have always had a fun time. It's definitely pricy, and there are never any specials when I have gone, so that's why it's just ok. I'm not looking for a dive bar, but give me a break once in awhile, eh?
4	I think their patio is great, excellent people watching. It's always full of scottsdale cougars, makes me feel like I am on one of those Real Housewives shows. The happy hour is a great deal. 1/2 off drinks, 1/2 off appetizers. The martinis are very tasty and always come with the shaker so you get a full drink and not a short pour. I wish City North wasn't so abandoned because it looked like it could have been a nice street. I will go back many more times. P.S. Don't forget to check in through yelp on your first visit for a free drink (which could be about 15$ worth if you order it right).
3	Love the music here! The live band was amazing.  I wasn't amused on the overpriced martinis.  Ladies get in free and guys pay $10.  I will go back just the music!
4	Good live music!  Not the typical Scottsdale crowd.. A little older and mellow but fun and still energetic.
4	Had a great time with my beautiful wife listening to The Instant Classics. Drinks are pricey and menu seems a little limited, but I had a great time. Looking forward sharing Blue Martini and TIC with friends.
4	I read the reviews and came in with low expectations. This actually worked out well because I wound up really enjoying myself. I was not put off by the $10 cover because I was expecting it. The live band was good, I met some cool people and enjoyed a few drinks. I like the setup with the indoor and outdoor area. The inside area is the upside of casual and despite it's location in the Desert Ridge dead zone it feels like a real bar/live music club...perhaps a touch of a Vegas feel? Not too sure but I like it here. Definitely a place to go when you want to get dressed up and go somewhere a little nice. On a scale of 1-10, the attitude quotient from the crowd is about a 4 which is well within tolerance level.That Desert Ridge dead zone is the only draw back. You're probably looking steep cab fare after last call unless you get a designated driver (if you do, pitch in and buy them dinner at Ocean Prime next door).So I'm giving thumbs up. Just lower your expectations and you'll be fine. I'd sure as hell rather part with $10 to get in here than pay a cover to get into Sand Bar.....give me a break!!!!!
4	It's been really difficult for me to find cool places to drink at and dine at in north Phoenix (if you know of somewhere cool, please, please, please leave it in the comments for me), but I had a good time at Blue Martini at CityNorth. I've been to Blue Martini once before for a karaoke night, but I had two huge meals there recently that allowed me to sample a ton of their signature martinis and dishes.Blue Martini is the anchor of CityNorth, a retail and living space that only completed the first phase of its development. Our server assured us the complex would soon be built up again, with more restaurants and shops to come besides the few (Kona Grill, Bebe, Ocean Prime, to name a few) it has now.Not surprisingly, Blue Martini's signature menu item is its martinis. The menu boasts more than 40 varieties and come in just about any flavor you might like.Probably my favorite martini I tried during the weekend was the Caramel Swirl, with Van Gogh Dutch Caramel Vodka, Irish Cream Liqueur and cream in a glass topped with caramel. It was sweet and didn't taste like alcohol, and if you love caramel, it's a no-brainer.The Espresso Martini is almost as tasty, with Grey Goose Vodka, Borghetti Espresso Liqueur and Irish Cream in a chocolate-covered glass. It definitely has that coffee taste.A restaurant favorite is the Bellini, a peachy drink filled with Grey Goose Vodka, Peach Schnapps, peach puree, Chandon sparkling wine and a splash of orange juice. It was fruity and had a tropical vibe to it.I also tried the Tootsie Roll, which tasted like an orange Tootsie Roll pop, and The Perfect Pear, which tasted more sour than pear-like-our table wouldn't recommend that one.Food-wise, we sampled a little bit of everything on the menu. By far, my favorite dish on the tiny menu is the Margherita Flatbread, which had the perfect consistency because it had lots of cheese and wasn't too crispy. This is what I'd get every time if I went back for food.We also tried the Roasted Red Pepper Hummus, which came with fried pita chips. I was not a fan of the pita because it was too thick and hard, and the hummus was just mediocre to me. I felt the exact same way about the Spinach and Artichoke dip, which also came with fried pita chips and wasn't spectacular.We also tried the Baked Brie en Croute, a breid cheese puff over a strawberry cabernet sauce that came with crackers and grapes. It was a really delicious dish-I just wish there was more of it!My friends loved the Sliced Beef Tenderloin.And we all gobbled up the White Chocolate Mousse cake dessert, which was rich and creamy and came with an Oreo cookie crust and white chocolate and whipped cream.While the food and drinks were great, I'd try to go during happy hour if you could, since cocktails are all half-off from 3-7 p.m. daily, and food is discounted. Most martinis cost around $12, and food generally ranges between $10-$20, so this is definitely the best time to go. Sit on the heated patio, which has some sports televisions to check out, or head inside to the cozy, sleek sports bar lounge.
3	3.5 starsFriday night free for ladies, $10 cover for guys. I had an awesome time people watching! Cougars breaking it down and battling each other on the dance floor, stage... Anywhere they can get up and shake it! The cover band that night was awesome (SmashT). Ordered the sex and the city martini, cookies n cream, and a mojito - all made well. Typical blue martini prices for the drinks (~$13)
4	Best martini I have ever had! I have tried a few different ones on the super long list to choose from but Triple Chocolate is my favorite! They give you the martini glass and the shaker. This is great for two reasons. One - you get more martini than can possibly fit in one glass. Two - they don't fill it to the brim so you can actually walk around with your martini glass without spilling and wasting the delicious beverage.Make sure when you are leaving you ask for a True Blue Lady VIP Card. (If you are a lady that is...) Next time you go, just show your card at the door and you get a ticket which is good for your first martini on the house. A free $12 delicious martini? Yes, please!!!The food here is tasty. The flatbreads are good. So is the spinach dip.They do play the music a bit too loud in the bar for happy hour. It makes it hard to hear the person right next to you. So just sip your martini and people watch.
3	I have to bump my rating down a star. Yes, as you can tell by my previous review they have a pretty good happy hour. Decently priced drinks and yummy nibbles. During the happy hour the crowd isn't too bad either.But holy hell, I would give this place 2 stars based on their late Saturday night. Wow, what a hot mess.First of all, long wait to get in. But if you are a disgusting middle aged man driving a BMW with a head to toe surgically enhanced Barbie doll on your arm... well you get right in. Once you are in you are stuck in a sardine can full of half of the geriatric population of Scottsdale. It is almost impossible to move. Several times I got groped by a 50 something with hair plugs celebrating his 4th divorce. There are bouncers on every corner yelling at people to keep walking and not block the walkways.Bartenders were nice enough, but the quality of the drinks were inconsistent. My dirty martini was not nearly as good as last time and they lacked those lovely blue cheese olives I enjoyed so much. My husband's mojito was pretty good but I ordered a gin concoction that was so heavy on the gin I could barely finish it. I do love strong drinks but I like to be able to taste the other ingredients. The worst part about the drinks was the price. $13 a pop! Yikes. The crowd. Oh the crowd. The good news is I now know there is life after the age of 50. I just have a hard time picturing my sweet little mom in a place like this. When some of the 80's songs started so did the gyrating. I heard Viagra bottles popping everywhere...Yes we will be back for happy hour. But on a weekend night? Never again. Never ever.
5	My fiancee and I go there all the time. Their mango martini's are the best. Their women's VIP card is awesome.
4	I really liked blue martini! I just wish i could afford to hang out here! The drinks were about 10 to 15 dollars each! Crazy expensive for me...but they all were very yummy! I had the seafood dip while we were there too and it was amazing!! The crowd there is more of an older crowd( probably because people in the twenties cant afford it) I felt that our group was the only young people there. They had a band which was awesome that played behind the bar! it did take awhile to get a drink but they were very busy, i felt like the staff did what they could.
5	First of all I have to say the chocolate martini was Great. The prices are a little steep but you definitely get what you pay for. We happened to show up on their live band karaoke night and I have to say it was fantastic! Everyone was personable and nice. The waitress was also amazing. Looking forward to coming back next Monday!
5	GREAT, GREAT, BAR, Fantastic Patio, A little Warm, BUT Great Service, Drinks and Food! Tan United and TUC (TU Collection) Gives Blue Martini 2 Thumbs Up, an A++ and % Stars! OOH Probably one of the Best Shrimp Cocktails and Crab Cakes I have EVER had and I lived In Ft, Lauderdale in the past! Greeted Immediately, Staff Friendly, Funny and Nice, NO ATTITUDE what so ever,  Really a Pleasant and nice Afternoon in North Phoenix! Second Location recommended in the Emerging downtown Phoenix!
5	Finally! A place that has live music, delicious cocktails and people my age!! I had tried to go to the clubs in Scottsdale...damn, too much indie music, head banging stuff and young people jumping up and down (not called dancing)! Big mistake... I have been looking for a great place to go and drink, dance have a nibble or two and this place is it!! Have been back a few times and will keep going back just to be able to go to a nightclub that I can relate to. I am 50+ and still love a good time!
1	This place is terrible, I have been here twice and I do not plan to come here ever again. The valet crap is a joke, everyone wants to flaunt their "so called" money and cars pffff! The guys at this place are douche bags, I think women have more luck meeting a "real guy" at a gay bar. lolThe bartenders are overbearing and slutty, the 2 times that I have been here, I have seen numerous bartenders slip phone numbers to married men right underneath their wife's noses! I mean come on!I have to say this place really sucks, tons of fake, fake, fake people. This place is nothing but a competition to the most elite, superficial,  people of the world  The ultimate epitome bar of Scottsdale hands down.I give it 2 thumbs down
2	Can you say over priced, pretentious bullshit. This place blows. Tiny drinks, way high cover for guys, and attitude so thick you have to cut with a knife. Fuck this place, there are plenty of better choices in the Valley.
4	Nice spot for watching games and listening to live music.
4	I've been here many times, but only on Wednesday nights.  Why?  Because my coworkers love to come here for Ladies Night.  It's a fun night to people watch.Tucked away in the City North development, the location is less than ideal to drive a lot of traffic.  So, it takes a lot of work to get people out here on a regular.  On Wed nights, they do a great job of doing that.The place gets packed and you have to get there early or make reservations to snag one of the comfortable, padded chairs/table setups on the 2nd level with a great view of the band/dance floor.The party atmosphere on Wednesdays is pretty cool, especially for Phoenix which is typically dead all of the time.  A mid-week party like this is rare.We've dined here a few times.  The Margherita Flatbread and Burger are both pretty good.  The food isn't why we come here though, so it's always an afterthought for us.The staff here is really attractive and can keep up with the pace of a nightclub atmosphere, so the service levels have always been high for us.Overall, a fun night out.  We'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 100%
4	First off in response to some of the complaints about cover and drink pricing; 10.00 isnt bad, if your pinching pennies then yes. Drinks arent that bad, bottle domestic should not be 6.50 though. As far as the women, fairly approachable when there are women present. It seems as of recent its been a sauage fest.
4	I have only been to the Blue Martini for happy hour. All of thier drinks (ALL!!!) are half off for happy hour (normal price is $14 for a martini). Their martinis are excellent. The happy hour food is good, too. I had chocolate martinis and almond martinis - both great. We sit out on the patio - they have heaters in the winter - They apparently allow smoking at the patio bar - there was a patron who was chain smoking... not annoying enough to take away from the experience, though. I doubt we will ever go for dinner, but the happy hour prices are fantastic enough to keep us coming back on Friday afternoons.
4	Always a nice place to end the evening: nice music, cool crowd and eye poping waitresses. Busy during the week as well. Very original martinis.
4	Save your $$ and don't valet - huge self-parking lot to the east!Love this venue - it seems to always be packed, which is a good sign. They had a live band on Friday night which was fun. Seating/tables are scarce - I suggest coming a little early - or make friends w/ppl who already have a table.Drinks are a bit pricy, IMO. I mean $36 for a dbl Gray Goose/Cran and Cosmo?? Plus I threw in $3 for a tip - that's $40!!!! JeezBathrooms are also clean - this is very important to me. They may want to think about getting better signage for restrooms - maybe it's just me, but I felt it was a small treasure hunt finding the place.
5	I love, LOve, LOVE this place! It reminds me of the old Barcelona and has become my home away from home. Dimly lit and all sexy. This is the place to see and be seen. With numerous themes and give aways nightly. A friendly mature crowd inhibits this space, so your sexy dress up clothes are encouraged. PLUS, I have yet to witness or be groped by the disgusting rump humpers. (you know what I'm talking about, ladies...) But instead, have had many a good conversations and made some very good friends here. (Maybe they are catching on to my celebrity status as a regular.. I mean Valuable VIP?? ...Nahh! Hehe)Parking can be a challenge and the door can cause a delay, so plan for it. But, once inside makes for a super cozy almost Miami cabana feel. Imagine complete strangers brushing up against eachother 'accidently' in passing and lovers nuzzled up close, lost in conversation and laughter surrounding this large, open, and well ventilated covered patio area containing the massive granite top bar with flat screens dotted along the walls. Inside, are two equally large bars, where live bands take to the stage and perform. The only downer is that the dance floor is on the smaller side and gets very packed! But, if shake it space is limited, there are also pole tables to get up on!TIP: To create your own space and get pampered, reserve a table in the VIP section, you will not be disappointed!The waitress and bar staff probably model in their spare time, because they're GAUWGOUS!! I love the uniforms! But, their service is superior and the drinks are STRONG! They have never let me down, as I have tried almost all of the martinis and mixed drinks, everything has it's own personal finish; edible orchids; apple slices; graham cracker crust rim; gummy bears; glow sticks whatever you want they have it! PLUS, the shaker on the side of your martini will keep the contents cold longer on those hot Arizona nights (they will even make you an alcoholic 'looking' (although, non-alcholic) drink for a fraction of the price! HH is the best time to get in and try their specialty drinks and food. The Margherita and Beef Tenderloin & Portabella flatbreads are a great choice and I am in love with their Fruit and Cheese Plate it's huge and could easily be shared at least 4 ways!Thank you Blue Martini for coming into our lives. Keep up the good work I am totally a fan!
4	I do like this club but only on occasions - very loud and very crowded but I went early on a weekday and the manager hooked me up with a free salad! He was really nice and made sure he knew my allergies and need for GF meals. I have met friends there but when it is so loud that you cannot talk it isn't that fun to me.
5	I you live in this area and you love live music this is the place to be on Sunday nights. No spoiler alerts here just check it out for yourself.
4	This place has been the anchor of the City North development. During this time, the have one of the best Happy Hours in town, with strong drinks and a great selection of appetizers all fairly priced. Big crowd on Friday's so get here early for a table.
4	Great atmosphere!FUN place!Drinks are kind of pricey so wouldn't make this a regular spot, but I had a great time.
4	The visit on this past Saturday night was worth it just to hear a band with an actual horn section.You don't hear horn sections with lounge acts in Phoenix. Amazing! It was like I was at the Dunes in Vegas in 1969. There are uniforms in use by not only the servers but also the patrons. Women are required to wear enough eye-makeup to cause them to resemble raccoons from a distance. Something resembling prom wear is also required. Men are to wear fitted dress shirts worn with the tails out and slightly-flared designer jeans with embroidery of some kind.These are the uniforms required for the flirting activity, which to the outside observer resembles groups of women chattering with each other while men stand alone while holding drinks and looking "hard" and not talking to anyone.  Apparently, at some time in the past these maneuvers have resulted in the occasional successful sexual encounter, but perhaps not since its practitioners were in high school.
4	I visited Blue Martini pretty early on a Friday evening. I liked the way you had the option of being inside or outside in the open air area. It wasn't too crowded, and we were able to find a table in the outside area for people watching quickly.We ordered drinks and appetizers. It took at least an hour for one of  the apps to arrive. Someone must have forgotten about it somewhere along the line, and our server did us the favor of taking it off of the bill. The drinks were well-balanced and I sampled a signature cocktail one of my friends ordered, which was very good.I was with a good-sized group, so I wasn't as put off as the other reviewers by the other bar-goers who may have been on the hunt.
3	The live music was great... I think that was the highlight.  I really liked the layout and design of the place.  Drinks are very stiff which is a plus for most.  Anddd that's about it.I just feel like there are better places to go on a Saturday night if you're in your twenties.  Definitely a cougar bar... but that's okay.  Cougars need to drink too.  But when you start dancing on tables and knocking the decor over, it's probably time to put your overpriced martini down, Mom.
5	I visited the Blue Martini on a Saturday night, We arrived about 7ish and found a table with a wonderful view of the band. I must say, this is the place is always my first choice when I am in Phoenix. The servers are very friendly, attentive, and provide perfect drink recommendations. The security staff keeps a close eye on the crowd and ensures everyone safety without compromising a great time.  The martinis are cold, strong, eye catching and worth every penny. (for those who say they are too pricey I believe buffalo wild wings has cheap martinis, you may want to try that place).  The food is also highly recommended, I have sampled just about everything they offer and I don't think I have ever ordered anything that I did not enjoy. If you are in the area you should stop by, happy hour pricing is great and if you like them on Facebook/Twitter you will see when they post specials and super fun events.   Bottoms up my Phoenix loves!
3	The vibe here was definitely something to take in.  It seems Old Town Scottsdale is more for the kids now, while North Scottsdale is for the big boys.  The bar itself had a very mature, upscale look to it as most of the crowd was probably 30 and up.  I was expecting more of a wait in line at 1030 on a Sat night but surprisingly we got in pretty fast.  The live band they had playin was jammin and the dance floor was packed.  Some of the cougars/moms/teachers were getting a little out of control on the tables, but hey they were havin a good time.  Overall, not a bad place to go once in a while, but not a place id frequent on a regular basis.
1	Beware! Place has become pretentious. Cover for women now and expensive drinks.
4	I love this place and we usually go here every weekend. But I just HAVE to say something about what the women wear-- who thought this outfit was a good idea? It's so terrible it drives me crazy every time I'm there. I don't get it. If you're going to wear a corset, wear a freaking corset... but it's better to add a totally visible black bra too? What?! Who picked this shit out!?The blue sweaters-- aghhh take me back to the 7th grade I guess! I understand there are multiple locations and everyone must wear this but I'm BEGGING the owners to please think of updating the "uniforms" these poor girls must wear. They are so disgustingly awful I can't even get over it. (clearly because I just wrote an entire post about it!)
4	They have a good variety of drinks, but they are really pricey. It's reasonable during happy hour though. Plus we are part of the VIP Ladies Club so we get a free drink each time we come! The ambiance is nice, but it's a total cougar town at night. I always get the Pink Passion Martini and the steak flatbread.
4	I went to Blue Martini last night and had such a great time.  Sundays is R&B/Soul night.  The live band Reminisce was AMAZING!  They took me back home to NYC with the live band lounge experience!  It was a good diverse crowd and everyone was enjoying the music!  I ordered the margherita flatbread, a caramel martini and the apple tart for dessert.  Everything was tasty.  They make the drinks kind of strong and appreciate the fact that they leave the shaker at the table with plenty more to consume!  The lounge itself is really sexy and I imagined coming here for a date night or perfect for hosting an intimate party.  I don't know about the other nights, but If you love live soul music, definitely come out on a Sunday night.
1	I waited a few days to write this to contemplate how I feel about my experience at Blue Martini.   I don't go out much, as I have two small children and prefer spending time with them.  My sisters--in-law both decided to surprise me for my birthday, arranged to have my mother-in-law watch my kids, and took me out to Blue Martini.  It was a Wednesday night (Ladies' Night).   I've heard the rumors about cougars etc., but the bar was not very busy.  We didn' t care - we weren't there to meet people, just relax and have a good time.  We sat at the bar so we could have front row seats for the band that was performing, and I have to say, the band was awesome!  Best part of the whole evening.  We ordered drinks, and the bartender gave us great service, although that might have had something to do with the color of my sister-in-law's AMEX, who knows.  The reason I have to give this place one star  is the clientele, and the fact that my cell phone was stolen while I was there.  As I mentioned, we sat at the bar all night.  I used my phone to have the bartender take our photo, so I know the last time I had the phone.   I would like to think it was a customer that took it and not an employee, but I can't know for sure - all I know is a really nice phone is gone, with photos of my kids that cannot be replaced, and no one turned it in.  I tracked it the next day to downtown Phoenix at Washington and Central.  That rules out the phone being "lost."  I have lost sleep over this, and for a bar that is supposedly sophisticated with high end service and clientele, I should not expect that my property will be stolen while I'm there.  Not only can the photos not be replaced, I definitely can't afford to get the phone replaced.  When I called to inquire about it, I didn't get anywhere, and so now I've decided to file a police report.  A place that boasts high-end clientele and people need to resort to stealing someone else's phone?  I think not.So, if you go to Blue Martini, be on your guard.  It may be considered "upscale," but that doesn't mean the clientele and staff are honest.
3	Girlfriends bachelorette party was here. It was on a Saturday night and it was crazy packed. The band is insanely loud but cool, I guess. The guy with long blond curly hair is a sight for sore eyes. He was my entertainment the entire night. Well, him and all the over 40 guys lurking around circling any available meat. 30 bucks for 2 drinks and 150.00 for bottle service. Might do happy hour during the week but not my kind of crowd on a Friday & Saturday night.  It was ok. Meh.
5	This place never disappoints! The ladies are sweet and attentive, even when busy (it's all about communication). Food was great - I had the lobster salad. Also nice to have live music on a Tuesday :)
3	I've been here many times with my girlfriends for happy hour and drinks.  I'm not sure if they still have them, but I got a free Ladies VIP Card that gives you 1 free drink every time you come.  I would always get a Dirty Martini extra dirty!  It was quite large, but after your free one they are expensive.  The food on happy hour is great and pretty cheap.  I've also been here late at night for a birthday party and had a lot of fun.  The band was great and fun to dance to, but the drinks were very expensive.  It's a great place to people watch for most people get very dressed up to mingle!     I'd come back here for some happy hour specials.
4	This place is very classy,neat and clean. My organization invited us to come here during a conference.  A live band was performing and they were extraordinary! The ambiance was over the top. I will return the next time I come to Az from Ca.
4	I honestly love Blue Martini - they have some insane Martinis (fly me to the moon anyone?!), their appetizers are insane and if your a chick and a member of their ladies only club you get a coupon for a free martini! Service has always been top notch and they have live music which is a plus!
3	Excellent Dirty Martini! Service just ok. The service could definitely be improved! Our waitress is making us feel as if were putting here out!
2	I'm sorry but I feel absolutely sick from the cigar smoke coming in the doors here from their patio, headache too!I must say I'm very impressed with how John the proprietor and owner responded to my comment in such a positive way! Worth another try.... Thanks!
3	At the age of 34, it's been a very long time since I've been to a club where I felt like I was one of the youngest people in the place.  Seriously.  I wish I had discovered Blue Martini when I was younger and single.  My friends and I would've had a ton of fun breaking things up and hanging out with the mature crowd.  If you want to go cougar or sugar daddy hunting, or if you are older and looking for a middle aged scene, Blue Martini is a target rich environment.A $10 cover, in a part of town that isn't really known for its night life is a big put off.  However there is usually a band playing, and I think if you get in early enough, there is no charge.  Also, if you're looking to save money on your tab, Local Dines has a $40 for $20 gift card on its website  (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).
4	Not a bad place would come check it out again . The music was the best pArt of the whole place . Drinks are super expensive must have deep pockets to enjoy this place .
4	I came here on a Friday night around 11 and the party already started! There's a huge disco ball above a relatively standard size dance floor with some strobe lights coming from the bar, also hitting on the live band playing cover songs from the 80's to now - mostly rock and pop songs. The crowd was everything from mid 20's to late 50's. My friend and I easily got a spot by the bar which was nice. Although there was a lot of free seating inside and outside. Inside there are two bars, one underneath the platform of the live band/stage and another bar in the back where it's quieter and away from the dance floor as well. There's also a third bar outside, a huge one at that, with lots of seating at and around the bar. The food was phenomenal, shared the Beef Tenderloin and Apple Tart ala Mode. My friend had some drinks which tasted great. But both the food and drinks are extremely pricey. To get in, the cover for ladies was $5, which I found funny since it's more of a restaurant anyway than a nightclub like Maya or Mint in old town haha. There's tons of police at the front which was comforting. The bathrooms were stunning, granite and marble throughout and extremely clean! Overall, very lavish - more so than the restaurant itself, haha.  The bartenders and staff were very helpful even though they were immensely busy they made sure to come back and check on you - even though it seemed like they didn't have the time to, but they did anyway, lots of points there! Overall it's a nice place, even for dancing. But it's also more chill and relaxed than a traditional dance club or nightclub because it does serve food and has more seating and areas for conversation rather than investing in a large dance floor (more of a makeshift let's move some tables out of the way). A cute transformation of restaurant gone nightclub. Honestly, I think Sandbar at Desert Ridge does a better job of this, but if you're looking for something more "high end" this is where it's at and it's not far from Desert Ridge, it's in City North which is 5 minutes away.
3	Went tonight for happy hour. We always like the fruit and cheese plate and flatbreads. Tonight food was better than before, but waitress couldn't be bothered. She was too busy flirting with the 60 year old dudes who had just come off the golf course, to get me my second drink in a timely fashion. I admit I have no patience to begin with, but lousy service really grinds me gears. We left and went down the street to Ocean prime for dessert.
3	My friend and I dropped in for cocktails and to listen to the band on Wednesday night.  Loved the martinis and the music.  I am knocking off two stars because our server was arrogant and unfriendly.  No smile, no greeting.  She brought the check faster than she took our drink order.  We all have bad days, but servers should leave their attitudes at the door prior to their shift.
4	Some friends and I wanted to go out somewhere where we could sit & have a good drink and chat, with the possibility of dancing. Blue Martini worked out perfectly. Our martinis were delicious and generous.  We were able to find a table easily and, bonus!, they serve food til 1. There was a band playing a variety of music- Journey, Kei$ha, Alanis Morisette. The DJ played great stuff during their breaks, too. Our server was nice & pretty attentive. My only complaints are that it was super loud, even in the back. But I do realize that complaining about noise at a club/bar makes me sound crotchety (so be it). Also the hummus platter we ordered was waaaaay too salty. The crowd is strange in a Real House Wives of North Phoenix kind of way. I wasn't there to talk to anyone but my friends, though, so I enjoyed the people watching opportunity. I recommend this place if you're looking for something more chill than old town or Tempe but still want to have fun and feel like you're ~out~.
3	Lollipop Lamb Chops, with fingerling potato's with a mint sauce was very tasty. Also, BBQ Chicken flatbread was good too; albeit the edges were a bit burnt. My lady had one of those lo-cal drinks called, "Not-A-Lotta-Colada." Great taste of Bacardi pineapple fusion, coconut water, shaved coconut and coco real. I gave this location 3 stars because of the burnt flatbread, and because our waitress seemed unconcerned and said thats how it comes out sometimes. Well I don't agree, as brick ovens won't even char that much. So, between the burnt edges on the flatbread and the waitresses attitude for my concerns, I felt 3 stars was appropriate.
1	Live within walking distance so we thought we would try happy hour.... Could have a had a better thought.  The bartender spent the entire time chatting with an old co worker about some girl and things that can't be repeated on here.  We ordered a $15 split on which he served warm ( bar back told him it was warm) he told his co worker to spin in ice a couple times.  When I said it was warm he acted surprised and added ice to my glass.  After being told several times we were going to order food and more drinks he never asked us if we needed anything because he was too busy talking to old friend.  Saw other customers trying to get service but no go.  Unfortunately we had to disrupt his conversation to ask for our check... Went to Kona to eat and drink.   Never assume.
2	I've been here several times and it gets less and less fun every time.  Primarily due to the deteriorating clientele and over priced drinks.  $27 for 2 margarita plus the cover charge?  Mmmm...the drinks aren't THAT good!Plus, it's actually a swingers' bar and because of that there's always about 4 sleazy men for every woman.  The outdoor patio is full of smoke so forget about enjoying any fresh air.The music is pretty decent...soooo 2 stars.
1	Visiting from San Diego. Went to the Blue Martini on a recommendation.   No flip flops......Are you kidding me.  What kind of establishment is this place. Flip flops are part of the American Dream.Comfort is not their concern.The mob security at the front door is pretty impressive for wannabe cops.Stay away
3	I take a date every week or so.  The food is excellent and comes out very quickly.  I love the seared Ahi Tuna, crab cakes and Lamb lollipops.However, when seated at the bar, the last several times, the scantily clad bartender, was too busy talking to friends and guys trying to hit on her.  Service was essentially non-existent.I love the Friday night band, excellent music. I am going there tonight (sat) lets see if its as good as Friday. 3 and 1/2 stars,,,if service at the bar was better it would have been a clean 4 or 5
1	Love the atmosphere of this place, but the service SUCKS. Just when we thought it couldn't get any worse. We come here every Monday to listen to our friends play acoustic during happy hour. Up until this past Monday (5/19/14), we could put up with the horrible service, but when there are only four tables seated and you have to wait for over 10 minutes to put in your first drink order, should've been a sign of things to come. We could see the waitress peeking around the pillar at us and then go back to her conversation with her coworkers. The waitress was fairly new because I remember meeting her last week, but they are all the same. Our food order was taken just after our drinks were delivered and still had not arrived after 45 minutes ( it never takes that long). She informed us that it would be right out but still never came. After sitting there with empty glasses for 20 minutes we decided to close our tab. We were there a total of 90 minutes. We will never be coming back to this place again.
4	Unlike others, I like the place actually. I've been here several times. All my experiences have been positive. Good place for private parties; they have three bars! Prior to this visit, I hadn't been to the Blu since Feb/Mar... I decided to go to ladies night (Wednesday). The band was setting up when I arrived.  I inquired about the genre of music. And what do to know, it's COUNTRY! Is it my birthday?!  I lOVE country music!!! (Next Wednesday I'll wear my boots!) I ordered the caprese salad which was as delicious as I remembered it to be. I also ordered the BBQ chicken flatbread. Ewe! It came to the table burnt to a crisp! I mean, really?! I'm by no means high maintenance and will eat whatever is put in front of me without complaints; but not tonight. This was unacceptable! I told the guy as he was placing it on the table, "this is extra crispy!". His reply, "that's the way it comes". BS! I said to myself! I've had good flatbread from here before and it didn't come torched like this! Even the stranger sitting beside me commented on its appearance and suggested that I return it. No sir, I know what happens when you send stuff back!. The waitress walked pass and the stranger quickly pointed out my problem. The waitress took the dish and within minutes I had freshly, properly prepared BBQ chicken flatbread. Blue Martini rocks!Thursday is Latino night and Sunday is R&B. Reminisce (band) plays that night. They take you way  back, then bring you forward! Good night to find some chocolate too. ;-)
4	Place have something going on every night of the week! Three bars, food, band, and DANCING!
1	Dear blue martini:You're a bar, not a dance club, not a music venue, not anything special! So why the hell do you charge a cover and inflate your drinks to levels where I feel like I could have purchased an entire bottle for the cost of one rum and coke???Mayyyyybe if your wait staff was on the caliber of old town and mayyyybe if the average age of the girls I'm about to meet wasn't 40+ I'd raise this rating to a 2, but common, really?The live band is a nice touch if you're into 1970's style lounge lizard vegas performers.  This review will without a doubt fall on deaf ears but oh well, the people have a right to know.  Thanks yelp for being the only place north scottsdale checks on where to go out.  As for you, the owner, you pretentious Gordon gekko'ish sommmamabish, I hope you're laughing it up knowing I paid $88 for 4 drinks.  Here are the words out of your mouth: "gotcha"
2	Expensive, but what do you expect from a lounge in North Scottsdale. The staff is all these pretty little fake looking girls(and guys) who are snobby as hell. I don't recommend going here
3	Great place for fun.  Plan on speaking up but they usually have good bands and their 80's band is out of this world!  Food is pretty good but won't knock your socks off.  Ladies sign up for a VIP and always get your first drink free before 9.  Fellas get a strong drink or a craft brew because even the domestics are pricey!  Bottom line if you are a hunter (cougars) or you are bored come here.
1	Can I give ZERO stars. Worst service in all of Scottsdale, AZWent here for a birthday party, decided on VIP table. The service was the worst, wait staff couldn't get orders right. When you told them the order was wrong they wouldn't apologize for the mistake, they would blame it on someone else. Not a friendly staff employee in the place. No professionalism what so ever. Security was rude. Folks were taking pictures and one person turn his hat around to take the picture and security snapped like a little dog. Didn't politely say I'm sorry it's the restaurant policy - just snapped and threatened to throw people out. Food was cold and not tasty at all. The only positive I can say about this place was - Good Band. I would never return.
1	So we went to Blue Martini this evening for a friend's birthday.  There were 12 of us and the reason we picked this venue was because the band, Daisy Train, was suppose to be playing.  They are an awesome band and we all thought this would be such a fun night!  Daisy Train was advertised on Blue Martini's website AND when we called Blue Martini they said that Daisy Train was playing.  ALSO there was a sign in the entrance saying that Daisy Train was the band.  Well......low and behold they were cancelled over 2 weeks ago and Blue Martini still advertised they were the band.  Any how, another band played, ok, but not the same.  Very disappointed.  In addition, on Blue Martini's website they advertise that ladies who wear all black on Wednesday's receive a complimentary glass of champagne and an entrance into a drawing.  When we asked the waitress for the champagne, etc, she said "Oh, they no longer do that"!!!  Why the h*)! would a venue like this NOT keep their website updated?  Customer's these days rely on the web to plan their outings and get togethers.  I sure hope the Manager realizes how much business they will lose in the future because of the lack up keeping customer's up to date, whether on the website, calling or signs advertised in front.  ALSO, be aware that they DO NOT accept Groupon's for happy hour prices.  If you use a Groupon it must be FULL menu prices, which are obviously overpriced in the first place for what you get.  And Manager, teach your waitresses to act like they like their job and at least smile!
2	Went with a couple of girlfriends on Sunday night.  The music, fantastic however the service was not so!  One must mortgage their house to pay for the overpriced drinks that are in glasses so small they could pass as shot glasses.  Our server, rude is putting it mildly..  Samantha (Sam) was slow and rarely checked back with us as she spent most of her time chatting with her coworkers at the end of the bar.  I asked for Disaronno and she laughed with a sarcastic attitude and said she never heard of it.  She never offered to find out if they have it and asked what else could she get instead.  Every time we asked her a question she couldn't hear us because she was wearing earplugs.  Hmmm,  you're working at a place that offers live music, DUH. I'll be back for the music but will not be served by Sam.
2	Where stereotypes come to live, play, and creep.I. Feel. Dirty.
3	It's alright. I like coming here during the weekdays where it's more mellow and relax with the cheeseboard (that's a five star cheeseboard!) and a bottle of wine.I stay away on Friday and Saturday nights when it gets packed! It's very pretentious but coming from NYC I am kinda used to that. I'm not okay with men old enough to be my dad trying to hit on me the moment my husband leaves for a few minutes to use the restroom. Seriously dudes NOT COOL.
1	If you like drinking pretentious drinks and eating mediocre food at rather high prices, all servied by scantily-dressed waitresses with HUGE attitudes and poor manners -- this place is for you. I, on the other hadn, will go elsewhere next time
2	Have not been here in a about 15 months n now I know why. This place has gone way downhill. Still a nice atmosphere but the crowd is totally trashy and not a good scene in my opinion. And $16 for a small martini is a rip off. For that price you can get 2 martinis or a bottle of premium vodka. You decide.
3	They definitely have a great happy hour.  Our apps (shrimp and hummus) were tasty and my drink was beautiful but somewhat disappointing.  Our waitress was nice but it felt like she was just waiting for us to finish things so she could get them off the table.  We sat in the bar and it was extremely loud.
5	Had my Birthday party here Saturday night with 16 of my friends. First I have to say Thank you to the lady that organized everything, we communicated by text messaging, she sent me pictures of where I wanted to sit, I did get bottle service. She was very friendly and accommodating!!! Then we got there Saturday, walked right in VIP, did not stand in line or anything (with other joints you do have to wait at least 20 min, even though you got a table reserved) Kyle the manager sat us down, we got drink right away, he was very nice & kept checking on us during the night, even though we had our own waitress that served us drinks all night. Music was REALLY good! The band was great, but the who ever the DJ was he was AMAZING, kept spinning nice hits, we were dancing non-stop... overall amazing time!!!Yes there were creepy OLD guys (I'm 30!) that sat right next to us and were watching us on how we dance, but I really felt protected because we had 2 bouncers right next to us, kind of watching over us just to make sure, the creeps don't start anything!!! I mean all those people complaining about the creeps...listen you are at a club, what do you expect? Obviously they can't control who goes there...so STOP complaining and just have a great time! We will definitely be back!!!
4	Over a good time at the Blue Martini Lounge. The dance floor could be more spacious. The bands are usually pretty good. The out door patio, the indoors upstairs separates the bar area and the stage is behind the bar which is unique in itself. Pricey drinks but the food is pretty good and helps to balance that out.
2	Just NOT my type of place. I went with a group of friends on a Saturday night around 8, and by 9 the place was packed.....With a very older crowd. At 38 I was probably in the bottom 10% of the age range, maybe 5%. Drinks were decent, but SUPER Expensive. Almost $15 for a martini. By 10 the place was pounding pretty good, I have to say their sound/lighting system was pretty awesome. I just don't want to see women old enough to be my mom shaking their asses on the stage. If you're in the 40-60 range and looking for a solid place to party, and relive your 20s, THIS is probably your spot..... Not trying to be rude to the older crowd, I think its damn cool that you still know how to party....I just don't want to be there while you are! And a friendly heads up to the 21-39 crowd to avoid this place, unless you're looking for love from an older guy/girl.Really my 1st Club-Type(but not really a club) experience in Phoenix. It was a pleasant surprise that nobody was really being a drunken slob like so many club type environments in Chicagoland. I'm not sure if I can attribute that to the age group or Phoenix in general. Either way, not a place I'd go to again......Tip to Management/Owner.....Having grown up in the Chicagoland Club Scene in the 90s and 00s, if you're going to have a club environment, have room for people to dance. Ditch all the tables in the 1st room in lieu of a dance floor.
5	Amazing club/bar!!! Live music every night! Great staff! I have been coming for years and it is always a good time!
3	Sorry I posted this to the wrong business. My bad !
4	Great place for happy hour and beyond! Middle age mid to upper income group. Tried the signature Blue Martini and it was great. Food was good especially the warm brie. I would add more items to the menu. Live music was some of the best I have experienced. Closed it down and we will be back.
4	It's what everyone says: a little snobby, a little fake, a pickup bar and little pricey, but isn't that what you expect and need sometimes? Sometimes the ladies want to wear heels, shiny tops and no bra. Sometimes guys want to meet women who've had a little too much and want to dance. It's your alternative to country music near Cave Creek, so go with it! This isn't eharmony with a shooter so have fun and know those same girls go home, put their jeans on and text their girlfriends about the guy who bought them drinks. If you're lucky, you still may be asleep next to her when that happens...
4	For a Specialty Martini and a light meal (menu is really heavy appetizers, not meals) this is a good place to go. Happy hour runs later than most places (7- or 7:30PM) and if you are Female, you join their 'club' and your first drink is FREE!!They usually have a decent dance band on weekends, but it does get crowded and the dance floor is small. And it is a pretty young crowd, but we usually make it through the first set of the band!! All in all, a good asset for that area that is coming back to like recently with a comedy club opening and soon a country bar!!
5	Blue Martini is a great place to go to for a fun night of socializing and dancing with friends. They have live music every weekend and even during the week. This is an upscale place so make sure you dress accordingly, meaning men no tennis shoes or hats especially after 9pm. I frequent this place with my social network for its great martini's and food, the fact that they have live music so we can dance, as well as for its ambiance. More importantly, the service is spectacular. John Martin who runs the place and Jason (Cookie) the floor manager, have always met my needs as well as my friends, which I truly have appreciated over the years. It's a great place to meet new people, have events at, or even a simple birthday bash. I recommend you check it out if you have not been there.
4	Always love this place. Great people watching and happy hour. Very tasty food and great service. The patio is a blast!
1	Horrible service. Drinks took way too long(they weren't busy) . Our server would only ask what one person in our small party (7) needed. And didn't pay attention to the females in the group. Won't be back
1	Horrible experience.  Thursday night, there are 12 people in the entire bar.  $10 cover for guys, $5 cover for ladies.  Asinine.  I was with a group of 6 individuals each of us probably going to spend $40+ a piece on drinks but charging $10 to get into an empty bar absolutely absurd
