3	The good:Ramen broth and noodles were very good.  Kimchi was great. Location is good. It's nice to have this kind of cuisine in downtown Tempe. The bad:The contents of the ramen soup were mediocre. The "pork belly" was the consistency of end pieces that had fallen off the bone after a long boil. The spinach topping looked like store bought spinach in a bag that was shredded. Overall, I've had better soup bowls from more authentic Japanese restaurants. Ambience: front room is pretty inviting but the main dining room was somewhatBleak.
4	Ok so we have been waiting for this place to open! We love ramen made traditionally! It was really good and you can customize your order. It was a bit more expensive than  republic ramen but loved the owner and staff here. They were way cool and gave us samples of the 3 different broth choices when we asked. I def would go again based on the service. They just opened and will be adding more to the menu soon :) yay!
4	Let's start with the good. Location is as good as you can get in Tempe, even though it was a little hard to find. The place is pretty nice inside, although from a "business person standpoint", they need to make the bar a little more of a BAR. No tap beers, no happy hour yet. Fair enough, you just opened, I'll give you a pass on that. However, when I go to eat Japanese, I need me some Sappuro or Kirin sake-bomber style. The beer selection and sake selection was pretty weak. Again, they just opened so no biggie.The broth (which is the entire essence of good ramen): I had the soy based, the wife had the miso base. Both were pretty damn good. We even sampled the sea salt base, it was pretty damn good too. The noodles and "base" ingredients were great, plus you get the option to add additional stuff, which is cool. The bowls were big enough to fill me up....a lot (and I'm not a little guy). If you don't add at least a teaspoon of the chili oil and the packet of seasoning to the broth (and maybe some Sriracha), you are missing out. Presentation was beautiful. The wife took pictures for Instagram, but I'm far too lazy to post that stuff...The owner took the time to chat with us a little bit. He was very personable, and seems to know what is going on. I'd totally sit back and drink some beers with him, but never caught his name.The bad: As I said, the place just opened. The service wasn't bad whatsoever, but the knowledge and experience of the staff was so-so. I'm not going to say anything was bad service-wise, just merely saying 6 months from now I want to be impressed. The price was a few dollars more than Republic, but I'm not taking a date to Republic. I'd take my wife here for an anniversary date and not feel like we are in a fast food joint, so that is good.Final analysis: Great ramen. I put it in my belly. Papa bear was happy. I'll be back for sure, just bring me a sake-bomb when I do....
4	If you watch the first season of  "Mind of a Chef" on Netflix, you get to follow David Chang, founder of the Momofuku eateries in New York city around on his culinary adventures. One place he visits is Japan and one food he talks about a lot is ramen. I've been to Japan myself, and have eaten a lot of ramen there and I have to tell you, the folks at Umami make some good ramen!They are still in the pre-opening stage of things, without their full ensemble of items. Tonkotsu, the famous pork bone broth based ramen of the Kyushu region of Japan may not be available till their official opening on the 21st of September. However, they do have my second favorite, the famous ramen with miso broth from the Hokkaido region, and it is good. Now when I say good, I mean that from the noodle down to the broth because you have to start with the noodle!Noodle and Broth ReviewTheir noodles are somewhat al dente in that they are cooked but still firm. I did talk with at least one of the owners who noted that they spent six weeks perfecting their noodle recipe and it is actually made by a ramen noodle specialist out in California, to their specifications. All I can say, you can tell the quality when eat the ramen, just as good as anything I've had before in Japan or in the Little Tokyo area of Los Angeles. Oh, and you can get the ramen for take out, they provide the broth and noodles separately so you can combine then when you get home.As for the miso broth, lovely and flavorful and I did have the pork belly, which is oven roasted and quite flavorful. The things I did not like in the ramen was the spinach (I know, good for me but my ramen can go without) and while the little flower shaped carrot was cute, I don't enjoy raw carrots in my ramen. If they were blanched and then put in the bowl, I think they would be much better.I did go back a second time with a friend  for dinner and I though the ramen in the miso broth was just as good or better and this time, I got the hard boiled egg which is, at it should be, more of soft boiled egg in the center and it was quite delicious. I also got the pork belly again and though some have mentioned it being cold I thought mine was fine and quite flavorful.CocktailsOh, when I went for dinner they had a bartender doing some fun cocktails and it is interesting they can bring some of the San Francisco style cocktail culture to the mill avenue area. As I like both ramen and a good cocktail I think that would be wonderful. Besides the cocktails they have a nice selection of Asian beers and sake and the owner noted they would be expanding their line of Sake.ImprovementsHopefully the owners read the Yelp reviews and take suggestions. I hope they move away from the plastic chopsticks and just put the metal cans stuffed with wooden chopsticks on the table. The plastic ones, frankly, are harder to use and for me, not part of the culture of a good ramen place, and I hope they move to the pitchers of ice water like at other ramen places.The owner did mention Soba Noodles and offering the cold Soba Noodle option,k which is a good idea in Tempe, where a hot bowl of ramen may not be the think on a hot summer day so cool items as an alternative are important.Summation2nd time there, still keeping the four star rating as for Phoenix, this is an amazing ramen place and I think it will only get better. I'm looking forward to trying their Tonkatsu ramen in about a week when they have their grand opening, I think it will be fun. Just, as I mentioned, dump the plastic chopsticks and get in the wooden ones, and put the cheap diner style napkin dispensers out as well...they are also, part of that traditional ramen experience. Great place, nice owners, I hope they do well.
5	This place is great. Great value for the amount you get. Flower shaped carrots are a nice detail.
5	I know the owners of Umami, but it's not swaying my review. If I wasn't thrilled, I'd just keep quiet and not post anything. That said:I never in my wildest dreams thought a bowl of ramen could be so incredibly tasty.  My experience with ramen is limited .... Probably just to the store bought poor-college-kid stuff. I had no idea there was anything else, but this place is definitely something else!  My lady and I shared a bowl of the sea salt broth ramen with roasted chicken and bean sprouts. The broth is amazing. Rich and flavorful and crave-inducing. The chicken added is real-deal roasted chicken (even had a little skin on it which was great). Bean sprouts were plump and fresh and crisp.  Noodles were cooked perfectly and never mushy. The more we ate, the more we wanted to keep eating!My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Also had some sake like never before as well .... I'm not a huge fan of the stuff, but we tasted two different varieties that were chilled and incredibly sweet and delicious. Definitely not your typical drop-it-in-beer sake .... And I'm hoping to enjoy one of the interesting cocktails the bartender was creating on my next visit as well. I didn't understand how in the world an $8 bowl of ramen was logical when the stuff sells for 15 cents at the grocery store. I have been THOROUGHLY schooled. It's worth every penny and is NOTHING like the dried junk. I'm going back.  Hmmm .... Maybe this afternoon!
2	To all ramen enthusiasts: if you're looking for the real deal, this place doesn't have it. If you never had real ramen (like the reviewer below) and are just comparing to store-bought cup noodles, then yes, of course this is better; it is also 20x the cost of your cup noodle!!I ordered a bowl of miso ramen with roast pork and corn. Although ramen is usually salty, this bowl was overly salty and lacked that richness usually found in the broth. The roast pork was shredded and served ice-cold (literally) on top of the ramen, which made the whole bowl lukewarm; they had to warm up my friend's charshu pork, because it was also cold. Even though it was a hot day, I would have preferred my ramen to be hot like it's supposed to be! The actual noodles were just mediocre.I see this as more of a fast-food-type place for the local college students.Will I be back? Likely not.
2	If you have little or no experience with ramen, this place will suffice, as the other reviews show. If your only experiences with ramen consists of top ramen or ramen places in Phoenix, then do not hesitate to go here. It's in a good area (albeit kinda hidden in the building they are in), and they seem to have a good selection of sake and alcohol. ~BUT....If you are a true ramen enthusiast, do not expect anything close to what your standards are used to. The way you order is by checking off options on a slip of paper. Broth choices: a sea salt broth, a shoyu (soy) broth and a miso broth. I got the miso broth, and paid for extra toppings: charsiu, togarashi corn, and roasted garlic. The toppings that come standard with their ramen is spinach (really odd...), a sliver of fish cake, a slice of dried nori and scallions. Charsiu: I was really, really saddened by their charsiu. It was really hard, and they served it cold. If you are used to melt-in-your-mouth, savory and tender charsiu, do not waste an extra $2 to add the charsiu here.Broth: My miso broth was ok. Lacked any real depth of flavor, but it wasn't terrible. I ordered my husband the shoyu ramen for take out and he really didn't like it. Said it tasted like the powdered seasoning from top ramen, but even saltier.Noodles: I was satisfied with the noodles here. Not the best, but they are the best I've had so far in Phoenix. They do not make their noodles in house; it is shipped here from LA. That doesn't bother me though. I am used to ramen shops where you can see cute old japanese men making the noodles and shouting greetings to you as you enter their restaurant, but I am sure that won't be a sight I'll see here in Phoenix. ~Their grand opening is this Friday, and they will be rolling out their Tonkatsu broth then. That's usually what I would get, or a paitan or tan tan broth (but they don't have that). Maybe in the future I will stop by and try their Tonkatsu broth on a cold winter day...but a good tonkatsu broth needs to stew for a good two days and I remain skeptical.I will admit, I am a ramen snob. So that's why I must re-iterate that this place will be really good for most people who really haven't had authentic ramen. But alas, my never-ending quest for good ramen in Phoenix continues...
5	Delicious, unique, great location, vegetarian options, affordable. What more do you want?You get to pick the broth you want and they do have a vegetarian broth. Then there are a variety of vegetables, noodles, egg, tofu.. etc. You get to pick the ingredients you want and the spice level. It was hot and flavorful and satisfying.  I will definitely be going back. Service was good and owner came over to speak with us - very enthusiastic about the business and upcoming additions to the menu.
4	The food was pretty good. I had the miso broth with roasted chicken and spicy corn.  I think it would have been more enjoyable if I could have eaten it with a fork. I have too little patience to try to eat a bowl of noodles with a spoon and a pair of chopsticks lol. This place is hard to find but if you just walk around the building you will run into it.
3	About a year ago my husband and I spent some time in Japan slurping ramen with the locals. Since then we've been looking for a place around Phoenix that offers the authentic ramen experience that we had there. Unfortunately, Umami isn't the place. The server was extremely friendly but wasn't well informed of the menu. We ordered the miso ramen and the soy ramen. Both had a very pretty presentation, but were just average in all other respects. As another reviewer mentioned, the broth lacked depth and was very salty toward the bottom of the bowl (perhaps we weren't stirring vigorously enough while we were eating). I also thought the noodles were too firm, perhaps even undercooked, and was hoping that after sitting in the broth for a few minutes they would cook to perfection but that wasn't the case. We were also disappointed with the temperature of the broth, and more importantly, the bowl. In Japan, it was so hot that you practically burned your mouth, and this temperature was largely sustained throughout the meal because the bowls were stoneware, and probably pre-heated. At Umami, the broth was reasonably hot at first, but tepid after a few minutes because the bowls are thin.The chef walked around the dining room talking to customers and he certainly cares about his guests and is enthusiastic about ramen. We are hoping that with time he is able to hone his craft and come closer to perfection. In a pinch we'd probably go back, but it's not something that we'd go out of our way to recommend to friends.
1	Extremely overpriced for what they give.I ordered a shio (sea salt) flavored  basic bowl ($8) with roasted chicken (+$1.50). The basic bowl is $8.  The description of a basic bowl is : served with pickle bamboo shoots, scallion, spinach, carrot flowers, naruto (fish cake) and nori (seaweed).It had ONLY one 1 inch diameter naruto (fish cake) of may be less than 2cm thickness.May be 2-3 similar slices of carrot. Similarly, 1-2 thin-thin slice of seaweed. That should give you an idea of what the basic bowl would look like. (I should have taken a picture.)  I was very disappointed. The noodle was not well cooked, the soup was very salty and not tasty and the amount of accompanying veggy/fish-cake etc. was way too little. I was really looking forward to a decent eating place in this location and am extremely disappointed. I was planning to take my wife and friends there; but  will take them to real noodle places in Tempe.
5	This place is literally 50 feet from where I work. The noodles I ordered were amazing. They were quick to prepare the meal for take out too. You earned a customer, I'll be back for lunch next time! Service was good too, they offered me water while I waited for my food, even as a take out order.Basic orders cost 8$, add a few toppings and it can easily add up  to 11$
2	2/5 for great people working there, and the friendly vibe you get just walking in the door. BAM, smells like a pickling factory but do not fear, the bar area looks fun. Our experience was bad however-- the noodles in our ramen were cooked Al Dente, and you know what that means once an amalgam of them begins to expand in your stomach. They definitely weren't cooked all the way, so thus, I felt like I was going to LITERALLY lose my food after I finished a relatively small bowl. Yeah, I'm a small person, but you know, I can still eat! I just felt so sick afterwards.The spinach- strange & refreshing.The carrots- lovely.The pork- cold, but good.The nori- you know, your standard nori.The broth- yeah, a little salty, but good. We tried the Pai Ton, the tonkotsu broth without the Pork ordeal.But the noodles! They made me so sick, and I really want to love this place because their ramen is so diverse. After the meal, one of the friendly staff members made us some little non-alcoholic shots, so like I said-- SUPER NICE people! I just can't handle their style of food, it doesn't agree with me at all. If you're sensitive like me, try Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe-- they'll be a more classic and authentic option for you. Cheers!
3	So... was the trip out to Umami for ramen worth it? Well, yes and no. It was head and shoulders above anything I've had locally. However, they still have a few laps around the ramen kettle to go. I spoke with several people there. They had just opened up the Friday before. They also plan a more ambitious menu (including tempura and katsu!) but.... I ordered the pork belly ramen. When it arrived the pork was STONE COLD! As if they had just grabbed a few slices out of the fridge and dumped it into the bowl. YIKES! Even after letting it sit for a while in the broth (which turned the whole bowl luke warm), not a good thing for the notion of "comfort food". This place needs to gel a bit more and maybe a visit a few months from now might get better results.
3	I went here on their grand opening day for their tailgate kickoff event! I had been to Republic Ramen before and was greatly interested in something being closer to Mill Ave. Upon entering I found it full of people, a lot of energy, but I admit, I stood around for a few minutes, unsure if I had to wait to be seated or not (turns out, once I got ahold of a friendly staff member, it's seat yourself) The service was a mixed bag. When I did speak with a server, they were very friendly and energetic, but service was sporadic in quantity and quality. Some servers I saw go into extreme detail about the broth and how everything works, others quickly swooped by dropping off a menu and water. I unfortunately was never asked if I would like any of the free tea or sake specials that were going on, which I found on their event page after my meal. As for the food, I ordered a base of Shoyu broth ($8.00) with roasted pork ($1.50), pork belly ($2.00), a hard boiled egg ($1), Corn ($.50), roasted garlic ($.50) and butter ($.25). Apparently they have a spice level I could opt in for; I chose medium ($.25). I was a bit concerned for the additional cost of a spice level, but it was a modest up-charge so I didn't mind too much.Upon getting my bowl, it was a fairly large size but smaller than at Republics. I couldn't find any sign of my pork belly, corn, garlic, spice, or egg, but being hungry, and with no one around, I dug in. The broth was fairly salty, but not overly so. My addition of butter helped add a velvety creaminess to the mix. The noodles were smaller in portion, but done to Al Dente standards, I really enjoyed the slight bite to the noodles, I only wish I could have had more. The downsides, not including my missing ingredients, was the meat! The pork had a great flavor and looked very legit, even including a but of charred skin but it was COLD. Cold meat is very off putting hen biting into hot soup, I tried to mix it up a bit more to warm it, but then my soup became significantly cooler. The flavor was great, but at least give me the illusion that this meat was fresh shredded for me and not pulled fresh from the fridge. The rest of the ingredients were scarce, I found one slice of naruto, one slice of seaweed, one carrot flower and three pieces of bamboo. The scallions were plentiful though. The extra ingredients that were found in the soup, while scarce, were very good. The carrot was not undercooked and the shoots were great! Once I was nearly done, my server came over with another bowl of soup,  but later found out that it wasn't mine. I explained that I was missing a lot of ingredients and she at least got them for me, but my soup was nearly finished. I got some more broth for free an a togo box, so it was the best I could have hoped for I suppose. The pork belly was a bit more on the fattier side for belly, but full of flavor. Again the meat was ice cold. The egg was creamy on the inside and not too shabby. I found from the waitress that we were supposed to spice up our own bowl of ramen, but I never received any spices to add, a shame. Overall my experience was not one of the best. I know it was grand opening day, and the place was fairly packed. I found some tables better taken care of: some had the spices table side and others got long explanations of what was offered more. I was helped by multiple servers so I place it on just bad luck and timing. My most recent one did the best she could to remedy the situation so a full tip for her! Overall I am not sure if this place would be my replacement for Republic Ramen. Rat offers bigger portions, more noodles and hot meats for only a few bucks and miles more. I'll come back in a few weeks and try again, perhaps it was just a case of the grand opening hectics. I hope so, because if the meat was hot, the ingredients not forgotten and the service more streamlined, I feel this place could really do something.Once again though, the people themselves were fantastic and very friendly.
4	Alright - I am NOT a ramen expert.  I have never been to Japan, I have not worked under the best noodle master in Shanghai, I don't think I have had the best, most rare, noodles on the planet.  I only know what I like and what I don't like.  I liked Umami a lot.  I enjoyed my bowl of ramen, and I wish I loved closer so I could have it more often.  I also really appreciated that I could select additional items to add to my bowl of ramen.  If you are in the area, and fancy a tasty bowl of ramen, stop by.  It's not rocket science, kids, it's ramen.
5	The ramen was very good, and I liked that there were 3 ways to prepare the broth- soy, sea salt, or miso style. I got the soy and it was very tasty. There is a slip you fill out to order, so it is easily customizable to suit your fancy. Try the pear saki, very good! I loved the chalk board wall by the bathroom, fun to pass time while you wait. Also the up and coming private/quiet room looks nice for studying over lunch.
1	My husband and I went here today because we had heard about this new Ramen Noodle house that just opened up the past weekend and we were SO disappointed. It's WAY overpriced for the amount of noodles you get and on top of that you have to pay extra for toppings! $1 for 1 boiled egg, $1.50 for barely a handful of chicken AND .25cents for how spicy you want the soup to be. Definitely won't be going here anymore.
4	I was a little weary of this place due to the other reviews, but wanted to try it anyway. I will start this by saying I've never had authentic ramen, so I'm just going off my taste-buds here, and am stating that Umami was really good!Their ordering system is "chipotle style" as you get to pick the type of broth, protein, and veggies/extras. I chose the miso ramen with pork, roasted garlic, and extra noodles (I was really hungry). My husband ordered the special which was creamy garlic chicken broth, with pork belly, hard boiled egg, and extra noodles. Both of our bowls were rich with flavor, and were generous in its portion of meats and vegetables. Our server was pleasant and on point, and the decor was bright and modern. They even have a zen garden, which I had fun playing with while my husband used the bathroom. I will for sure be back to try some more delicious ramen.
2	Got take out from here today. I was excited to see a new restaurant finally open at this location. The experience however, was not as expected. While the staff is pleasant, the food is mediocre at best. I had the vegan ramen with Togarashi corn, Tofu and Kimchi. The only problem was that the food came with plain corn and no Tofu, although I was definitely charged for both. The broth was lukewarm and extremely salty. Overall, a very disappointing lunch experience.
4	I had Umami for the first time today. I had my friends from work send me a screen shot of the menu, and then I ordered from there and they brought it back to work for me.I am not sure which broth I had because I told my coworker to just get me "the best one" and it really was delicious. Super rich, salty and velvety. I added the roasted pork and a hard boiled egg to it.I really enjoyed my lunch, and they packed it really well for take out, with the noodles in a different container than the broth so they wouldn't get mushy. I ate about half of it, and was super full. I put the rest in the fridge, and then re heated it about 3-4 hours later, afraid that the noodles were going to absorb all the broth and become gigantic and mushy. But no, they were still perfect.I can't wait to come eat here more often as soon as the weather cools down. I think this will be a weekly lunch spot! A very satisfying meal
2	I must say I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the miso broth pork bowl and it was lacking in flavor. I got the normal pork, not the pork belly and it was quite fatty. A flavorless greasy bowl for $10 bucks will not entice me for a return visit.
2	I have been to this place twice. tried the miso grilled chicken and pork versions of their ramen offering.Taste: its fine. Its ramen, true carbs. So its filling and fine. I personally like the taste of miso and so i like their broth as well. Add ons: Here is the rip off. If you order the 8$ bowl, you would get some ramen, spinach and kimchi. You need to add on your protein and flavor for additional cost. The more you pay, more flavor you get.Price: This is my main gripe. Ramen is the cheap grad student food. Cup o noodle like basics are very pricey here. And my 12$ bowl of ramen is just not worth it.I eat a lot of asian food: ramen, pho, etc. And i would not recommend this place if you love your asian food as well. They have a great marketing team though. They are all over facebook. Kudos to that.
4	I had the chicken, pork and the owner brought me a sample of the slow roasted pork. O. M. G. Delicious. Come hungry and leave satisfied. Very reasonable prices!
4	I've been trying all the various ramen shops in the Phoenix area.  This is hands down the best ramen I've had thus far.  They were kind enough to provide us samples of their different broths although they did not have their Tonkotsu broth available at the time, I did get the Paitan broth although I think next time I will try the Shoyu one.Now that being said there were a couple things I do wish they would change... Price, people have complained about the price and if you get enough add-ons the price does get pretty high.  I kept my add-ons simple this time around as I wanted to get the base experience here.  So I ended up with a reasonable $11 bowl of ramen which isn't terribly bad.  Considering they're very, very close to ASU, I figured it'd be slightly cheaper to attract the student crowd but remembering my college days the instant ramen was sufficient and much more affordable so hopefully that doesn't bit them later due to the location.The other thing I want to discuss is the temperature, the brother came out fairly good.  It could have been a little hotter though (temperature, not spicy) as it's seems a lot of the ingredients are put in cold and expected that the broth will heat them up and cook them slightly more... unfortunately this has the added effect of really cooling the broth down more than it should.  So either the broth needs to be much hotter which might effect it's taste or they really need to pre-heat the ingredients more so it's not so drastic of an effect on the temp of the broth.I'm still a big fan as I said as it is definitely my favorite ramen place so far.
4	My first time at Umami and I left satisfied (and almost bursting at the seams). They have a vegan broth option which was delicious and on point. The ramen bowls start at $8, I added a boiled egg for $1 and was a happy camper. One star off because I really wish they had more veggie toppings (mushrooms, extra seaweed, Chinese broccoli) or even some fish for the protein? Also, their menu is slightly different from online so they may want to integrate the two -- we didn't get an option for the spiciness of the broth -- but I'm sure you could inquire. I'm definitely coming back.
5	I just fell in love (in several ways).Great decor, clean bathrooms (which is always a plus), nice bar setting, amazing service (usually pretty waitresses are bad servers but this was a very pleasant exception).The food was tasteful, filling, inexpensive, what else can you ask for?I read a couple of bad reviews of people bitching about "authentic ramen" or the place being expensive. Don't listen to them. I mean, idk what's authentic nowadays, but what really matters is a good taste, and this place has it!I had edamame with no salt but with a garlic oil, super yummy. The bowl with tofu was also super good. A cold unsweetened green tea was the perfect drink for that delicious dinner. I'll be back soon!Cheers
1	O.K, so heres the thing. These guys got their "one of the hottest ramen noodle joints in the country yada yada" nod, before they were even open. Can you say great marketing team? Absolutely, and the place is really nice looking, but it's NOT good. And this is not an "authentic" vs not authentic thing as many people have taken one side or the other for. I could care less if it was authentic, as long as it tasted good, which it does not. Flavorless, greasy, over cooked this, under cooked that. The miso broth pork bowl was the biggest travesty of them all. There were 4 of us, and there were so many holes in the execution of the dishes, that it just felt clumsy and...yes, had you wishing for a more seasoned team (which may be why many people are screaming for "authenticity" by authentic they may just be saying they want something thats good....or at the very least something worth the price tag...which in this case is a little exorbitant compared to their competition.  Base price of most dishes is already on the border, and then come the add ons. Add Ons which are not add ons in other places that serve ramen. Bad form, they essentially even charge you extra for flavor. Bottom line, authentic, not authentic....I would rather spend my money in a place where the dishes come WITH the flavor included in the price. If you can make it down to Ahwatukee, Sushi Ken's got some stellar ramen. Ramen Republic not too shabby either, I would skip this one though. There are so many places where you'll be paying for a lot less than an awesome marketing team tells you you should pay for this kind of thing, and get a whole lot more.
2	Take it from an asian, this place was mediocre at best. First let me say this was somewhat hard to find; it's kind of tucked in the back corner behind the bank on 7th st and Myrtle.Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more. Starting off at $8 bucks just for the soup and a handful of noodles? Honestly it's just way too much for how little you get. Then you add your protein which can range in price. I ordered just the shoyou broth with pork for an add on of $1.50; when my bowl came out I looked at it and was thinking where is my meat? It was all shredded up into little bits.I give it 2 stars for the decor; it was pretty nice and well lit. Bathrooms were nice as others have said. The service was ok; the two girls that served was friendly, but got lots of orders mixed up even with them numbering our tickets by seat positions.I've definitely had better! A mile down the street is Republic Ramen it's cheaper than Umami and has a larger portion size. Needless to say I will never be going back here again.
2	I ordered a bowl with corn and pork. Cost more than 10 bucks.The food was pricey and you can tell the pork was reheated from fridge.My home made ramen tastes better than this...Sorry to give two stars. Really need some improvements.
1	Not exactly sure what I ate, but it wasn't ramen, that for sure.  Might give it another try, i usually give all spots a 4th
5	Walked by this spot and was curious. Checked it out and loved it. I was a little turned off by the reviews, but I like to give places a chance. The head chef, Jared knows what hes doing. Their ramen is good and well prepared. I hope the locals catch on, they've got something good in Downtown Tempe.
3	An average restaurant experience. It is what it is. Noodles, broth, protein/tofu, and some veggies. For what you get probably a bit on the expensive side. I think with the other options on Mill Ave this would be a rare return for me.
3	Strike 1: Only proteins available at 12:15pm were tofu and spam. Wha???Strike 2: It took the staff at least 15 minutes to INPUT our order into the computer and then realize that the only proteins available were tofu and spam. Strike 3: Even though we were seated first at a table, the three guys at the counter who were seated a few minutes after us got to order first.Final thoughts? Generally disorganized and frantic. Pricey. Nearly undrinkable salty broth. However: super nice staff, great thick and chewy noodles, deliciously ripe kimchee, and functionally awesome soup spoons. (see photo)
5	The BEST easy lunch, dinner or late-night meal you could ever imagine! The ramen is flavorful and the bowls are enormous - more than I can eat in one sitting. Fresh vegetables and smoked pork with a bowl full of noodles hits the spot every time. For an extra rich fresh, add some butter and garlic - yum!! Nice having a great local spot that isn't corporate or boring to frequent in Tempe!!
5	LOVE IT!Came here with a friend who recommended it. Upon entering, the atmosphere was really chill, lots of interesting stuff to add into one bowl. After chatting with the owner, discovered he actually studied his craft in Japan and that his noodles arrive fresh from a trusted source in California, real cool guy, attentive staff. excellent on a cold day!
4	We went two nights in a row during a very cold spell in Tempe and it hit the spot. Nice servers, fresh ingredients, clean food presentation, and decent vegetarian (broth & protein) options.I liked the garlic paste a lot and added extra noodles and my bf added everything in there plus extra noodles and liked it all. That's a whole lot of noodles, but good if you're really hungry.I'd like more veg options (extra carrots or anything really) just to round out my meal, but we got double edamame in a bento box the second night and that filled the void.
3	The food was okay. It kind of took a little while and then when it arrived, it wasn't as hot as it should have been. It was kind of salty. And it was expensive!!! My boyfriend and I each got a bowl and it ended up being $33 including tip. After everything, it wasn't terrible, but I don't think I will be returning back.
4	I've been a few times, and overall the atmosphere has been very chill without too many rowdy ASU students. Service in the dining area was a little off-- orders were forgotten--but the place is new enough so I understand. The food is delicious, they serve Orion, and have a great selection of sake and are very knowledgeable and eager to let you sample, especially if you sit at the bar.The owners and staff are all really cool and I love that I can go after midnight on the weekends. I just wish it were a bit cheaper.
3	Went back today and was a little confused. The hard boiled egg addition is now a pickled egg, which is doesn't say anywhere on the menu. My friend got the vegan noodle bowl and it came with rice noodles, when last time it came with ramen noodles- also we were never brought sriracha or any of the spice packets. Not saying it was bad, just disappointed in the lack of consistency.
2	The ramen expert in me wants to cringe when I eat the ramen. LOL But I also know that I'm not in Japan or California, and this is probably better than most ramen places in Tempe.Well, it's better than Republic Ramen... if that is saying much? However, it's probably from the same people of Republic Ramen. The broth, the menu and the style is just too similar. And it's just as expensive. I ordered the ramen.... no toppings and it was $8. Additional toppings are at least $1 per topping, and that is ridiculous.I don't know where these guys learned to make ramen but please.... no more spinach. It ruins the texture and flavor of the broth. I don't even want to ask why there is corn available as a topping. I'll just get annoyed. -______-Better off going back to Cherry Blossoms for their ramen (which actually tastes like Japanese ramen).
2	This place has a lot of potential, with that being said, for the price, I expect the best most thoughtfully prepare bowl of Ramen.  It was good, but not that good.
3	My friends and I came here one morning for some breakfast ramen. Something, most ASU students will do, whether Maruchan, Top Ramen or Ramen Republic or some kind of blonde and thick horse hair. When we came here, the place had been barely open a week or so. Let me start off by stating that I parked far off. I wasn't sure if we could park in the lot next to the church right in front so rather than be towed away by most of the predatory tow companies that patrol Tempe and especially the ASU area like Nazis, I just parked in the lot next to Ztejas. Let me tell you, it was a brisk walk with me being a minature landwhale having more chin than a Chinese phone book at the time. I've since lost a disturbing amount of weight and look like a concentration camp survivor. I'm striving for that sexy middle ground, but I digress. We came in and the place was actually pretty nice. The bathrooms were super artsy and clean and Japanese garden looking. Nice I thought. Waitress, pretty good looking. We sat down and there was crayons in boxes of sand, further more drawing on the Japanese style decor, and drawing paper. I thought that was pretty cool too.I looked at the menu. It's not as cheap as Ramen Republic or a $0.20 bag of top ramen, I'll tell ya that. The basic bowl of ramen was like $8. All the other toppings and stuff were $.025 to $2 more so or. I thought that was a gyp but it must be delicious to command such a price. We ordered. Now, since it was barely a week after opening day and I heard that they were giving away free ramen on that day, they were out of a bunch of ingredients so I had to maneuver through what little that they had left. The ramen came out pretty good. I just don't like the pricing especially when Ramen Republic is all inclusive as far as additives are and the prices for extras are just that...extra.
2	Food was great- but the service...guys:  get it together!  you almost have a home-run, but the lack of training and skill set is KILLING your customer base.
5	Best ramen I have had outside of Japan.Most are only familiar with the 10 cent crap from Food City, if you even eat that= this place isn't for you.Clean spot.VERY friendly staff.New place, and can feel that they are still working things out, but as a business owner that is a non-issue.GREAT ramen, the chef had us try a few of the things we didn't order, and it was so good we are heading back in a few mins, 1 week later.-and WAYYYYYY better than the kinda dirty spot about a mile away that I was at just 1 week before, and never going to again...
4	I had somewhat high hopes, and I like their logo, the building and the restaurant design. The service was a bit odd - the server seemed confused, and they were out of some drinks and food. We pushed on and each had a bowl of ramen - mine was pork based with garlic and kimchi - similar to what I've had on Honshu near Korea. It was OK - and certainly nothing like authentic. The edamame was above average. Worried about their survival as Arizona needs ramen shops of every quality.
5	After living in East Asia for over 6 years, Umami is one of the best places in Phoenix for an excellent bowl of ramen. I highly recommend the Paitan broth for it's rich flavor.Chefs are passionate about the food they make and the staff in general are very friendly and knowledgeable.Also, great selection of Asian beers, sake and tea.
4	Good luck on trying to find this little gem! It's definitely not an easy find, but if you're one of the lucky ones who do find it, you know just how delicious it is!I'm not a huge ramen eater, so when my friends suggested we try this little place, let's just say that I wasn't super thrilled. But I like hanging out with friends and will try just about anything, so figured why not. And boy am I glad I did.While the ramen bowls start at $8 and you have to pay additionally for each topping, it doesn't make it the cheapest meal. (My thoughts on this is more or less for college kids, since it's on Mill...). However, with that said, my $11 meal here, was totally worth it and suuuuuper delicious! So much so, that I'd even enjoy going back!
5	The best Ramen and service one could ask for!!!! Their broths are delicious. Never had a bad experience ... Be sure to order their special Mike's sauce which is so good it will make you smack your mama! Oh yeah, did I mention that they are open to 3am on weekends!! No more fast food for me!! #ramensogood #mikesaucefanatic #noguiltpleasure
5	Thank you for opening Umami!  When people find this hidden ramen house, its going to be busy all the time.  Thankfully when we arrived today, we got to enjoy the entire place to ourselves!  It was around 4:00pm and we were greeted by a lovely woman, a wonderful spirit, super welcoming and with a warm the heart kind of smile.  I felt truly welcomed by this person.  She gave us a little introduction about the place and let us choose where we wanted to sit.  They have plenty to choose from!  You walk thru the front door into the bar area with a large bar and tables with high bar stools with a television.  To the left of the bar you walk into the dining room area.  This area is painted lively colors with green chairs and origami on the rafters...(soon there will be local artwork hanging/painted on the walls - I asked, its true!).  To the right of the bar is a smaller room, they call the quiet/tea room.  It is a small, comfy room with dim lights and a zen atmosphere; a place I would love to come to read a book or study.  The restrooms are located past the tea room.  And there is also a large outside area with picnic tables.  We chose Umami because we love ramen, its walking distance from our home, it would be a new experience for us, and to finish a book my love and I have been studying.  It was perfect.  The woman who greeted us and waited on us for our visit, was so so so nice and wonderful!  Her name was Paula!  I hope all of you that visit Umami, get to enjoy Paula as well!  She was very thorough with explaining our options and then promptly returned with our hot tea and water.  We ordered miso soup and she took our order slips for the ramen.  The miso soup came right out, almost as fast as ordering it.  It was very flavorful with little bits of tofu and sliced scallions.  We began reading and taking notes on our book and soon enough before I even finished my soup the ramen was at our table!  We ordered rice noodles with vegan broth, tofu, kimchi, garlic, and corn.  There was also spinach leaves and bamboo shoots in the bowl.  Huge bowls of ramen noodles loaded with glorious veggies!!! AAAAAAA! In heaven!I must admit we were there for a couple hours.  Relaxing, really loving the quiet and peaceful atmosphere.  Paula was great.  She was excellent with checking in on us at the right times and leaving our table with a smile.  We chatted a bit about the restaurant, asking about if it was always empty around this time of day.  She said lunch is busy but during the mid afternoon hours, not to much traffic.  In the evening it picks up around 6 or 7pm.  Umami is fairly new, only being open since September, making this a secret spot for most .  Especially since its not really on Mill Ave or 6th St.  Well, let my review be the deal breaker, for you must visit Paula and Umami!  Give this place some love because it needs to stay around for a long time!  Such a wonderful, little loving ramen house that is away from the busy bodies on Mill Ave.  Its like a little oasis.Thank you Paula for being such a beautiful person!
5	Great concept and great food! After spending time in Japan and eating a lot of ramen, this ranks up there in comparison. The passion and dedication of the owner chef comes through with amazing and fresh ingredients.
1	They supposedly have vegan items on the menu, but they will try their hardest to mess up your order every time. The noodles aren't vegan. They'll say some of the add ons are vegan sometimes and other times not. They'll then add on things you didn't ask for that aren't vegan. For $15 I can get a lot better vegan food on Mill, such as at Desert Roots Kitchen (all vegan), Casa (vegan menu and chef), Chipotle, etc.
5	Totally amazing ramen! I like this better than Pho...! Great flavors, try the pork belly! Super filling.
5	Absolutely amazing ramen! Kept a rowdy group of 14 guys silent for a whole meal. This is the real deal. Everything is prepared for hours and hours and you can practically taste the effort that goes into it. Not to mention the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable. This is my favorite place in Tempe and I can't wait to come back.
5	Absolutely wonderful.A unique dining experience with extremely friendly staff.  Best ramen I've ever had.
5	Outstanding service - very fun, personable and warm people. Great atmosphere and attention to detail. Went out of their way to take care of us. Amazing place, and delicious ramen! Great place to take a date. You have to check it out!
3	Great ramen, atmosphere and service... Saw two flies inside the restaurant though, which makes me a little concerned.
2	Went on an off day - and it was still pretty packed. Ordered rather quickly then it all went down hill from there.  Received the appetizer quickly then waited over 30 min for our ramen. They were out Pork Belly at 11:15 am and as the server announced they had a rather busy midnight crowd.. Mind you they open at 11:00am. After noticing people who arrived after us had eaten and were leaving I inquired why my order was taking so long. The manager mentioned they were waiting for me to finish my appetizer which was edamame and seaweed salad. Funny - we had finished that in 10 minutes. FINALLY our ramen came and although it was very tasty - it wasn't tasty enough to wipe away the fact that they were out of 3 of their meats and soup took 42 minutes to arrive. Would I return - I think now..
5	This place serves me a shameless addiction in the form of a soup that is so full of flavor, especially when customized with the help of the friendly and experienced staff or owners/operators that frequently interact with guests, that I constantly crave it.  Pairs nicely with refreshingly cold japanese beers and authentic appetizers.  Go and try the ramen soup, as is (each broth has their own strengths) and enjoy the work that is brought by full time attention to the broth creation, and then come back and ask how you can customize it - Warning: your mind may melt.  Also, fairly empty on week nights and there are three different 'sections' with various ambiances to choose from. A quiet VIP lounge area with dim lighting and nice decor, an inviting bar with plenty of seating, and a dining room area that has great music playing.(Note: The place, somewhat hard to find the first time around, is one block North of Myrtle and University, park and walk past the parking garage ramp)
5	This place is hands down one of my new favorites. The staff are friendly, personable. The black tea sochu shot, in the peach beer is my new fav drink. The ramen is the best I've ever had!
5	Holy crapI just went there with a group of friends. Becca the chef told me about some special spicy chicken cracklings they made today for the ramen. I tried them (never had cracklings before)And it was amazing. Even better than the roasted chicken I've now ordered every Friday for the last few months. If they have it, TRY IT!  Also their new vanilla infused sake was awesome!
5	Very good ramen.  Liked that you could customize your own bowl of ramen.  Way to much food for me.  Next time will have to share with my husband.  The  staff is friendly and attentive. Great selection of appetizers, beer, and sake.
5	Visited this restaurant on a whim while visiting with friends from New York and it was absolutely amazing!!We ordered the ramen bowl with cracklings and spam and spicy corn and our taste buds were absolutely delighted.  I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country, including Morimoto in NYC and I was absolutely blown away by Umami.We also were intrigued to order the carrot hummus which was fantastic!  I would recommend both dishes very highly.We drank Buddha beer and their 12 year old Japanese whiskey (forgot the name) which was a pleasant surprise.  I never had Japanese whiskey before but I am a fan for life.If you visit the Tempe area, you absolutely MUST make it a point to stop at Umami and treat yourself to a plethora of Japanese treats!
5	This place was definitely open last time I checked! I still don't trust it though, there is something seriously too addicting and delicious about their ramen!
5	Crazy good service. I am not a ramen expert so I don't know where it ranks... But it's clean with amazing service... Beer is cold... And food is good. We will be back. It's back open too FYI
4	I love Umami. It's my favorite place for Ramen in Phoenix fo sho.  Great quality food, nice selection of ingredients to add, broths are tasty, it's not too expensive,  and it comes out in a timely manner.  Love it.
5	Very cool food! Great presentation , simple menu , and the food is tasty. You'll probably enjoy their noodle bowl. You can go all vegan , but they only have alcoholic drinks.
4	Very good! The roast pork was awesome. Best ramen in az, definitely coming back again.
5	Tried this place with my boyfriend tonight and was very impressed. I will be honest I am not a ramen expert but we were both very happy with our meals as well as the service. I had the Paitan preparation with roast pork and the boyfriend had the miso with the chicken. The presentation was beautiful with the nori, carrot "flowers" and fish cake. The roasted garlic and corn extras were really tasty. Other reviews comment that the ramen is pricey, but my opinion is dinner out for two for about $20 isn't too bad, especially if it tastes good. I also want to add that this is a stark contrast to the "Ramen night" at Posh. I thought the flavors, presentation and service were much better at Umami than at Posh, and Umami is much less expensive than Posh too. I can't wait to bring more friends here!
4	Ok, to start with, I recently had ramen at Takumi in Okayama, Japan which is probably the best I've EVER have had in my life.  So, it's not really fair, but I am still going to do this.I recently went to Republic Noodle House after my trip back from Japan, after realizing that I actually CAN eat a hot noodle dish in the Summer time, without getting grumpy and fidgety.  The soup stock was bland, and the only thing they had going for it was the amount they gave you.So, decided to give Umami a try.  Got there kind of early, around 5:30, so I was pretty much the only person there. Started talking with the chef, and realized he knew what he was doing.  He talked about boiling the bones to create the broth, a whole day and a half before serving it.  DING.I ordered the Shoyu, with Chasu w/hard boiled egg, a side of kimchi and a Asahi torpedo.  It was an extremely enjoyable meal. I enjoyed the broth immensely, as chef has taken the time to properly prepare it. There was plenty to eat, and it did fill me up and met expectations.  They do have slipper chopsticks, which would have been my only qualm.  I forgot to bring my set from Kamakura, but perhaps next time.  Because there will be a next time.  And a time after that, and another time after that.  Republic is definitely a one-and-done place for me.***Last minute add....If you go before 7pm, you get $2 off your Ramen, and the torpedo of beer is $6 instead of $8.  Happy Hour indeed.
4	Authentic ramen. Noodles were cooked just right. We had Shoyu and Paitan ramen and both of the ramen's broths were excellent, but a bit salty. Clean and modern atmosphere. Definitely a place to try if you are craving for soup noodles.
4	Good atmosphere, good food and good service. My girl and I both had the Miso base with different fixings and we both enjoyed our meal. We'll be going back for sure.
5	Ive been coming here since day one and I continue to go. Ive eaten ramen at some of the top ramen houses in the U.S., Momofuku, Yamadaya, Tat-Suya, Oiister, Zen 6, Momi and have to say that Umami satisfies the need. Every time I visit Umami I seem to bring another person and the reaction is always positve. I tend to be the type of person who eats the same thing so I get paitan, charsu, pork belly, soft egg, togarashi corn, kimchi, no spinach, no carrots, extra nori, extra naruto. The atmosphere is fun, the decor is great. Ive gone with dozens and by myself and service is always great. Drinks are reasonable and the price of a bowl of ramen isn't outside of the norm. Just my $0.02
5	Love this place. The paitan is always amazing, drinks are super tasty, great selections of sake and beers, atmosphere is nice, servers are super friendly, always great food! Best ramen in tempe!
5	My first Ramen and Saki experience.   Great food with an amazingly friendly staff.      The Ramen with pork great.  Also try the Saki with the meal.  It's not just a meal, it is an experience .
4	Excellent food and great unique options.
4	First off the server was great. The price for ramen was fair and all the options were very clear. The tea is amazing. Great selection of sake, Japanese beers, and whisky. Even the bathrooms are nice and kind of cute.
4	Best friend loves this place and has been itching to take me here.  We hit this place up before a Marquee show last week. It's essentially ramen DIY-style.  You pick your broth, fixins' and any extras.  The staff was super friendly, helpful and attentive without hovering.  I'm going to be honest and say ramen bowls are just not my thing.  The broth was delicious and I could have sipped that out of a cup.  I'm just not a fan of what I call "wet food" and ramen bowls are wet food.  That aside, if you're a ramen-ficionado, go here!  You will be pleased.  And leave a message for future generations on the chalkboard wall by the bathrooms.  I might have written "boob" because I'm a 12 year old masquerading as an adult.
4	Second time making my debut here, and I have got to say it's just as good. The service was great. This guy gave me double sake flight. I am hooked on the Black and Gold! I am proud the chef came out to tell us about the new miso vegan soup bases. I will come back and try.  Also their take out is very cute boxes that seem structurally sound for the tranport of ramen.
3	The word Umami is a big deal in Japan, it represents a  feeling you get from the food you taste...like when you try something so delicious your eyes roll back, your head tilts to the side, you give a gentle mmmmmm sound, and you savor the flavors that literally melt in your mouth!!!!So when you come to a restaurant named UMAMI, your expectations are very high!  Came here for dinner about a week ago, and the location was rather odd.  Tucked into the alley almost off the main street, but the decor was pretty modern inside.  All of  us tried a different broth base and the four appetizers for $8 deal.  I really liked the style and function of the menus.  You check off the list what you want to go in your Ramen and put your name at the top!  So starting with the apps I had squid salad, a small tofu roll, kimchi, and a tiny pork bowl with rice.  3 of the items were ok at  best, but the tofu roll had no flavor at all and the seaweed wrap was really tough to break through!  The Ramen arrived and looked amazing! I mixed pork belly with nori, garlic paste, and a soft egg (the egg for me is a must have in any Ramen bowl).   The egg was perfect yold oozing from the inside, however my wifes egg yolk was over cooked and she ordered the soft.  The broth (pork and chicken) was the absolute star here, but the fresh spinach (which i would normally like but should have actually been cooked to make it soft) really took away from the broth.  I got the crunch and bitterness from the leaves and it honestly made the whole experience, well...not so Umami.  Overall it was not bad, but not great...so can't say it was UMAMI for me, but the broth was good, it just needs a better supporting cast!
5	Simply amazing! I love the food, location, atmosphere and service!! If you love ramen this place is a must.
1	Sooooo slow.  Over 30 min for soup.  Then one dish was completely wrong.  Very disappointed to see that all of the pork items we came for (roast, belly, cracklins and "love") were out.  This will prevent me from driving over just for Ramen again.  Aweful
5	Absolutely delicious ramen, every ingredient made from scratch to perfection. I had the Paitan with pork belly and cracklings, spicy corn and kimchi. Amazing. The owners are here. She greets you, he cooks. Patio, dining room and bar. You gotta check it out.
5	Just tried Umami for the  first time, and it was delicious! Looking foward to our next visit! The staff was seriously the friendliest and so helpful! Thanks so much!
5	A GREAT experience!  We came in near closing and they couldn't have been more accommodating.  We weren't rushed, the food was great, and the service was on point.  As they explained to us, they try to find a balance between authentic Japanese Raman and our american expectation of it.  I think they do a great fuckin job.
4	Awesome ramen. Great service. Great prices. Kinda hard to find if u r not familiar with the area but the girl stayed on the phone and walked us thru how to get here. Will Def come back!
4	I have to say...for an asian who is pretty skeptical about eating at Japanese food restaurants where the workers and chefs are not Japanese, I was pretty impressed. I have been here twice and was satisfied with my ramen bowl.  I had the Paitan ramen (pork/chicken broth) bowl.  The broth is very tasty; I can tell that there was time well spent into making a good broth.  They also have a good selection of different broths, meat, and additions (ie: hard egg, seaweed, etc.).I will be coming back again for my next Ramen fix.
4	My best friend took me here for dinner since I was craving noodle soup. This hit the spot and satisfied my craving! Delicious Japanese Ramen!!!! Especially for AZ/Tempe!!! Definitely the best ramen in this state. Will surely be back for more! Make sure you ask for the spicy version since it's not on the menu and get pork belly and roasted garlic so the broth becomes more flavorful! I also ordered the soft egg with mine because I love eggs!
2	This is as good as republic ramen. Too expensive and not that good. It's not authentic at all.
5	Hands down the best roman I have ever ate!  The protein bowl was killer, staff is super friendly and fun, awesome environment plus super affordable!  My new favorite spot on mill without a doubt!!!
5	I had the paitan with roasted pork and chashu (pork belly), and it was absolutely delicious. The location is kind of odd (but charming), and the decor inside is really nice. The staff is very accommodating and friendly. I've been there three times in the past few weeks, and I'm going back tomorrow! The cucumber water they serve is great for cleansing your palate as well. Great ramen, great experience!
4	May not be as authentic as some old schoolers would like but the food is very good and is a fusion of traditional style and good old slurping ramen   Would recommend you try this place when you wanna bowl of goodness
5	I have been twice now and each time it just gets better and better.  I love their garlic edamame and their seaweed salad, so delicious!  But the kicker is their Paitan Ramen OH MY GAWD!!!  The broth is rich and beautiful and just has amazing flavor and the noodles are perfectly cooked with a little but of bite and combined with the vegetables and oh you have to add a tea egg - perfection in a bowl! triple yum
3	After trying Ramen in Los Angeles' "Little Tokyo," which was AMAZING, Umami did not impress me much.But being in Arizona, thats about the best you're going to get.  Their menu is very simple and they offer a good amount of ingredients to add to your ramen.  The location is a bit hidden, unless you know the area you might struggle to find it.
5	Went again tonight. This place is great. Great service, not overbearing, not aloof, good drinks, not crazy, no mixologist jerkoffs just really honest drinks. Sake, sochu is great as well. Selection of ramen is really good Paitan was really great, Tan Tan Man is pretty awesome. Again people on here giving anything less than four stars, I have to call you out. Ive had the best in the US, from Momofuku, to Oiister, to Tatsuya, to Yamadaya, to Slurping turtle and this shop good. Owner is always there and is super cool and knows what he is about, what he can do, and he serves people. Talk to him about food and ask him about his ramen. Enjoy the experience and honestly just get plastered, bring a big group of friends, enjoy the noodle and try and have a good time.
3	I was tempted to try this place because I could customize the dish and choose the type of broth. I ordered the sea salt broth and added spam, corn, and an egg. The flavor and quality of the ramen was quite good. It was a little less authentic/ethnic tasting than some I've had but I believe that also makes it more appealing and accessible to mainstream tastes.Usually I have trouble finishing the large bowls of ramen at restaurants but my guest and I both felt the portions here were smaller than usual. It was $8 for the base and the spam, corn, and egg brought it to about $10. I like that I could customize the dish but I felt I generally got a larger portion with more ingredients at other ramen shops for less money. Two bowls of ramen and two sodas came to $25 plus tip so if you prefer to customize then this place might be for you. But if you like all the ingredients that are usually put in a restaurant's ramen anyway you might get more value there than here.
5	There's just nothing else like this place.  I have been going to ASU for 2 1/2 years and I am literally mad that I didn't find out about this place sooner.  I would drive across town to eat here.  Phenomenal food and super friendly staff with great menu knowledge.  As a former server, the excellent service tops it all off.  It's my favorite spot in town for two reasons: not easy to find and totally amazing.  Done and done.
3	I had eaten there earlier this evening because i had been trying to find a good ramen spot. It took me a little while to actually find it because it is hidden in the back and I had to ask around where it was, but when I found it I can say the layout of the place is pretty nice and the food came out rather quickly. The ramen noodles was okay (a little too much like the $0.99 ramen you can buy), the broth was good (I added some la-yu chili oil to add a little spice without killing the flavor like you would with Sriracha sauce), but the main thing I didn't really enjoy about the dish was that the spinach and carrots were uncooked and that threw off the flavor for me, it would probably taste better if they had steamed them so they wouldn't be much of a contrast to the flavor of the ramen. But over all I enjoyed it and I will probably be coming back here again when I need my ramen fix.
2	Umami21 E 6th StTempeHaving heard people talk about how they liked this place and how inexpensive it was for the college crowd to eat there, I had to try it myself.  This place is known for its bowls of ramen soup that is supposed to be similar to what one would get in Japan.Having lived in Japan for a while, I found little similarity to what one would get there other than the bowl and chopsticks.To be fair, you decide on the type of broth and ingredients that are put into it, unlike Japan where the combinations are mostly figured out for you and you order from a picture description. I ordered the paitan broth, which is supposed to be their signature broth made from a meat stock. It was o.k. but nothing to brag about. A somewhat thin, watery stock lacking in any punch of flavor. The chasu (pork belly) on the other hand was nicely done and had very good flavor. I also ordered the soft boiled egg in my soup along with the garlic. The egg was close to being properly cooked and the garlic was just a smear on the edge of the bowl. Perhaps the biggest problem for me was the noodles. In Japan, the noodles are a basic part of the soup and cooking them properly is a requirement for any noodle shop to survive. These noodles were not even of the right type for a ramen soup, and were under cooked. Very disappointing to say the least.I also ordered their 6 item plate to try. It had an excellent seaweed salad, a very good squid salad, and four other items that I will try to describe properly.First was a hand roll. Having eaten literally more than a hundred hand rolls, this left a lot to be desired. It was  like no other hand roll I have ever been served. Next was the garlic edamame. Nothing special here, with little garlic flavor and your typical beans. Next was the kimchi. Even though kimchi is Korean and not Japanese, it had the potential to be a nice if somewhat unusual addition to the menu. Unfortunately, the kimchi was too young and had not had enough time to ferment properly and develop its flavor. It was very harsh on the palate. Last on the plate was tofu. There isn't much to say here either as the tofu was not served with any special sauce or flavoring at all.I drank a green tea with my meal ($2.50) which was adequate. Parking was underneath in the public garage, and the cashier stamped my ticket so that parking was free. Cleanliness was apparent throughout, and the waitress I had was cheery and nice.I'm not sure what the budget of college students is today, but my meal came to $25.94. That doesn't seem to be on most college students budgets that I know of, but perhaps times have changed and students have a lot more money to spend.Overall, I was fairly disappointed by my visit.2 stars for cleanliness and service.
3	I will start off by saying that this place is definitely better than Republic Ramen, but it is not traditional Japanese style ramen. If anyone has ever been to Little Tokyo or Shin-Sen Gumi in California then pretty much anything else will disappoint you. They have different flavored broths to chose from but I opted for the Tan Tan which is in their "hidden" menu. Thank god I ordered that because it supposedly is the most flavorful soup (which was good but eh). We waited such a long time for our soup and their was barely anyone in the restaurant. When the food came out the noodles were undercooked and my egg was still cold in the middle and I noticed they used sweet corn in their broth (nooooooooooooooooo). My bamboo didn't taste very good so I left it in my bowl which was very unfortunate. I give them 3 stars for at least having tasty broth and friendly service but if I ever came back I would have to make some adjustments. On a good note, they did give us 20% off our bill for having to wait so long. *side note: please get rid of that cucumber water....it tasted sour as hell. I'd rather just take water from the tap.
2	Decent ramen shop in terms of space.  Fairly modern decorative.  I had Shoyu soup style with pork chasu, soft egg, and roasted corn.  The flavor of the soup was a bit too soy sauce for me.  The noodle was subpar compare to other ramen shop I have bren to.  It was a tad crunchy.  Overall ramen noodle was average.  I will probably not be heading back.  I'm always looking for hood ramen noodle shop and this just does not make my short list.
5	After months of my friend wanting to take me here, I finally caved and checked this place out. If you've been holding out like me, stop... now. This place is fantastic. Hands down the best ramen I've had in Arizona. So many options and if you are feeling adventurous, give the big bowl challenge a shot. Even the house cold sake was good. Why are you still reading this, go check this place out.
3	Although the food was very good and the prices were great , the service leaves something to be desired. Other than the service, the only two other things that bothered my wife and I was the overwhelming smell of the water and the acoustics. They probably should either invest in a quality filter system or serve bottled water. As for as the acoustics, probably putting some art on the walls would help break up the noise. I probably won't return here because we didn't think it was worth the drive from downtown Phoenix for poor service, bad water and noise.
4	Great food great service. It's a great mom and pop restaurant. Will come back. A little pricey though
5	My boyfriend and I come to Unami just about every week, we absolutely love this place. There roasted pork is delicious, the ambiance is nice, and the staff is pretty friendly too.
3	First time eating here. Enjoyed it. I was worried it wouldn't be enough food but it was Plenty. Was not that impressed with noodles but the taste was good. With extra meat and noodle the price point was a bit high for lunch but I think I could have been full on just the normal portion.
2	Expensive - $8 for ramen base, any other item costs money. so I bowl of ramen can easily costs $10-12.Not delicious - I don't taste home-made flavor, it's the same flavor as the packs I can get from Asian market. Small portion - food is for enjoying, however I don't feel this way eating here.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with Umami after seeing that it had a few mediocre ratings on Yelp. I ordered the paitan broth with cracklings which was delicious. Try them out!
