4	Went to the VIP Grand Opening last night for the new Smashburger.  This one is awesome.  Not only is the location close to CenPho but it fills in a space that is in need of decent food.  The new Smashburger is on the side of the Best Buy next to the Cold Stone.  They have some outdoor seating and big windows so that you can see in and see what is going on.  The place is nicely laid out and there are a decent number of tables (more than the Tempe location).  The staff is friendly and helpful.As far as the food goes - well, it is Smashburger.  You can expect to get yourself a salty burger, some slightly greasy fries, and a yummy HaagenDaz shake.  If those are up your alley, then you will love this place.  In my opinion, they make the best fast food burger around.If you haven't gotten out to the Tempe location or the new Avondale one yet, go hit this one up.  Im sure it will be packed come lunch time.
2	I went to the VIP Sneak Peak last night, and honestly, I wish I'd stayed home.Yes.  I am a vegetarian, but my partner isn't, and she loves hamburgers, so I figured this would be a perfect way to show my love.  We didn't have to wait long for a booth, but ended up with one by the door that was absolutely FREEZING. We both had jackets on and were still shivering.We went up in the line to order; she got an all american burger and smashfries.  I planned to get Smashfries, a side salad w/ no onions and a cactus vanilla shake. My friend had the veggie frites, and said they were awful, so I decided not to go that directions.Apparently, the salads are pre made, and there is no way to get them without onions. I asked if maybe they were whole onions I could just take off. No, they were chopped.  Ok. Since they don't have ANY other veggie options (no veggie burger, no grilled cheese, no vegetarian full sized salad), I asked the cashier what she recommended for a vegetarian.  She told me this was not place for a vegetarian.Was I offended? Yes.  While *I* am a vegetarian, my partner is not. We like to go to dinner together, and they've now lost both of our business.Finally, I wound up spending 5 minutes negotiating with her to try and have an arizona cobb salad made without chicken, bacon, onions or jalapenos. She finally figured it out, and we went to go wait.The wait was maybe 10 minutes, and then out came out food. The vanilla cactus shake tasted like a regular vanilla shake; nothing special.  The Smashfries were actually pretty good; I liked their seasoning...but Delux's sweet potato fries beat them any day.  And my salad? HA.  It was a GIANT bowl only half filled...with chopped iceburg, a hint of cheese, a few pieces of tomatoes, and less than a teaspoon of guacamole. I wish I had taken a picture, it was that ridiculous.  Plus, there were brown pieces of lettuce and the bases (the bottom of the lettuce that is hard and dirty) mixed in there. Sigh. And yes, even without any meat, it cost $6.99I asked my partner about her burger.  She said it was "ok."  I asked her to compare it.  She said it was worse than Red Robin, worse than Chili's, on par with Sonic and slightly better than Burger King. Ouch. That's a lot of money to pay for a burger on par with Sonic.  She did finish the burger, but didn't like the fries.Will we be back? No.  The food is over price for a mediocre meal, and they have made it very clear that "my kind" (vegetarians) and their friends/partners are not welcome.
2	Everyone has a friend who invites the gang over for a BBQ.  That friend cooks his burgers to well done only and the burgers taste like they started frozen....but hey...hes a friend and the burgers are free so no one complains.The problem is...one day...this friend decides to open up a resturant and serve these homemade hocky pucks to the public...this is where you have to get a bunch of friends and have an intervension with said friend.  Here is the problem....I dont know WHOS friend the guy who opened SmashBurger is....but someone...PLEASE have this intervension.Food was blah.  I gave it 2 stars (instead of 1) because the cashier was friendly and the bun was actually good.
4	The SmashBurger signage looks like a GameStop but trust me, they sell burgers here. Very trendy looking and I was scared that it might be like Delux (ack!) but this place is pretty awesome. REAL. GOOD. BURGERS. I had the Arizona Smash Burger: Chipotle bun, sauce, guac jalapenos and habanero cheese with a side of Smash fries (fries with olive oil and rosemary).The burger was delicious. I enjoyed the spice but definitely could have used some hot sauce too. The hamburger reminds me of a good backyard bbq. The fries, eh- I could prob do without. However, I did get to taste some of my friend's onion rings (well, they aren't really rings, more like thinly sliced onions, battered and deep fried) and they were awesome. I would prob get that next time.Not too long of a wait during lunch so definitely adding this place to the usual lunch mix.
3	Prices are fair. It WREAKED of sewage outside on the patio area. So we sat inside.  I ordered the BBQ chicken and my fella ordered the BBQ burger.  Both arrived with virtually NO bbq sauce. I requested some twice from our server until I walked up to get my own at the checkout area.Also, "flash frying" perfectly delicious veggies simply to have them delivered to my table dripping in oil and flavored in lonely salts was a waste of a few bucks.Step it up
3	This restaurant caused my boyfriend and I to get into an argument over whether preferring your burger well-done was wrong. He claims preferences can't be wrong. I claim they can. Examples of wrong preferences include: Preferring Hitler to Kittens, preferring Miley Cyrus to The Beatles, and preferring a 1/2 pound ground beef patty to be dry and tasteless as opposed to juicy and delicious. It's just wrong.If, however, you are one of those who "prefer" well done burgers, like really, really well done burgers, Smashburger is the place for you.  It also helps if you prefer long wait times and cold fries. I would consider these preferences to be "wrong" as well, but who am I to say? It appears Smashburger has found a niche of followers with preferences very different from my own.I realize that this location has just recently opened, so I'm going to cut them some slack with regards to the "5-7 minute wait time" that turned into 25. The employees did seem like they were working hard. The food window was extremely backed up while we were waiting in line to order, which made me nervous that our burgers would spend 10 minutes under a heat lamp before we received them. However, the staff seemed to catch up before our order was ready. Which makes it even weirder that my burger still tasted like it sat under a heat lamp for 10 minutes.I'm being generous with my star rating because it may have been an off night, and I've heard some good things, but I can't see myself gambling with giving it another shot. I walked in craving a good burger, I left $24 poorer (for 2 people) and craving a good burger. Wrong.
3	If Original Hamburger Works became a trendy chain with modern decor, it would be Smashburger. The burgers, fries and shoestring onions are tasty. For some reason the place smells like raw sewage however. I'm not sure what that is all about. Good burger place. But you can get the exact same thing at locally owned Original Hamburger Works on Thomas.
5	I'm a fan of well-done, simple, no-frills burgers, and Smashburger is just that.  A co-worker and I just came back from a wonderful lunch and I'm completely satisfied.  I opted to build my own burger and went with a 1/2lb. burger on the chipotle bun with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and chipotle sauce.  I'm not a fan of a lot of spices on my fries so I went with the regular.  A cold cherry coke made my meal complete.  I was told it would be 5-7 minutes before my order was ready, and not more than five minutes later, it was brought out to our table.  Not only was the presentation really nice, but the burger was out of this world!  It was cooked just as I like it (well-done) and was really hot and juicy.  The fries were good on their own, but paired with the chipotle sauce, they were near perfect.  The awesome food coupled with the friendly, efficient service ranks Smashburger up in my top three favorite burgers in town.  Well done!
3	We ordered to go.  The restaurant was about half full and the wait for our food did seem a little long, but I'm always happy to wait if the food is good and you can see that the staff is all working hard.  I probably wouldn't go here if you are on a tight lunch schedule.The decor is modern.  It's okay.  It is a step up from McDonald's but definitely a step down from Delux or Zinburger, which are just down the street.Our burgers were good.  I felt like mine was a little under-cooked.  I think that it would be advantageous for them to cook their burgers to order.  The price is high enough and the wait is long enough that it should be made to order.  All-in-all, it was a pleasant experience.
4	Quick service, simple menu. Food was pretty good (but for a burger fries and a drink is $10 is that good pricing?). I got the smash fries, they taste like Rosemary. The spice, not the woman. I'd go again.
5	If you want the best non sit-down restaurant burger ever, then this is where you go.  I am absolutely head over heels in love with Smashburger.  I was completely smitten when I first visited the one in Tempe a while ago, but the long distance relationship was just too much.  Now that Smashburger is closer to my 'hood, we can see each other more often.  We went for their VIP grand opening, and everything went surprisingly well!  They were utterly jam-packed but the crowd was appeased with shake samples while we waited for our free food.  Of course it was delicious.  You can't go wrong with the BBQ Bacon burger.We have since been quite a few times, and they are consistent with the first.  I always get a delicious burger that is cooked well but still incredibly juicy.  The bacon actually adds to the burger in both texture and flavor.  The haystack onions really set this burger apart from the rest though.  They add flavor, texture, and a perfect savory finish to every bite.  I love the veggie fries, especially when I get lots of asparagus.  The olive oil rosemary fries have actually gotten better since the opening.  I think they have lightened up on the OO, which is a good idea.Smashburger is pretty tight with me, although my pants don't appreciate it.  We'll have to see where our relationship goes once Smashburger moves in less than a mile from my house.  I hope I don't get too clingy.
5	Went to @smashburger for a @PHXtastecasting event.Our hosts, Kurt and Christina, were amazing. Very informative, and very helpful in guiding us through both the menu, as well as the background of the restaurant and the company.I have never been to a burger joint that offered a fried egg, to go on your burger, so I of COURSE had to get it.I went with the 1/2 Lb. Arizona Smashburger; Habanero cheese, guacamole, chipotle mayo, and jalapenos, on a chipotle bun, with added Applewood Smoked Bacon, and the aforementioned fried egg.The burger patty was so big, it literally eclipsed the bun! The egg was a beautiful addition! I put the top bun on and SMASHED!!!First bite was AMAZING!!!Personally, I would not have the guac, as I think it detracts from the heat of the habanero and chipotle too much, but I definitely enjoyed the burger!I would also not get this particular burger with the egg, as it doesn't, in my mind, mesh well with the other ingredients. Perhaps WITH the egg, but WITHOUT the guac, might improve it.The smashfries are pure goodness! Tossed with garlic oil, rosemary, garlic, and other herbs, they were fantastic!The haystack onions were delicious, but I didn't have enough to say more about them.One of the menu items that sets Smash Burger apart, are their veggie frites; flash fried asparagus, carrot sticks, and green beans.SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!!!!!!Served ranch dressing, but not at all needed.We were able to sample both the chocolate, and strawberry shakes.Both were delicious, but the strawberry stood out as being something more than you can get at BK or Jack in the Box. Really good.They also have salads available, and all of their burger items can be "smashchicken" orders, but really, what's the point?They have a selection of beer and wine available, which is kind of unique for a burger joint. The beer selection is very nice, offering amber and hefeweizen choices, as well as some more mainstream selections.I am, without a doubt, a fan. I wish I lived closer, but it isn't too far away.
4	We decided to try Smashburger because we had heard it was the best non-sit down burger place. I had the classic smashchicken sandwich with a side of onion haystacks. The sandwich was really good and I especially liked the sauce that came on the side. It was like a zesty cross between thousand island and ketchup. I liked that the chicken was grilled and not breaded. My fiance had the Arizona burger with a side of french fries. He said it was really tasty. It came with guac, chipolte mayo, pepper jack cheese and jalapenos. We got our food to go so we could head home to watch the Suns game. We didn't have to wait very long at all and the employees were very friendly. The patio is a bummer view of the Best Buy/ Fryes parking lot. But the inside is exceptionally clean and the service is fast. There are so many restaurants in this area but I like this place because you get a decent burger at a good price minus the drama. You don't have to valet park or watch people trying to look cool while eating a burger. We will be back!
4	Having passed by this place a few times by work I wasn't expecting much, but I was surprised. Its a basic contemporary fast food joint. Ala Fat burger with a little yuppie mixed together. For fast food I thought it was pretty good portion and was very satisfied with my Smash Burger and Smash Fries. I left very full and happy that I went there instead of the usual more greasy fast food joint. I would recommend to friends and coworkers who were in the mood for a quick and fulfilling meal.
4	It is WRONG to love a burger this much, but the "realness" even impressed my hard-to-impress boyfriend.  I get the all american burger with cheddar instead of american, smash fries, and if I'm up for a caloric splurge - a chocolate shake.  You can tell that the smash fries were potatoes very recently, and they're coated in rosemary and sea salt rather than msg.  The burger is 3-napkin juicy and it's a REALLY good burger - not a cookie cutter disc with traces of freezer burn still clinging to it.  The egg buns are nicely squishy in the middle but still slightly crusty on the outside, and the veggies actually crunch when you bite into them.  And the Haagen Dazs milkshakes?  Yeah - those are real too.  Clearly blended from real ice cream, and a consistency reminiscent of those childhood specialties that bloomed from mom's blender when something awesome like The Wizard of Oz brought everyone together in front of the tv.  It's kind of a weird, chrome-sterile environment to be eating such a down home meal in... but I recommend eating at the tables along the sidewalk outside - gives it a picnic-like quality.
4	Smashburger occupies a good burger niche between fast food and their pricier gourmet cousins.  Because sometimes I don't have the appetite for a $13 1/2lb burger but I want something more than the local burger joint.
4	A great place to get an $8 1/3 pound burger and fries.  This is a fast food burger place for people that a willing to pay a little more for quality.I got the BBQ, Bacon, Onion String, & Cheddar Burger with SmashFries.  The egg bun (that's the only kind I buy for home) is grilled and quite tasty.  Burger was delicious, though the bacon wasn't quite cooked enough and was difficult to gnaw through.  The fries were quite good, but left me wanting some sort of aioli to dip them in.Properly cooked bacon & a custom fry sauce would merit 5 stars but I will definitely be back.
3	Not a great visit as Smashburger today. I've had Smashburger before though that was a straightforward cheeseburger and fries. Today I went for the Arizona Burger (habanero cheese, chipotle mayo, guacamole, jalapenos) and the smashfries.The burger was properly cooked and tasty. I wasn't a big fan of the Arizona burger style - four small, thin (but fresh) jalapenos weren't really enough for the burger and the whole preparation overpowered the burger, in my opinion. I probably would've preferred it without the guac and with more jalapenos.Smashburger has great fries but today's smashfries were luck licking a rosemary stalk - I couldn't taste anything else. I really enjoy garlic fries, and I like rosemary on some potato dishes, but I couldn't taste anything but rosemary. Tried dipping them in ketchup to offset the flavor with no luck.They do brew their own iced tea which is a big plus with me.$11.50 for a 1/2 lb burger, fries and drink? Bit pricey but not too bad if you share the fries with someone.I'll be back but it will be for a more traditional cheeseburger and fries.
4	Had the Az devil hot dog here, was ok a bit small of a portion. The fries were good, will definately try the burgers next time. Friendly service.
4	Smashburger is pretty good, even though the decor is terrible. I have been there several times before this review, so I'll make just a general review. The burgers are juicy and flavorful, I highly recommend the Arizona, and the BBQ Bacon burgers. Fresh meat, freshly cooked, perfectly seasoned. The egg buns are perfectly toasted and delicious. As for the sides, don't go for the onion straws. You don't really get enough, and the flavor isn't anything spectacular. If you're craving them, grab the BBQ Bacon burger, which is the perfect combination. The sweet potato fries are basically sweet potato fries, nothing special. The veggie frites are where it is at. Lightly fried and delicious carrots, zucchini, and asparagus. My only issue is that the sides could be a little more for what you pay.Give it a try!
3	I think the burgers taste pretty good, and the egg bun makes it special. The fries are super greasy and overcooked though.
4	*Gamestop Burger*Visiting a friend in Phoenix I first see Smashburger from the street. Upon first glance my other friend and I thought it was a Gamestop cuz the sign looked just like it. We both said "Haha, we thought that was a Gamestop."Our friend goes, "Yeah I first thought that too when I first saw it. It's pretty good there. Do you guys wanna go?" So we ended up eating our first meal in Phoenix at Smashburger, and we were glad we did. The food was really good, and the smashfires were a great addition to our burgers.I ordered the BBQ Bacon & Cheese. It was quite delicious, and a little on the greasy side. BUT that's where all the flavor is!!!!!This burger has some hot steamy buns. Yeah I said it .Unlike most places that use the typical sesame seed bun Smashburger uses egg buns. These buns are a lot softer and compliment the burger very nicely. I decided to order the smashfries which are seasoned with garlic and rosemary. These were an awesome choice. For those of you who may not like those flavors they offer regular fries as well. Seeing that I hadn't eaten since morning I also ordered the Arizona devil dog. This had guacamole, tomatoes, jalapenos, habenero cheese and a spicy chipotle sauce all on an all beef hot dog. I liked it. It was like nachos minus the chips on my hot dog. Now this place is on the pricey side, but if you feel like dishing out $8+ for a burger and fries then this place is not too shabby. Different locations call for different items on the menu, so don't be surprised if the Arizona devil dog cannot be found outside of Arizona. I say that they should combine all the regional menus to make one giant-mega selection-awesomeness menu. But I highly doubt that'll happen.
1	Smashburger?  More like...SALTburger.  Went here last night after hearing good things from friends and fellow yelpers....left disappointed with swollen tongues and greasy fingers. Between the two of us we ordered the BBQ Bacon burger(added the fried egg), Mushroom Swiss burger, regular fries and onion strings.  The burgers, while seemingly good at the initial few bites, soon covered our hands with grease and the fries/onion strings COATED in salt were nothing special. The flavor of the burgers was ruined because all we could taste was SALT!!!  For $25... we'll keep our money; and blood pressure at a normal level.
4	With all the burger joints lining camelback rd nowadays it is easy to find a great burger, The trick is finding one that doesn't cost $15 dollars. Sure there are plenty of fast food restauraunts, but if you want a freshly prepared burger for 5 bucks give smashburger a shot. There beef was good quality, the fries and onion rings were great... In my opinion this place is as good or better than both delux and the grind when you consider price.
5	I LOVE SMASHBURGER! Too bad there is not one close to my work. I love the smashchicken. Its so delicious and its served on a wheat bun. This is one of my favorite burger places to go. You must try!!! The staff is always friendly also.
4	Delicious burger and fries.  I went with a friend on a Mon. night at about 9:30 - no wait.  We split the 1/2 pound Smashburger and smash fries (regular, not sweet potato), $8.50 total.  Both were incredibly tasty, and being a burger fanatic (I have to have a burger a week, and have tried LOTS in Central Phx) it was among the best - tasty beef, nicely cooked.  The employees were very friendly and welcoming.  Only downside - the bottom bun was flat and soaked.  But a tasty kind of soaked.  Good food.  I would go again.
4	Arizona Smashburger is quite possibly the best burger I've ever had (including the ones I make at home). Smashfries are hit and miss (sometimes not that hot, sometimes too oily, sometimes over/under seasoned, rarely perfect...but when they are, oh MAN)...same thing with the haystack onions. But even when this location has a line out the door I find the service to be good and wait times minimal.I should note that this fine establishment proudly serves Cherry Coke.
3	You get the feeling you're in Chipotle when you walk-in the first time, you stand in line order your food then pray you find a seat.  I ordered the large AZsmashburger and their smashfries which came to $9.60 with tax (not great but not too bad).  I didn't like their smashfries, I'm not a fan of over spicing the fries.   Overall this place doesn't beat the gourmet burger places like Zinburger, Blueburger or Grind... but it does beat Jack-in-the-crack and Mic-E-Dees which doesn't say much.
2	I just do not get it. I have been here 2 times and it is an OK burger on a good bun with some fresh toppings with out of the ordinary fixings and sides. I just think I can get a better tasting burger at in-n-out or Red Robin. I do like the veggie frits! The interior is great for eating a $ burger. I pass this place for a Culvers butter burger any day! Sorry Smashburger maniacs.
1	Salt, salt salt then add a lot of oil.  This usually means your fast food place will be a success but these guys stepped it up about three notches of salt and oil over mcdonalds which I thought was impossible to pull off.  I couldn't stop laughing and feeling bad for the old man across from us because when he got his meal he grabbed the salt shaker and poured it on before tasting the salt lick they serve.I ordered the BBQ burger, sweet potatoe fries, and onion strings. All of these would of been good, but I couldn't taste anything but pounds of salt.  It got even more comical when I tried to gulp down some soda,and the dr. Pepper was as flat as a tire.  Dumped it out and got some coke, and same thing. Usually reviewers hit the nail on the head at yelp but this places reviews I don't get at all.
3	I had a really good burger today.  Mushroom and swiss, juicy burger, lots of mushrooms, good bun!  Yep, good burger.  The fries were ok - a little too salty for me.  My daughter's chicken strips/fries were the typical kid's meal fare.  The whole place wasn't as clean as I'd like considering they weren't busy and they had lots of staff.  But I will go back for a burger.
5	OMG- This was the best burger I have had forever- for the price. And the Smashfries were wonderful . It beats 5 Guys by a mile. Smashburgers buns are out of this world. I had the mushroom Swiss 1/3 lb and it was so fresh and juicy. I could eat one every day so I am glad they are not close to my work or home. Bravo to Smashburger. Kat
4	I went there for lunch today for the first time.  I was impressed with the burger.  I ordered a Mushroom Swiss burger.  The mushroom has a good sauteed and the burger was very juicy and tasty.  You can tell they really marinated the beef well.  It reminds me of Zin Burger in a way that the beefs are tender and juices splash out as you bite into it.  I don't really care for the fries that much.  It was little greasy and salty. The price is reasonable. Also, definitely need to wash your hands after eating the big juicy burger.  =)
2	-Wannabe In-n-Out- My burger was dry, and not very tasty. I can't figure out why this place was so packed. The next time I feel like dropping 8 bones on a burger, I will go to Delux. MMmmmm..Delux.
4	Tried Smashburger for the first time and it was AMAZING. For a fast, but not too fast food burger it is spot on. I asked the cashier her opinion on what to get and she was kind and honest. I ordered the Arizona burger and was not disappointed. YUM YUM YUM!!
2	Smashburger for that down home Ikea feel.  I wasn't impressed.Their menu is pretty standard burger fare...bbq burger, mushroom swiss burger.  I didn't see anything out of the ordinary in their offerings.  I was excited for their sweet potato fries when I ordered them.  Wasn't so excited to eat them.  They were doused in olive oil and rosemary.  I'm a rosemary purist and don't think you are required to cook with a lot of it to get the flavor out of it.  Too much rosemary is a bad thing -- it overpowers everything and you lose the other flavors in translation.  Their burgers were ok.  But lets face it, how hard is it to mess up a burger.  I wish places would quit buttering buns.  I can't ever remember to tell them not to butter it and I think the butter actually mutes the taste of the sandwich.  Smashburger wasn't my favorite.  Don't think I'll be dining there again.  I rank it slightly ahead of Culvers.Mad the mistake of going back here.  Hated even worse the second time.  Guess I'm just not a fan.
1	Wish there was a negative star I could rate this pathetic sorry excuse of a burger joint who i still 6 months later, should have given me my money back. I wish I could at least say the service was good, even fair. But sadly no. First they mess up my order by forgetting some toppings I paid extra for. Then I had to ask them for my fries. And that's after a 15 minute wait. And all without so much as an apology. I beg you to not WASTE your money or time in this highly disappointing burger spot
5	This place is to burgers what chipotle is to burritos, a little bit better than their true fast food counterparts. The staff I encountered was very nice and they bring the food out to you, clean up after you, and are very very friendly. I tried their new Buffalo Smashchicken with Sweet Potato Smashfries. Both were excellent and I would return here before I ran off to Arbys, Five Guys, etc. Pricing was very fair at $8.75 for a sandwich and fries.
3	This was was my first visit to smash em up, bash em up burger.  The staff was very friendly upon taking my order and was really good about saying about how long it would take for the food.   I had the classic smash 1/3 pounder and it was good, except it was not done quite enough.  I found it surprising that they didn't ask me how I liked my burger cooked.  For $10, I thought they should have asked.  The food was hot and tasty, I just didn't find it visually appealing for the price.  For a couple bucks less I'd rather go to Culvers.  The decor is minimalist and feels very corporatized.  My friend who suggested the place asked if they actually grilled their burgers and we found out they use 80/20 ground beef.  That was also a bit surprising but then they seemed a little on the greasy side.  I'd come back again, but seems like these places are a dime a dozen.  This one does not come out on my top five burger places.
3	Excellente! Definitely worth checking out.  Their salads are great, too!Oh, and I did list "outdoor seating" but really it's just the curb out front, and you have all of these cars driving by, so it's not really all that comfortable...unless you like the smell of exhaust fumes, that is. ;)
4	Haystack onion rings.  Must go for this alone.  Great burgers, first time I almost couldn't eat a burger right away because it was so hot off the grill!  Tasted fresh, I forgot burgers could (and should!) taste like that.   Nice selection on the menu, too bad I can't stop ordering the burger long enough to try other things! Line can get long fast because cashiers stop taking orders to make a milkshake if someone orders one.  One other minor detail, but they should invest in traditional napkin holders on the tables!  Are several napkins rolled in half tucked in a metal basket.  Hard to get one without smearing them all!
4	I have been to Smash two times now and have had a consistent experience both times.  My burger was tasty covered in BBQ sauce, haystack onions and bacon.  My fries were crisp and best dipped in a side of chipotle ranch (make sure you ask for it, it's free!).  You spend about 10 bucks for the burger and fries, but when you compare that with the various burger places nearby where 10 bucks gets you just the burger, Smash isn't so pricey.
5	I don't always eat burger, but when I do I prefer SMASHBURGER.  There are a lot of good burger spots in town.  There are cheaper ones, high-end ones.  Smashburger falls in the middle, but is as good as  a high-end burger spot.  I got the Arizona burger.  Beef is high-quality, veggies are fresh, bread choices are good (you can get multi-grain bun).  I didn't get any sides.  I noticed on the menu that you can make your own burger by picking out the bread, the patty size, sauce, etc.
4	1/3 lb burger on multigrain with BBQ, lettuce, tomato, pickles...and what is that  vegetable fries sound a little out there but give me some of those too!Explosion of tasty goodness upon arrival.  At this time the best fast food burger I have ever had and those vegetable fries that sounded so odd...GOOD!Next time some sweet potato fries...maybe.
5	I first tried Smashburger because I'd seen it on Facebook. So when I found it in Denver I decided to try it. Now I enjoy it in Phoenix. The one on Camelback has awesome service. The workers there are the bomb.  I enjoy the mushroom and swiss burger and the chicken sandwich. I like the veggie frites best but they have awesome fries. I've yet to try the sweet potato fries but I'll pass on the fried pickles. I've had better and the ones here are salty. Get a shake when you're feeling especially extravagant. They're made with real ice cream!
5	Stopped in for a first visit here today, ordered, & claimed a comfortable booth.  For this second visit to any Smashburger, I ordered a 1/2 lb. BBQ Bacon & Cheeseburger ($6.99), & Smashfries ($1.99).  Like the store on Baseline in Tempe, this one was immaculately clean & had staff members who were perky & eager to please.Pretty soon my order arrived.  This burger comes with meat, bacon, cheese, & a little stack of crispy deep-fried onions, & you add your own ketchup & mustard (both Heinz, of course!), & your own salt & pepper.With REAL metal tableware available to help manage eating this feast, both the hamburger & the fries were terrific.  The special "Smashfries" tasted like good pizza.  I really love this place!     :-))
4	I've tried their smashchicken and smashburger, but love their smashfries.  Their burgers are tasty, but as a sucker for yummy fries... I go here mainly for those when I'm craving something salty and well, not so good for you - but definitely tasty!They're usually pretty steady business wise, even in the off hours, but they manage to maintain a clean location that has pretty speedy service.  I'd have to say though that with a decent amount of competition close by (primarily being Zinburger), they still hold their own.  I think next time I'll try their salad instead though.
4	I've wanted to try this for a while, and finally got around to it the other day. Definitely a place I'll be back to.I ordered the 1/2 pound BBQ bacon burger and Smashfries. The burger was flavored nicely, slightly greasy the way a good burger should be. The bacon, onion straws, BBQ sauce, and cheese topped off the burger nicely.The Smashfries were a pleasant surprise. They're regular fries tossed with rosemary, garlic, and olive oil. Unlike a lot of special fries at places, the flavor was excellent and not overpowering, and they were only 30 cents more than the normal fries.I didn't do a dessert this time, so I'll have to try one next time.
5	Smashburger makes their burgers like you would for your grill at home. You take a pile of beef and flavor it with your favorite spices. Then you roll the meat into a sphere like a meatball and then proceed to smash the meat with your hand into a flat pulp while transforming it into a burger ready for the grill.The Samshburgers are extremely JUICY and flavorable and have friendly and helpful counter help. I usually get the make your own option where you can pick your bun. Sometimes I need a little heat and pick the chipolte bun other times I gravitate to the good ole egg bun. Then you choose your cheese and condiments (they also have sweet relish for the burger). You have a choice between regular smash fries or sweet potato fries. Depending on how hungry you are you can opt for the 1/3 pounder or 1/2 pound patty. They also have chicken as an option, which my wife really enjoys. Again you can choose the make your own chicken option as well.They have ample indoor and outdoor seating. You can get out of here for less than 10 bucks. This place laps the Delux burger type places. And to top it off you don't have to tip for an overpriced burger combo.
4	This time I tried the build-your-own smashburger and it was much better than last time.  Last time I got the AZ smashburger and I think the spices overpowered the burger flavor... but this time it was yummy good.
4	I'd never been here before, but was lucky enough to get a free meal thanks to a Yelp event. I got the bacon burger sans bun to make it more gluten free friendly (just remember to have the onion thingys removed too since they're breaded). Also got the smash fries, which are rosemary and olive oil, which are the best fries ever! Overall, I thought the whole experience was great. Staff was attentive and friendly, the burger was really flavorful and it was a really clean and inviting atmosphere. We tried the butterfinger shake, which I wasn't a huge fan of, just because the texture had a weird fluffy thing going on. I like my shakes thick, so this is just a me thing. I'll be back for sure since it's right up the street for me. Great job Smashburger!
4	I'd never been to Smashburger, but had heard good things, so when Yelp offered an event here that provided a free entree and sample of their new shake, I jumped on the opportunity.  I was not disappointed!  I ordered the Arizona burger (jalapeno peppers, guacamole, and a spicy mayo), and my friend ordered the Mushroom Swiss burger.  Both were delicious!  Definitely a good quality burger, and the fries were pretty good too!  The shake was really good as well.  The atmosphere was clean and bright, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I'd definitely come here again when I get the urge for a good burger.
3	Nothing about this place thrilled me, but I suppose I'd go back again.  Well, I have to since I bought myself a gift card when they were on sale!I found their branding a bit overpowering... Smashburger, Smashchicken, Smashsoda... ok, I get it.  But like the other reviews say, a burger's a burger, and Smash didn't seem to take the concept any further.  I got the Smashchicken Club (or smash-something like that).  It wasn't at all bad, but then what's bad when it's got chicken and avocado on it?  Smashavacado.Smash.  I'll go back, but not tomorrow.  Smash.
4	If you get a hankering for a quick, delicious (and unhealthy) burger fix, you have to go to Smashburger.  Since the burger craze started, there have been an influx of burger joints all claiming to be the best burger in town.  I think this one has the best mix of grease, salt and bun.  When it comes to price, it has a great price point (under $6.00) for a burger, the fries are good although the onion rings admittedly are a little dry but overall, the patty is delicious.  If I'm not going more upscale with Delux, this is the place to go after a day of shopping at the Collonade.
3	Who goes to a restaurant with "Burger" in the name and orders a chicken sandwich?  Me, that's who.  But I had a couple bites of 2 burgers while I was there as well as trying 2 of their fries.The chicken sandwich was quite good.  The fries were also good but not as plentiful as I was led to believe from the cashier.The burgers I tried were also pretty good.  I would go back but the bottom line for me?  Pricey for a pretty good burger.  I can get as good or better for less at other spots around town such as Lobby's: http://www.yelp.com/biz/lobbys-beef-burgers-dogs-tempe
4	One of my work colleagues eats here all the time, and I drive by it enough times... and I've read about it here, so I knew at some point I would eat here. Well today was "that" day. Sunday afternoon -- the place was pretty empty. I asked if they have complimentary WiFi, the cashier stated no, because normally they are so slammed that they wouldn't want guests just lounging around hangin on WiFi. Okay......Ordered my All-American Smashburger, onion stringys.... not bad, I think my total was around $7 + change. The cashier said that it would be 6min for my burger to be delivered to me. He was wrong! It was 3... :) Food was very good. I was nervous about the "egg bun"... but it looked really tasty. (Which it was.) The cheese was nicely melted on my 1/3lb patty. The onion strings were certainly tasty, but they were pretty messy to eat. And I don't remember there being any silverware. So yes to the mess -- and good to eat. I was also impressed with how attentive the staff was to make sure all the tables were cleaned. Good job! Nice to see that. I'll definitely go here again.
4	Sure Smashburger is a "chain burger place" but that doesn't necessarily mean they act nor serve food that taste like any ordinary burger chain restaurant...  They are much better than many other fast food places and well worth the few extra bucks you'll pay for a good burger and fries.We tried their Arizona Smashburger with fried pickles. The burger was cooked to perfection, just the right amount of seasoning and temperature!  It came with fresh guac, jalepenos, chipotle mayo, other veggies with Habanero cheese served on a chiptole bun.  It was fantastic! The fried pickles were also a nice change to fries. Crispy with lite batter and some ranch dressing for dipping.  You've got to try these!We also had the Classic Smashburger with their Smashfries. Again the burger was cooked exceptionally well with just the right balance of seasoning and temp.  Their Smashfries are fries tossed with olive oil, salt, garlic and rosemary. The seasoning was spot on! We've ate fries that are very similar at Diablo Burger in Flag, but the fries at Smashburger are better balanced with rosemary/garlic and salt.Recommendation: order a create your own 1/3 lb Smashburger with which ever bun, but ask for them to toast it ~ they will! Then add an extra 1/3 lb patty and request them to cook it the temp you want it ~ they will. Choose the cheese of your choice with either smashsauce or chipotle mayo and then get all the veggies including jalapenos. Your total will be $6.99 for a 2/3 lb burger of deliciousness that will leave you planning your next trip to Smashburger!  Don't forget to try their fried pickles and down everything with a cold bottle of beer.
4	I have been wanting to try Smashburger for a few weeks now & asked my dad if he'd like to go there for lunch yesterday. We arrived shortly after noon & the place was pretty packed. My dad ordered the grilled smashchicken & I ordered the classic smashburger (no onions, tomatoes or ketchup) with smashfries. Dad enjoyed his chicken sandwich, but said they put too much mayo on it. My burger was pretty good, I must say, the smashsauce that came on it was tasty! The fries were yummy & my dad agreed. Total for both meals with drinks was under $20. We would definitely return!
4	Pretty pretty good.  :)I went with a standard burger, and we ordered one order of regular fries and one order of the sweet potato fries.  Easily the best sweet potato fries I've had in a LONG time.  They're seasoned with rosemary and garlic and they're freaking DELICIOUS. One small snag when I found a hair on my burger (eww) but the staff went WAY above and beyond in rectifying the situation.  Not only did they give us a coupon for a free burger (you have to pay in advance at the counter so this was easier than removing it from the check), they remade the fries so we wouldn't have to eat cold fries while waiting for the new burger.  At least four employees stopped by the table to make sure we were happy with the solution.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Seems like I just keep missing Jessica F. at a few places. Fortunately Im not looking for discount, free or gluten free so Ive got a better chance of giving a unbiased review. I don't know how to really describe it but it was just a better all round burger then Ive had in Phoenix. Had the blue cheese bacon burger with the onion (shredded onions) and IBC root beer.
4	We recently came here after hiking Camalback Mountain and I have to say that the burger and fries that I ordered definitly hit the spot.  As a first time visitor to Smashburger I decided to go with the Arizona Smashburger which is Habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, onion, chipotle mayo and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun.  It also comes with tomatoes, but I don't do tomatoes because I think they are disgusting.  Don't get me wrong, I like tomato sauce...unless of course it has big chunks of tomatoes in it.  I like salsa, unless it also has big chunks of tomatoes in it or if it tastes too much like fresh tomatoes.  Well anyway this burger was pretty freagin good and I highly recommend it as a fast food option.  I also ordered the smash fries which were a perfect compliment to my burger!
5	The food is great. The workers are great. It's always a treat to go here.
1	Uh...how is it that this place has so many good reviews?!  I love me a good burger and there are a few places in town that serve yummy burgers, Delux being one.  In retrospect we should have gone there instead but we, my beau and I, wanted to try a new place.  Yeah, well that'll learn us.  This place was soooo gross .  I don't think I have ever had such a greasy burger.  I was excited to see fried pickles on the menu, since I haven't had fried pickles since I left the South.  Well that excitement was quickly snuffed out after my first bite.  I think it's safe to say that we will  not being going back there again.
5	fast casual. that is their motive. this place fights for my second favorite burger in town (The Grind). fresh ingredients make these burgers' MO and some secret seasoning in the patty's grind. mcdonald's old french fry recipe with a bit of a twist. i've had a 1/3lb, 1/2lb, grilled chicken, and fried chicken. two salads, 4 different types of burgers, and 2 different kids meals (they sponsor my softball team so we are there frequently). $10 for a burger meal seems pricy but they have it all figured out. And until the end of Feb, they have LV's sin city burger. Do not miss out on this. Best selling burger in all SmashBurger stores nationwide. Also, this camelback location won franchise of the  year in 2010. be on the lookout for the SmashMobile driving around.
5	ok..this place just rocks. Great burgers, great employees, great fries...enough said. Ok, i think I am hungry now...
5	Absolutely love the Arizona Smashchicken. (sans onions)Really fun burgers and the staff are well-trained to smile and say nice things to you. (If they don't, just punch them) Top it off with a great milkshake and you're arteries will never be the same. They gave me and the missus a free chocolate malt just so they could see us drink it together sharing straws.
4	Awesome burgers, fries are so-so. Definitely not a healthy choice. But what do you expect? You're eating fried food.
4	Just ate here for the first time. Here are my impressions:Loved the atmosphere (much more so then 5 Guys)LOVED the veggie Frites. So nice to know that you can get real, fresh,        veggies at a fast food joint. We went back and got a 2nd order.Chicken salad was 5 stars for a fast food joint.The burger was good, not great. Tasted slightly greasy. Bun was yummy.I ordered the regular fries (supposedly like McDonald's original). They were ok. Could have been hotter. I guess I am getting spoiled by fries that are more like 5 Guys (fresh cut, skin on).I had a coke float with Hagan Daz vanilla ice cream in it. Very generous portion of ice cream and I got to add my own coke and keep refilling as many times as I wanted. I thought that was awesome. My obvious comparison to 5 guys is because these are really the only 2 burger chains that are a cut above all of the rest. (Sorry In and Out, these 2 are better)So, 5 Guys wins on the burgers and fries, but Smashburger wins in all other areas because they have ice cream, not to mention it is Hagan Daz, my favorite, milkshakes and more variety of food choices on the menu and a lot of those are healthy options.
3	12/22/10Yelp offered Yelp members a chance to eat here for free, and hooray, I was one of the lucky few!  (Was a bit confused at first as this "event" was not organized like other meet-and-eat Yelp events; I was just supposed to mention to the cashiers that I was on the Yelp list- no big deal.)  Had the BBQ, Bacon, and Cheese burger and "sweet potato smashfries."  Had to wait a bit on the fries, as the deal only included their regular "smashfries" (rosemary, garlic, and olive oil).  [FYI, other side fries' options were Haystack Onions and Veggie frites (flash-fried asparagus, carrots, and green beans- all sound great to me, except I'm allergic to carrots.  And maybe green beans.  LOL.)]  After finally trying the soggy sweet potato fries, I'd wished I'd stuck w/ the regular smashfries, which were actually tasty and nicely-crisped!)  The burger is definitely "smashed," and it was definitely greasy, but, oh was it delicious!  Really loved the added crispy onions strings, too.  I had them put the BBQ sauce on the side (didn't know what ingredients were used to make it), so I can't review that.  Honestly, though, w/ the cheese, shoestring onions, crispy thick-cut bacon, and, of course, the grease, there's no need for the BBQ!  The meal also included a free fountain drink and a sample of two choices of mixed-in ice creams (something akin to TCBY shivers, DQ's blizzards, and Ted Drewes' concretes).  I chose the butterfinger (yes, I know these cornflaked candies are off-limits to me, and perhaps the Haagen-Daaz ice creams, too-- some varieties have corn syrup and cornstarch in them), but I like Butterfinger, and so I dove in!  The 4 oz. sample was very, very good!  Great, even!  Too bad I couldn't eat the whole thing (the less allergens consumed, the better!), but I sooooooo wanted to, though!Service was quick and efficient.  Friendly, too!  And the women's restroom was clean and fresh, and the dining area, while a little crowded, was also clean.  There's not a lot of fast-food places I'll go eat at willingly, but I definitely would not turn up my nose at Smashburger!
2	I don't get the fervor over this place. Our neighbors seem to like it a great deal, and we've given it 3-4 shots, but I've been disappointed with the food every single time. It's not often I'm disappointed by burgers.Price points are nice, I suppose, but I think you'd be better off driving to In'n'Out or paying more at Zinburger, which is only about a mile away.
5	Fast service. Great burgers and fries. So far the Arizona burger coupled with sweet potato fries is my favorite.
5	Best BBQ salad in the valley, I challenge you to try it out!
4	Tried this place for the second time.  Very quality burger, for the people who say in-n-out is better they must be crazy.  I am a fan of in-n-out but my first impression both times is that this is a very high end burger chain style burger i.e. no ordering medium rare, etc.  It beats in-n-out bar none.  Very high quality burger.
4	The name Smash Burger reminded me of a cook angrily smashing the patties in the kitchen ;)I went there twice already and finally decided to give a review: The burger is truly great, juicy, and you have a WIDE array of choices of toppings/sides  to put on it even though the menu looks simple. (for example, fried eggs ;) ) the rosemary garlic fries.....Mmmmm....sorry i was drooling thinking about it. It is divine to say the least.  Customer service is great the both time I was there too. The price might seem a tad high for a burger place but it is worth every penny. TL;DR version: if you want an awesome burger, come here. If you want a quick fix of burger, go to In n Out.hope this has been useful
4	Yeah that was a good burger & the service was top notch. The staff was very accommodating. I felt well taken care of & was even offered a to go cup for the road home. I'll be checking in for sure. They should post some check-in deals, just a thought. So yeah get your smash on.
2	So I have been wanting to try Smashburger for a while, I heard heard really good things about their fries.  So me a my boyfriend decided to give it a whirl for lunch the other week.  The menu looked and sound great, just when the food came out I was disappointed.  Burger:  It is the thin flat, sonic style paddy.  Now I know why when we asked for medium they told us no.  I wash picturing more of the juicy thick burger cooked to order.Fried:  There specialty is a olive oil and garlic fry.  They forgot to make mine the special way.  I mentioned something when my food came out.  You can tell they took my fries, dumped EVOO all over them and brought them outFried Pickles:  These were actually the  best, thin slices fried with a nice dipping sauce, I do recommend thisMilk Shake:  Okay it would have to be impossible to mess this up.  Haggen Daas ice cream....enough saidLong story short I see why people would like smashburger I just prefer a different kind of burger
3	I've decided to up the rating of this place to 3 stars because I went back for a second try. (it was close to work)  This time the burger actually had juices left.  They still wont cook it less then well done which puts me off but at least it had flavor this time.I still dont recommend this place when you can spend a bit more and get a real burger at FEZ, Zinburger or Delux.
2	Friendly service? Absolutely yes! Unique packaging? Sure.  Good food? Meh -not extraordinary.  Economical pricing? Absolutely not.Why would a $7 burger/sandwich NOT include fries? And since when did a shake cost $4?  To their credit they also gave us the leftovers.  But the $50 bill was a surprise and disappointment.If you have a family of 5, including teenagers, go somewhere that sells baskets/combos.  If you're 1 or 2 eaters, you'll be fine.
4	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Us Service Dogs love hamburgers, especially when they are so tasty and juicy as they are in this place. Also have outside tables and are pet friendly!
5	Trying this place for the first time before I head into work... The Buffalo SmashChicken with Fried Pickles on the side. And of course a Kilt Lifter in a frozen MUG. Please Thank You.The little wire trays my meal come in reminds me of a cleaner version of the way Corban's serves their burgers (minus the reused white napkin - I don't know about you but it is odd to me)They have a sad little tip jar by the register that has tennis in it. The wait staff is cute. So tip the boys...
3	Great menu. Arizona burger was great... Unfortunately the guys that work here don't know what good service is. The women that work there do tho....the girl cashier offered me water and another girl who bagged my to go order apologized for the delay...the guys were more interested in talking to each other than waiting on people
1	This place was horrible ond overpriced.  Save yourself $40 and go to McDonald's.
2	Ambiance is good and on the surface you expect to have a better than average burger given the price and the upscale feel of the place.  I've been there twice, and coincidentally the same things have happened both times:The cashier didn't know how to input a make your own burger, with chili, egg, and grilled onions (even though everything is on their list of ingredients to make your own)The cook forgot my chiliThey were out of silverwareI asked for a side of mayo which they forgot.The most recent time, the burger and flavor of the meat was good, but it was a sloppy mess.  The 1/2 lb. patty dwarfed the bun, which was rendered useless.  When I did finally find the lower half of the bun it was a soggy and greasy.My fries were cold and underdone.Something seemed off too, as if the kitchen was short-staffed or inexperienced, as I saw orders going back and the food runners seemed confused.I still *may* go back but I'd rather go to in-n-out like others have pointed out (not Five Guys though, I'd still rather have this than any food from that pit).
3	So we were in Phoenix last week with our 14s vball club and they decided they wanted to eat SmashBurger. I know they have one here in SD, but it never really grabbed my attention much. I was really excited to eat there. We arrived with about 15+ people and the service was great. The guy "KIRBY" at the cash register was quick and new pretty much all the answers to the questions everyone asked. I had the BUILD YOUR OWN... Chicken burger. I made a mistake of getting 2 sauces on one burger but that is not why they only got 3 stars. I gave them 3 stars because I guess I expected more. I didn't get a burger but when I seen the burgers that were being served I'm glad I got my chicken. The patties were really skinny (not plump and juicy) ... maybe thats why they are called smash burger, because the burger literally looked like it was smashed to its thinnest life span. But I would go back and try their burgers, but it was just OK for me.... If the second time around I go and its just "OK"... I probably would just stick to IN & OUT or Burger Lounge!:) Happy smashing...
4	My son LOVES this place. Their rosemary garlic fries are really good.
4	Traveling through Phoenix looking for someplace to stop and eat, we stumbled upon Smashburger.You order at the counter, seat yourself and the food is delivered to your table. They sell beer and fountain soda to help you wash down your burger and accoutrements.My wife and I both got the Classic, a burger with "Smash sauce" (described by the counter clerk as a mixture of mayo, mustard and pickle relish), lettuce, onion, pickle, and tomato. The burgers were:1. Obviously fresh, not frozen, meat - this was apparent by the odd shape of the meat.2. Juicy and not overcooked.3. Seasoned wellWe were both happy with our burgers.The garlic and rosemary fries were good, when hot. When they cooled down, the flavor became almost cloying. Maybe it's just because I am not too big a fan of rosemary. Nonetheless, an interesting take on fast food fries.I was not too unhappy with the price tag. Two burgers and fries for $14. Seems pretty standard to me. The atmosphere of the place is kind of sterile. It's not a place to grab a burger, have a few beers and hang out. As I said, we were traveling through, so it met our needs well for this visit and I would likely return.
4	burger and fries will run about 10 bucks.they are tastier if you do not take out. eat there!
4	My favorite burger joint at the moment well other than when my partner makes burgers.
5	I'm giving Smashburger a 5-star rating primarily for the quality of service I received when eating there recently for my first time. The guy working the register was friendly, and when I was 77 cents short he covered it for me, thus saving me a trip back to the car and another hit on my debit card. The girl who brought us our food was also very hospitable, getting me several condiments for my fries, and even suggesting I try their chipotle sauce (which I did, and it was decent). She also offered to get me a to-go cup for my drink when she noticed we were finished with our meals. It's rare, especially these days, to feel like the employees actually enjoy their jobs and take pride in making sure that the customer has a good experience. As for the food, I got a 1/2lb BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and it was pretty damn good. Reminded me of a Fuddrucker's burger moreso than, say, In'n'Out or Five Guys, definitely a little different than the norm when it comes to burger joints. I had the Smash Fries, which I thought were delicious with the seasoning they used.If you are looking for a burger but you're sick of the norm, give Smashburger a try, you might just be pleasantly surprised as I was.
4	Very fast, fresh and consistent. They always get our orders correct and we are a bit picky. Ie: no butter on the bread, no cheese, ranch on the side etc. They always get it just right.  Also, I have never been there when they haven't checked on us to make sure we are enjoying our meals. Great service, great food.
4	BEST BURGER HANDS DOWN!!!!!! Quality ingredients, great prices! The fries are out fo this world, and the onion straws are a great addition. The egg bun they use is so good. You get alot of burger for your buck! Only thing I did not like was that everything had to be bought separately, no combos, but that is minor.
4	Helpful, friendly staff that does a nice job.  Food is pretty good, although I keep trying the same two things over and over (I guess that confirms it's good).I can't get on board with the whole gourmet burger thing that has spread like a cancer through every westernized country on the planet, but I like Smashburger and had my girlfriend who hadn't been there tell me recently that I must have mentioned that we should go there about 1,000 times.  Has to count for something.
5	This place is definitely at the top of my list for burger joints!! The smash burgers are outstanding, the smash fries are delicious and the Nutter Butter shakes are the perfect dessert to top it all off! The staff is friendly and patient. Most the time I go there the place is busy so seating can be difficult for bigger groups, but well worth any trouble.
4	Not bad since I was tad bit worried when I saw the patty.  A little thin I thought to myself.  However, my first bite into it was delightful!  I ordered the Arizona - Habanero Cheese, Guacamole, Chipotle Mayo, on a Chipotle bun.  Though it was a tad bit spicy I scarfed my burger down in less than 5 minutes.  Maybe I should have ordered the larger size.  I love my burgers with Jalapenos and an extra kick and the Arizona delivered.  I was disappointed by the fries though; very plain and my sweet potato fries were soggy -- Blah!The ambience has that modern diner feel and look.  Stainless steel and high vaulted ceilings make this place cold and loud.  I didn't mind, but I sat outside regardless.  On a perfect night I recommend that - good food and good weather -- sign! - Enjoy!
4	First time here. Fast, friendly - reasonably priced.  I'm next door to best buy waiting to get a new stereo installed in my car. I love the convenience of a chicken sandwich for lunch in under 6 min.  Very fast.  Very good. Will be back
3	At 1st I really liked smash... I would even get cravings! But now not so much. The last 2 times I went my fries were soggy! ew sick! I dont mind paying $20 for fast food when it tastes good but sheesh.... Get it together! Also the boy who took my order at the  20th and Camelback store was quite rude. I will give them 2 more trys before I cut them off for good. (I still get the smash cravings) hahaha
1	Simply stated..............a GREASY burger from start to finish..NOT 4 me....This place I will avoid while I continue on to a real good burger joint.!!
1	Disgusting!! I left with a stomach ache and empty wallet.  My boyfriend really wanted to try out Smashburger so I agreed. Boy I wish I would have stuck to my guns and said NO! Boyfriend had the mushroom swiss and said it tasted not so great. I had the Arizonian and the only thing on it that I enjoyed was the guacamole. It was the most awful tasting burger I have ever had. Unless of course you love the taste of grease because that's all the burger tasted like to me. I think their whole gimmick is to "smash" the flavor out of the meat and sop up all the grease flavor. I tried the Smashfries too and meh. They tasted like frozen shoestring fries thrown in the over. They were not appetizing.Definitely not a fan and will likely never go back.
3	First time here.    Trying the Arizonan.  -  AFTER THE BURGER... Not AMAZING, but the burger was something I am glad I tried.  It was made with care and the food was fresh.  I was not a fan of the wire food trays, but it was a good experience overall.
3	Food - 4/5Burgers and chicken sandwiches are both delicious. Smash fries are great, love the chili cheese fries.Service - 4/5Always good service, food is fast.Atmosphere - 3/5nothing special, fast food can be REALLY busy and packed with people.Price - 3/5Average I can't really complain, you'll spend around $10 for a burger fries and a drink.Overall - Quality burger, certainly not "Disgusting!!" or "GREASY" like other 1 star wonders have rated it, If you like burgers worth a try.
3	I think their food is great. Have never been disappointed by the quality. But I do have the say, the service is somewhat lacking. I've only been here at night, when it was dead, so I didn't have much to say about that. But then I went here during their lunch rush and it was awful. Chipotle gets just as busy and I am in and out in 10 - 15 minutes flat. At Smashburger it took me 40 minutes to get my salad. 40 minutes!? Then on top of that, the lady gave me the incorrect order. I got all the way to my car and thankfully had the inkling to look before driving away. I came back and they gave me the correct order, but didn't apologize. And the woman said, "I tried to catch you before you left. I'm glad you came back." Umm how hard did you try exactly? You must've whispered my name.I won't stop going here because of that, I'll just never ever go during lunch again. I suggest you take a note from Chipotle, maybe change up how you take or give the orders, because 40 minutes for a salad is absurd.
3	Visited Smashburger today with a friend for lunch.I had the Smash Classic Chicken sandwich on the multi-grain bun. It was really tasty and the "smash sauce" had a nice kick to it.  My friend built his own Smash burger and said it was delicious!  We ordered the Smash sweet potato fries and the Smash fries-both were really good and I like the rosemary and olive oil on the regular fries but I prefer my SPF to be a little more plain.  Just my preference.  Still a good place if you want a yummy burger and fries and not go through the trouble of a sit down restaurant.
3	I really like Smashburger, but I have a problem with it, as well.I can't order anything else when I eat here other than the AZ burger and rosemary-garlic fries.There are a lot of burger joints out there, but one thing that sets Smashburger apart is the level of service. You order, pour your own drink, then take your number and put it on your table and your meal is served to you with a smile. It gets busy at lunch hour but the staff deals with the rush pretty efficiently. During my most recent visit, someone in my party got a chicken salad with no chicken in it. When she told the manager about this, he promptly offered to grill her a chicken breast and apologized. On her way out, the manager also presented her with a coupon for a free sandwich on her next visit. Accountability. Nice!
5	Outstanding customer service! To top it with bomb food! Seriously I wish they had more of these in the valley.  This place reminds me of fuddruckers. If you havnt tried one of there burgers then you are missing out! this place is addicting!You will eat here and wonder why you still eat at burger king or jack in the box. This place puts them to shame!
3	Suggested by a friend. Had the Arizona burger with fries. Good burger, Excellent fries!!! Could of ate a few pounds of the fries! Can't say anything bad but I love the hell out of my Lennys! Sorry
5	Hands down the best burger in town! Mushroom Cheddar Burger! The buns are key to the burger also. Well done guys!
2	I've been here a few times and it is always inconsistent . The Burgers are pretty tasty but they are super greasy. The fries are good when there hot....
4	Descent burger. Lots of flavor. Goes good with the sweet potato fries
4	I had the smash fries and an Arizona burger both were really good. Luckily, I was able to sneak in before the lunch rush, there was a long line. I didn't like the paper lined wire mesh trays, I thought I was going to make a mess. All-in-all great good and atmosphere. Check it out!
3	I had high hopes going into this place when I worked over by it. The menu was slightly confusing to order from, the rosemary-garlic fries were good but the burger was kind of meh. Nothing to really write home about, or make me say I would really like to go back!The staff was nice, the wait wasn't bad, and the environment was clean. If you are just looking for a place to stop by and try so you don't have to go to Arby's across the street certainly give this place a look-see.
2	I had heard good things about this place from friends so I decided to try it out.  I ordered 2 burgers, fries, and a soda.  It cost me 17 dollars!!!!  That is very high for a burger.  I'm not really sure if this place is considered fast food, but compared other burger places I frequent it was definitely the most expensive.  I built my own burger, and I like my burgers pretty simple.  The burger was disappointing though, size was good for a single patty, but I could probably have gotten a double for the same price at any other place.  The actual patty was pretty bland, the rest of the toppings and bun were pretty good, but without a good patty they can only go so far.  The fries were also kind of bland.  They were advertised with rosemary and garlic on them.  I've had good garlic fries and these were nowhere close, I got a faint hint of garlic, not a wake up all my senses amount of garlic that I was hoping for.  Overall the price was the real killer.  If I could have gotten my order for 5 dollars less I would consider going back, but there are better burgers out there for less money.
1	This place is awesome if you love greasy burgers...soggy fries. I don't get the love for this pit. Just terrible.
2	This is bad-burger review night for me, as I crave a big veggie burger, but everything is closed.I had low opinions of the Habit and their hockey puck veggie burger, and I must sadly report the same of Smashburger.  Just a lump of nothing.  I would rather eat a cardboard container from Burger King than eat another Smashburger veggie burger.  Yuck.  As others have said, the customer service is fine, but I can't eat customer service, and as a vegetarian I can't eat the servers, either, although I'm sure even their uniforms taste better than the veg burger.  God, I really hated that burger, didn't I?  This is another one of these places where I will simply never go again because it was just so bad and bland.  Here's a tip to all restauranteurs: don't put a veggie burger on the menu if you really don't give a shit about veggie burgers or if you simply plan to buy a giant box of a thousand Boca burgers at Costco.  I love Boca burgers in a pinch, at home, and only if slathered in my own BBQ sauce, but not in your damn restaurant.  The only good part about this experience was that they have plenty of parking, and oh, the people who work there are very friendly.  Other than that, yuck.
4	The Smash Fries were heavenly, rosemary and olive oil. Burger was great. A little greasy, which I like. Topping choices were good.
1	Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.  Overcooked tasteless burgers.  Dried out chicken breasts.  Soggy flavorless fries.  The only thing we had worth ordering was the Nutter Butter shake.  The shake wasn't enough to save it from the 1 star rating.  Might be the worst restaurant burger I have ever had.
4	Great food! Fries always seem overdone but they taste great. Wait can be long so get there early.
5	Well I was taken out the other day and the person who knew I love a good burger suggested this place, being that I never heard of it I was like sure ok.WOW is all I can say, the menu was very interesting and it all looked and sounded good. So I order the BBQ, Bacon & Chedder, and a order of Smash Fries (French Fries with oil and some seasoning)I go and get my drink and sit down and the order is brought to my table.Burger was cooked to the way I asked for the and the fries were awesome.The burger was very tasty and not dry (People who kvetch about grease, HELLO a burger is supposed to be greasy, this is not a heath food choice!!! and to the reviewer complaining about her Veggie Burger, really? why are you getting something that looks like a burger? Go have a salad.)The food was served quite quickly and seating was not a issue, I want to go back to this place soon.
5	I went there again last Thursday for a quick lunch before my afternoon meetings. The food was served very fast and I love their sweet potato fries, very yummy.  I've tried them a few times in their different locations, but I think the one in Camelback tastes better than the one in Tempe Marketplace.  Would love to try it again sometime :)  I am actually not a big fan for burgers anymore after I moved to the US from China, but I do like their sides and feel a bit healthier than a big burger!
4	Arizona Burger was delicious, fresh off the grill when I got it. It was hot in terms of temperature and spiciness, so it was pretty stupid of me to walk there and back from my office in the Phoenix heat for it. OK value overall. I'll definitely be back to try more from the menu.
2	Really, $5 for a smashed burger and little flavor?  Can't say that I will be back, except for the fried pickles, maybe.  I guess there are certain burger joints that I don't understand, this is one of them.  I heard great things but was very disappointed.  The flavor of the burger just wasn't there.  I was not a fan of the fries, too much rosemary for me.  Again, the fried pickles were amazing and they serve beer, so that was a bonus.Maybe it was just me, but still worth a try for those of you who have not ate here.
5	I went here for my first time a few weeks ago. Originally I went here to get coupons to wet and wild but then decided to eat here as well. I'm glad I decided such a good choice, the service here was great. They asked if I was a new customer and was more than happy to tell me what to order and how things worked. There are a good selection of burgers and sides. I ordered the Bufallo Chicken burger with blue cheese and that was delicious. It wasn't too heavy and had that nice bufallo wing sauce kick! The shoe string fries I got as my side was great too! If your looking for a good burger place, I would recommend this place. I would definitely come here again!
4	Arizona burger with habenero cheese and sliced jalapenos.  Most cannot take the heat.  If you are looking for something different and spicy, it is good.
3	I came here on Saturday night for my first time.  I would describe Smashburger as elevated fast food, almost Chipotle like in design.  It was a very nicely decorated facility and the service was great.  A pretty expansive menu for this type of place.  A variety of burgers, salads, and other types of sandwiches.  A lot of sides are offered as well.  They bring the food to your table and have real utensils.  The downside of this place was the food was meh.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great.  But what I paid for the food I really can't complain.  I can easily oversee coming here again, but if I'm in a pinch I will go back.
3	This location is better in the evening!  Lunch can be hit or miss in both service and quality of product.  I've found going later in the evening and you get better stuff all the way around.  They've changed the menu a bit so it seems more expensive. I think you used to get a break if you added a side to an entree......and now everything is ala carte....but the salads with grilled chicken are delightful and the smashfries are yummy.  The Hagen Dazs shakes are super rich and NOT something I get often but are worth it every now and then.I ask for the Honey Mustard Chicken salad (off menu but they'll still make it) and I like that they offer the salad alone or add protein for a few more bucks.  Seems more fair to the vegan/vegetarian crowd as opposed to omitting protein which you are paying for!
4	I had this place To-Go when I went up to Sun City to visit my father-in-law for his birthday weekend.  We came from visiting the Phoenix Living History Museum and we were driving home.  I noticed Smashburger on the way to the Museum because their logo is VERY similar to the GameStop logo and color.  Anyway, my boyfriend was the one who suggested this place and their Smash Fries.We walked into this place, and it seemed pretty decent.  Place was clean,it smelled good, the people taking down orders were attentive and bubbly..  It was cool.  I think the older folks got the Classic Smash Burger, and my boyfriend and I got the California Smash Burger... which had Avocado and the rest of the veggie fixings.  Instead of the regular meat patty, I ordered it with grilled chicken, added jalepenos (I love heat!), and habenero (which is really pepperjack....) cheese.We took the food home, it was still warm to eat.  The flavor was good, the burgers had a good size.  The burgers when we got it to go were in their individual bags and tagged which one was which.  The individual bags also came with a cute little ketchup packet and napkins, lol.  I completely forgot to order Smash Fries, but my step mom-in-law did and I took a few pieces from her.If I find this place somewhere in California I wouldn't mind eating from this place again.  Flavor was good, but it doesn't compare to In & Out Burger :)
5	Some restaurants you can go just for the food because eating is the point of having a restaurant to begin with.  Smashburger takes this experience to a new level.   You'll love what they've done to the traditional burger joint.  The atmosphere is unique and delicious.  The food is edgy, hip, and inviting.  Wait ... switch that.
5	amazing haagon doz milkshake and awesome burgers... i highly recommend this place
3	Nothing wrong with it, but nothing that draws me back, either. The meat is good quality. You won't be confusing it for any of the fast-food chains. Of course, you're paying quite a bit more than at any McDonalds/Burger King/Wendys/etc. Standard-size fries and burger is about $10-$11. Add a drink and you're in the $15 range. For a burger.Oh well.
4	I usually don't review chains, but this spot is very good. I first went on Friday because I found a buy one get one free chicken sandwich coupon online. They have 5 or 6 different specialty chicken sandwiches and you can get it grilled or fried. I opted for the grilled chicken sandwich with portabello mushrooms and swiss cheese. It came on an egg bun and was DELICIOUS!  I also split an order of the smash fries, great fries with olive oil, garlic and rosemary. They were great too. I enjoyed my meal so much I went to another location by my house for lunch again over the weekend. The sandwiches were inconsistent, but both good. Teh service was good at both locations and the prices were great. Teh sandwiches were $7.00 and well worth it. The fries were $2. I also got a cup of chili the 2nd trip and it was great as well and only cost $2. They've got a new fan but PLEASE be more consistent on the food from location to location.
5	Thanks to Smashburger for hosting the restaurant night for Sunnyslope High School Band. Great food for a great cause!
5	Best burgers in town hands down
5	This burger place is top of the food chain. Amazing food with AMAZING service. Employees are very friendly and I will definitely be coming back again. Best burger in a LONG time.
4	Of all the burger places I've tried so far, I have to say that this one is my favorite. It must be the saltiness and juiciness of the burgers AND the delightful crispy chicken sandwiches. Service is always friendly and they always check on you to make sure everything is alright. The shakes are very nice, too. I just wish they would bring back the wine!
2	I've eaten at this place many times, but this is my first time reviewing on Yelp. While I have enjoyed my chicken sandwich, the fries were cold. My first job was at a fast food restaurant, so I know how long it takes for fries to get cold and inedible. That knowledge just makes it all the more insulting, knowing that my food was cooked BEFORE I set foot in the establishment. Lazy. Very lazy.If you're going to serve me an awesome sandwich, why pair it with a side that was borderline comatose? Unhappy. Next time I want a good experience I'll just go to The Stand.
5	You have to try the Fried Pickles. OMG! So good!So I am addicted! Yes, in love with the Yum! Yum! This place "Rocks!" I don't eat red meat so there is options for those who have a creative diet. Yep, you can even build your own sandwich. The SMASHChicken that is flavored very well served grilled or crispy. I prefer grilled then I load it with all the yummy toppings they have to offer. Fresh raw or grilled toppings. With your choice of cheese or sauce. You can also choose your bun. Different flavors or have it wrapped in lettuce.Now back to the sides. Those Fried Pickles make me say "hmmmm,hmmmm, good!" I tried the Onion Strings for the 1st time today and they are mighty tasty. I was not a big fan of their regular small cut fries because I like flavor but the Rosemary Smash Fries are beyond good. Then they have Sweet Potato Fries that are also good.The price point for the portions they offer are good. Enough to leave you full or walkout with a doggy bag. They serve desert. I have yet to attempt to eat any because I fill upon my food I haven't room after. lol!Best customer service. I have never seen an employee look unhappy. Your always greeted with a smile and your always thanked when you leave. The restaurant is always clean with fast service. I admire the managers they are friendly and actually work. Yes, besides greeting they are working with the line cooks, using the register or delivering the goods. I am very impressed. SMASHBurger is beyond fast food. They are a resturant that offers a variety based on dietary needs that is served fast, but healthy.
1	Hate this place. The burger tasted like grease with a little touch of bbq sauce. The bacon was like plastic... the fries were not as bad, the seasoning was pretty good, but again dripping with grease... I was literally able to squeeze the grease out of my fries and burger. Not to mention both my boyfriend and I were very VERY sick after eating there. Not a place I would recommend .
5	Um one word YUM!! This place is so good! The chicken sandwiches are so yummy my tummy is grumbling thinking about it!The cashiers were really friendly and helpful with any questions I had. I will def be back!
4	Breaking News: The Hulk decided to open his very own burger joint and called it Smashburger.  Whaaaa? you asked.  That's right.  The Hulk's signature move is now being incorporated into how his burgers are made.Splat.  Splat.  Okay, okay.  I was joking of course.  For all we know, he really did come up with this.  ;-pThe funny thing though is, I never really order the beef burgers here.  I LOVE, LOVE their crispy chicken burgers with swiss mushrooms! Sooo effing goood! The patty is so crispy while the breast meat is tender and juicy! TRUST ME.  YOU NEED TO TRY.The buns hun! fantastic! I think within the last year or so, they've revamped their decor and added an "Ice Tea Bar."  Its kind of cool, cuz the Tea Dispenser is in a tubular, modern shape and colorful too making it "pop."  I usually get their mango passion or something like that.  Its awesome!I'm hungry just typing this out.
4	Always friendly staff there. Love the grilled chicken avocado club sandwich & smash fries! Not to pleased with the shakes :(
4	Love this place. Great selection, of burgers and fries. Sign up for their special offers.
3	Let me just start off by saying I LOVE smashburger. I go to the one by my house A LOT! I'm addicted. However, I did not have the best experience at this location. All was well until I went to return to my table after getting my drink... The floor was wet and I slipped. Luckily, I was able to catch myself on a nearby booth!I informed one of the workers that the floor was wet and I had slipped, her response, "Oh, it is probably this rug, sorry about that." So she put a caution wet floor sign up and went about her business. My food came, however, I was missing my milkshake. I informed the worker (same one as before) she seemed a little irritated.... But promptly made and delivered my shake. The food and shake were delicious  as always. Unfortunately, putting out the sign was the only action taken to the wet floor and another customer slipped and this time actually fell to the floor. I immediately asked if she was ok, and informed her that I did the same thing! She told another employee about what happened, their solution was... To move the wet floor sign! Yet again. The other lady who slipped and fell got the manager and then someone finally came out to clean up the puddle. If the food wasn't so good their stars may have been lower! Puddles on the floor are not to be ignored! It's a safety risk.
3	Not bad. Not bad at all.Salads are a good size for the price, though with how much dressing is added, I doubt it's much healthier than a burger. Still, it tasted good. The burgers aren't too greasy and I like that there's different size options.Staff was friendly and restaurant was clean. I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
5	Delicious so scrumptous those fries of yours are awesome. Thanks for the great lunch and fast service. I enjoyed it immensely!
5	Excellent burgers , highly recommend the Arizona burger for the spicy lovers. The avocado club is a personal favorite.
3	I went here hoping to get a delicious burger , while they werent bad they kind of lacked flavor. Also I was hoping that the smash fries would have more of an intense flavor, fried pickles were good! The staff was friendly. Overall, this place is just pretty forgettable and honestly won't find myself craving it often!
4	First time here from Cali and I have to say that it is a damn fine burger! The shake is little frozen and the fries can use some work but the burger is par with in n out!
4	Mom kept saying in and out is better, and how they try to copy their fries. Lmao. Ohhhh mommmmI loveeee my black bean burger.   yummm. With our without the bun is still delicious. Ugh, now debating if we should walk next door to get cold stone. Lolz
3	This Smashburger reminds me why I thought I didn't really like Smashburger until I tried the one at Tempe Marketplace and then encountered the pure bliss of the ASU location.How, you ask, is this Smashburger different from the Smashburgers of joy and repletion? First, it lacks the large menu board placed where the line forms. The lighted board up behind the counter is barely readable when you're at the counter, with the result that people squint and dither and have no idea what they're doing. Despite the cheerfulness of the counter personnel, ordering starts on the wrong foot.Second, there is something peculiar about the kitchen set-up. On the rare occasions when I've ordered take-out, it has taken forever (with eat-in people behind me served first) and that was apparently the case this time, as the clerks were apologizing to waiting take-out customers. The cluster of sulky people near the pop machines does not help the mood.Third, the food is just okay. I mean, it's better than the Wendy's across the street, and I certainly whiffled it down; but now I get why people have been raving over The Stand.Fourth, dear god, people, LET ME FINISH MY MEAL. I was attempting to work on a story at my laptop while eating. I was not taking an unduly long time over it, and the place had no lack of empty tables. Clerks were so thoroughly all over me, trying to clear my tray when I visibly wasn't done, that I checked my reflection to make sure a bad-hair day wasn't making me look homeless or something. I would NEVER eat-in at this location again, and only under dire conditions of hunger would I go to it again. Even though the food is decent, the experience is so fretful that it's not relaxing or pleasant.
4	If you want a tasty fast burger this is it!  Clean and friendly service.  They even clear the table for you.  They also have some of the best sweat potato fries I've ever had!
5	Killer burgers as they smash the competition! Wow! Awesome! 100% premium beef. This is not like other beef at the other burger joints in town. This is the finest quality beef. I finally made it there to try it out and I am glad that I did. The fries and sauce were great as well. Big burger, fries, soda all for about $9. It is certainly worth every penny. Just writing this review makes my mouth water. You order up at the counter and they bring the food to your table. The area that it is in is very affluent and land leases are expensive. I just hope that they can make it financially.
5	The Arizona burger is incredible! I want to have one every day!
4	Locale is clean, staff is friendly. Had the classic chicken, smash fries and lemon herb tea. Food is good, price is reasonable. Had a good lunch.
3	The burgers are Meh, the fries are awesome. Maybe they should be called SmashFries? But the staff is nice and place is clean.
5	I've loved Smashburger since attending a Yelp event at Smash in CA, where we literally got to smash our own burgers and learn about it's background and their mission!We learned that Smashburger locations have regional burgers and was so excited to try the Arizona burger here. I ordered the Arizona burger, a PB&J shake (as always) and Smash Fries- which come free if you fill out the survey on a Smashburger receipt.The Arizona burger comes with a 1/3 lb patty, fresh Jalapenos, Chipotle Mayo, Habenero Cheese, Guacamole, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion sandwiched between a Chipotle Bun. Spice lovers, you will enjoy this burger. It was juicy, spicy and had tons of flavor. It is a hefty burger, but I managed to eat the whole thing! The PB&J shake is always my fave here since it has Strawberry and Nutter Butter blended into one drink. The Smash Fries are okay if you're looking for simple, thin cut fries. They are tossed with rosemary, garlic and olive oil but is very light in flavor.The service here is by far the best in terms of dining at a Smashburger location, the cashier accepted my survey code and even checked up on us twice while we were enjoying our meal. Now that's service for a burger chain!
